THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 33.

A

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 13th, 1770,

In the Eleventh Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

November the 17th, 1772,

In the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1804.

C Bayerteche ''N Staaiabiblkxhek V MOnchen )

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 33.

B

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS,

Self. 1770 — 71.

Mart is, 130 die Novembris;

Anno 11* Georgii III. Regis, 1770.

Message to A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-attend HU h\ > Gentleman Ulherot the Black Rod:

Majesty. JL Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned 1 Writs ifloed Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursu-'' in Receii. ance of the DireChons of an Act, passed in the last Scf-lion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants,

" to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to " serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as " shall die during the Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places j viz. for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of , in the room of Fountayne Wentworth OJbaldeJlvn, Esquire; for the City

of London, in the room of the Right honourable William Bickford j for the County of , in the room of

Thomas Tracey, Esquire; for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir Robert Darting; for the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Goddard, Esquire 1 for the Borough of in

the County of Devon, in the room of Thomas Brand, Esquire; for the Borough of East Lae, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Richard Esquire; and for the Borough of Ludlowin the County of Salop, in the room of Edward Herbert, Esquire.

Mrmbei* Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took i«orn. the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qua-’ lification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Quali-

fication, delivered in such Account, and took and fub-lcribed the said Oath accordingly.

Ou'Uwry A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Bill* Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Vol. 33.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended King's His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty Speech was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the ''P011*1, Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr.

Speaker said be had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

When 1 last met you in Parliament, I renewed to you the Assurances which I had before given you. That it was My fixed Purpose to preserve the general Tranquillity, maintaining, at the same Time, the Honour of My Crown, together with the just Rights and Interests of My People; and it was with much Satisfaction that I indulged the Hope of being still able to continue to My Subjects the Enjoyment of Peace with Honour and Security. Since that Time, those very Considerations which I then promised you that I would never sacrifice, even to the Desire of Peace, have laid me under an indispensable Necessity of preparing for a different Situation.

By the Act of the Governor of Buenos , in seizing by Force one of My Possessions, the Honour of My Crown, and the Security of My People’s Rights, were become deeply affected. Under there Circumstances I did not fail to make an immediate Demand, from the Court of Spain, of such Satisfaction as I had a Right to expect for the Injury I had received. 1 directed also the necessary Preparations to be made, without Loss of Time, for enabling Me to do Myself Justice, in case My Requisition to the Court of Spain should fail of procuring it for Me: And these Preparations, you may be assured, I shall not think it expedient to discontinue, until I shall have received proper Reparation for the Injury, as well as satisfaClory Pqoof that other Powers are equally sincere with Myself in the Resolution to preserve the general Tranquillity of Europe. In the mean time, I have called you together thus early, in order that I may be able to receive from you such Advice and Assistance, as, in the farther Progress of this very important Business, may happen to become re-quisite.

With respect to the State of My Colonies in North America, although I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that the People in most of them have begun to

depart

Resolution for Address*

4 13 0 Novembris. . 1770.

depart from those Combinations, which were calculated to distrefjs the Commerce of this Kingdom; yet, in feme Parts of the Colony of the very un-

warrantable Practices are still carried on, and My good Subjects oppressed by the same lawless Violence which has too long prevailed in that Province.

I hope and trust, that the Precautions which have already been used for securing this Country again (I the Visitation of that fatal Calamity, which has of late appeared in some of the distant Parts of Europe, will, with the Blessing of God, prove successful. But if, from any Alteration of Circumstances, it should at any Time be found that farther Provisions will be wanted, I cannot doubt of your ready Concurrence for so lalutary a Purpose.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I will order the proper Efti mates, for the Service of the ensuing Year, to be laid before you. They must unavoidably, in Our present Situation, exceed the usual Amount. Every unnecessary Expence My Concern for the Ease of My good Subjects will ever make Me careful to avoid. But I should neither consult their Interest nor their Inclination, if I were to decline any Expence which the Public Security, or the Maintenance of the National Honour, does at any Time require.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am sensible how little I need say to you, at this Time, to prevail upon you to unite in whatever may belt promote the true Interest of your Country. In all your Deliberations upon Points of a domestic Nature, let the Extension of our Commerce, the Improvement of the Revenue, and the Maintenance of Order and good Government, be always in your View. With respect to Foreign' Measures, there will, I am persuaded, be no other Contest among you, than who shall appear most forward in the Support of the common Cause, in upholding the Reputation, and promoting the Prosperity, of the Kingdom. For the Attainment of these Ends, you shall ever find Me ready to exert Myself to the utmost. I have no Interest, I can have none, distinct from that of My People.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, To return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne: To offer to His Majesty our Congratulations on the happy Delivery of Her Majesty, and on the Birth of another Princess; together with our Assurances, that we esteem every Increase of His Majesty’s Royal Family an additional Security for the Continuance of that Happiness which we have already experienced under its au-lpicious Government:

To assure His Majesty, that, among the many Proofs we have received of His Majesty’s constant Attention to the Welfare and Prosperity of His People, His Majesty’s earnest Desire to continue to us the Blessings of Peace, could not fail to inspirq us with Sentiments of Gratitude and Affection; but that we could have reaped little real Satisfaction from the Enjoyment of those Blessings, had we not at the same Time been able to place the justest Confidence in His Majesty, that His Majesty would never be induced, by a mistaken Ten-derness for the present Ease of His People, to sacrifice their more essential and more lading Interests;

That we cannot but consider these as having been dangerously struck at^by the Violence lately committed by a Spanish Governor upon one of His Majesty’s Pof-

lessions: That, under these Circumstances, His Majesty’s Determination so make an immediate Demand from the Court of Spain, of such Satisfaction as His Majesty had a Right toexpedt, and at the same Time to direct the necessary Preparations to be made, without Delay, for enabling His Majesty to do Himself Justice, in case His Majesty’s Requisition from the Court of Spain should fail to procure it, demands our most hearty Acknowledgments: And that we rejoice to find, that His Ma-8

jesty will not discontinue these Preparations, until His Majesty shall have received a proper Reparation for the Injury, as well as satisfactory Proof that other Powers are equally sincere with His Majesty, in the Resolution topreserve the general Tranquillity To assure His Majesty, that, in the Prosecution of this His Majesty’s Purpose, His Majesty will not be disappointed in His Expectation of receiving from His faithful Commons every Degree of Support, which, in the Progress of this very important Business, shall become requisite: That, with this View', we will enter without Delay into the Confederation of the Supplies for the ensuing Year; and whatever extraordinary Expences the Public Service ft]all require, we will chearfully provide for, in such Manner as maybe least burthensome to His Majesty’s Subjects:

To declare, that, in considering the State of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, we will neglect no Means of securing the commercial Interests of this Kingdom, or of providing for the Protection of His Majesty’s good Subjects there from every Degree of Violence and Oppression:

'To return His Majesty our unfeigned Thanks, for the timely Precautions His Majesty has used for guarding against the Introduction of that fatal Contagion, which has of late appeared ifl fbme of the distant Parts of Europe; and to declare, that while, with His Majesty, we place our ultimate Reliance upon the Divine Providence for our Preservation from lo great a Calamity, we shall consider it as our indispensable Doty to make use of every reasonable Precaution which human Forefight can suggest to us:

To assure His Majesty, that we will apply ourselves with all due Diligence to the Dispatch of the Public Business; in which we will not fail steadily to pursue those great Ends recommended to us by His Majesty in His Speech from the Throne, as well as by His Royal Example; and that, if any Hopes should have been conceived, or it may have been any where surmised, that among His Majesty’s People there were any such Differences subsisting, as could in the least Degree abate the Ardour of their affectionate Attachment to His Majesty, or prevent their joining, as One Man, in seconding His Majesty’s View's, for maintaining unfuliied the Lustre of His Crown, and preserving undiminithed the Rights of His People, we doubt not, by our Proceedings, to convince the World how false and injurious arc all such Surmises; and to make it manifest, that, whenever we are called upon in the Cause of our King and Country, there will be but One Heart and One Voice among His faithful Commons.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Greville, Lord Barrington, Mr. Rice, Mr. Attorney General, Lord Clare, Lord North, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Fox, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Mr. Jenkin-

son, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles Whitworth: And they are to

withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge, in the room of the Right honourable John Manners, commonly called Marquis of Granby, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable

Cambri

Writ.

ChrilMurcfc

Writ*

Whitechapel

Paving.

Vmchester

Paving.

11 Geo. III. 130 — 14'

nountble Thomas Robinson, now Lord , called \ip to the House ot Peers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 !r $

Anno it0 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of such Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Mary Ma/felon, otherwise Whitechapelas lies in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House;

And a Member who had not been sworn at the Table coming into the House; and the said Member having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and lubscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the said Street is a great Thoroughfare, being the principal Avenue to the City of London, and greatly frequented by Travellers; and that such Part of the said Street as lies within the City of London is already properly paved; but such Part of the said Street as lies within the County of Midd/eJ'exis ill paved, and the Passage through the fame greatly obstructed by Ports and Projections, and annoyed' by Signs, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into and over the lame, whereby, and by the deep Channels across many Parts of the said Street, the same is rendered incommodious and dangerous; and that the Petitioners are willing, for the public Accommodation, to contribute to the utmost of their Abilities, and submit to an additional Tax, towards paving the said Street in a proper Manner, and rendering the same commodious; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that unless they are aided by a small daily Toil (except on Sundays) on all Coaches, Landaus, Chariots, Benins, Charles, Chairs, and Calalhes, and upon Saddle Hones, parting through the Turnpike at Mile End, in the same County, and also upon Carriages loaded with Play and Straw, which shall be brought, pitched, or fold, on Market Days, in any Part of the said Parish, the utmost that their Circumstances will admit them to pay, will not be adequate to the proposed Expence: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and RestriClions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Alderman Townsend, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Person;, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Aldermen of the City of in the County of Sou/hamptcn, and ot several Gentlemen and other Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs thereof, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Ground, within the City and Suburbs aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, within the said City, and also within the VoL- 33-

Novembris, 5

several Parishes of St. Bartholomew Hide, St. in

the Soke, St. Peter's Cheese Hill, St. Swithin, and St. Michael's in the WestSoke, in the Suburbs' of the said City, arc in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition, and in general very ill paved, cleantrd, lighted, and watched, and the Passages of the said City and Suburbs are obstructed by various Nuisances and Annoyances; and that several of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and public Passages, are in some Parts thereof too narrow and incommodious; but, if the same were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, watched, lighted, and widened where necessary, and the said Nuisances and Annoyances removed, and prevented for the future, it would tend to the Benefit and Health of the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and all Persons resorting the reto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, repairing, widening, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Streets, Square's, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, and public Passages, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, in such Minner, and under such Regulations and Rcstriction.s, as to t he House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Powlet, Mr. Cornwall, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Bernard Perny, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Joseph Mazchey and Mr. Serjeant Glynn do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common Council, Guardians of the Poor, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; Expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, that, if the Exportation of Corn, Malt, or Grain, should be permitted for the ensuing Year, a very great Dearness and Scarcity of those Necessaries of Life will inevitably ensue; which, joined to the advanced Rates at which all other Provisions now fell, will produce the most ruinous Consequences to the industrious Poor, and greatly dirtrefs (in different Degrees) all Ranks of People in this trading and populous City: And therefore prayir.g, That the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and Malt, may be prohibited for a limited Time; or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from West to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the greatest Part of the Road, by the said Act intended to be repaired, is the high Road leading from the City of London to the Cities of Bath and and that the Prin-

cipal Sum of £.4,460, and the further Principal Sum of £. 350 have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which, together with other Sums for Interest and Materials, remain yet unpaid; and that great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads; but by Means of the many heavy Carriages parting on the fame, and the great Scarcity and Dearness of Materials, with the Expence of Carriage of such Materials, the said Roads cannot be aflcftually kept in Repair, and

C the

Ferny’s

Nat.

Norwich Petition-Corn, &c.

Devizes

Road.

,1

6 14* Novembris. . 1770.

the interest of the Money borrowed On the Credit of the said Tolls be paid, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, and altering and enlarging some Parts of the said Roads, and for altering the Tolls granted by the said Act, and consolidating all the said Tolls, and making the same one entire or aggregate Fund, for repairing all the Roads intended by the said Act to be repaired, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. P of ham,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Com, See. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Committee*. fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thuifday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do (it every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap-of Privilege*. pointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Amcotts, Mr. Attorney General, Lord , Mr.

Colonel Barre, Mr. LafMr. Wood, Mr.

Mr. Stanley, Sir George Sir George Suttie, Mr.

Popham, Mr. Rice, Sir Gilbert Sir John

worth, Sir Charles WhitwMr. , Mr. Ro-binfon , Lord John Cavcudish, Lord Barrington, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Martin, Lord BurgherJh, Lord George Cavendifli, Mr. Jenkinson, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Phipps, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Fuller, Lord Clare, Mr. Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Kyuaflon, Mr. Sir

Joseph Mawbey, the Earl of Catherlough, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Field, Mr. Adams, Sir Brook Bridges, Lord Gage, Mr. Townshend, Lord Henley, Mr. Darner, Mr. Freeman: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every

nesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Confederation all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Re- ufoal turns of Members to serve in Parliament do question Order*, the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who are returned for Two or more Places do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any'Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned*against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given falle Evidence, in any Ca(e, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committeie of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the

House;

ii Geo. III. 140 Novembrls.

House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

1

all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, Vote*, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof} and that no Person but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and frdm Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Hall

shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in mtnfttr Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster-, and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands . of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that

Vol. 33.

Refolded, That this House will receive no Petitions Private for Private Bills after the Second Day of February next. Pet»»°01*

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- Westminster cut ion the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleans- Pav,0^" ing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and

other Parts therein mentioned,- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have continued to put the said Acts in Execution with great Diligence, and have made great Progress in the Works thereby directed to be done, which they presume have been of great public Benefit and Convenience; but have not been able to complete the same, on account of the Insufficiency of the Fuads hitherto appropriated fof those Purposes, and for Want of some further Powers; and that, if a Committee was appointed in every Parish, to make a Rate or Rates in their respective Parishes, and otherwise to assist in executing the said Acts, and if Commissioners were to be appointed by each Parish, to be added to the present Commissioners, it would be a Means to facilitate the Execution of the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to proceed in the Works directed by the said Acts to be performed, by amending the said Acts, and granting such further Powers as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Greville reported from the Committee ap- Addreli on pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre- King’s footed to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn Speec ' up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our humble Thanks, for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne:

We beg Leave to offer to Your Majesty our Congratulations on the happy Delivery of Her Majesty, and on the Birth of another Princess; esteeming every Increase of Your Majesty’s Royal Family, an additional Security for the Continuance of that Happiness which we have already experienced under its auspicious Government:

Among the many Proofs we have received of Your Majesty’s constant Attention to the Welfare and Prospe-riiy of Your People, Your Majesty’s earned Deftre to continue to us the Blessings of Peace, could not fail to inspire us with Sentiments of Gratitude and Affection:

But we could have reaped little real Satisfaction from the Enjoyment of those Blessings, had we not at the same Time been able to place the justest Confidence in Your Majesty, that You would never be induced, by a mif-taken Tenderness for the present Ease of Your People, to sacrifice their more essential And more lading Intends.

These

Mcflape t# ihc Queen.

8 i4° — »5‘

These we cannot but consider as having been dangerously struck at, by the Violence lately committed by a Governor upop One of Your Majesty’s Possessions.-Under these Circumstances, Your Majesty’s Determination to make an immediate Demand from the Court of Spain of such Satisfaction as you had a Right to expect, and at the same Time to direct the necessary Preparations to be made, without Delay, for enabling Your Majesty to do Yourself Justice, in case Your Requisition to the Court of Spain should fail to procure it, demands our most hearty Acknowledgments; and we rejoice to find that Your Majesty will not discontinue these Preparations until You shall have received a proper Reparation for1 ihe Injury, as well as satisfactory Proof that other Powers are equally sincere with Your Majesty in the Resolution to preserve the general Tranquillity. In the Pro- fecution of this Your Majesty’s Purpose, Your Majesty will not be disappointed in Your Expectation of receiving from Your faithful Commons every Degree of Support which, in the Progress of this very important Business, shall become requisite: With this View, we will enter without Delay into the Consideration of the Supplies for the ensuing Year; and whatever extraordinary Expences the public Service shall require, we will chear-.fully provide for, in such Manner as may be least burthensome to Your Majesty’s Subjects.

In considering the State of Your Majesty’s Colonies in North America, we will neglect no Means of securing

the commercial Interests of this Kingdom, or of providing for the Protection of Your Majesty’s good Subjects there from every Degree of Violence and Oppression.

We return Your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks, for the timely Precautions You have uled, for guarding against the Introduction of that fatal Contagion which has of late appeared in some of the distant Parts of Europe: And while, with Your Majesty, we place our ultimate Reliance upon the Divine Providence for our Preservation from so great a Calamity, we shall consider it as our indispensable Duty to make use of every reasonable Precaution which human Forefight can suggest to us.

We assure Your Majesty, that we will apply ourselves with all due Diligence to the Dispatch of the public Business; in which we will not fail steadily to pursue those great Ends recommended to us by Your Majesty in Your Speech from the Throne, as well as by Your Royal Example. And if any Hopes should have been conceived, or it may have been any where surmised, that among Your Majesty’s People there were any such Differences subsisting, as could in the least Degree abate the Ardour of their affectionate Attachment for Your Majesty, or prevent their joining, as One Man, in seconding Your Majesty’s Views, for maintaining unsullied the Lustre of Your Crown, and preserving undiminished the Rights of Your People, we doubt not, by our Proceedings, to convince the World how false and injurious are all such Surmises; and to make it manifest, that, whenever we are called upon in the Cause of our King and Country, there will be but One Heart and One Voice among Your faithful Commons.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Rejuived. That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are ' of H is Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Floufes of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Message be

sent to the Queen, with the sincere and hearty Congra-

z

Novembris. A. 1770.

tulations of this House; on the joyful Event of Her Majesty's being delivered of another Princess, and of Her Majesty’s happy Recovery; and to assure Her Majesty of the zealous and dutiful Attachment of this House.

Ordered, That the Lord Melbourne, Mr. Rennet, the Lord Bellafyfe, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Mr. Burrell,

and Mr. Edmonstone, do attend Her Majesty with the said Message.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 die Novembris j

Anno n° Georgii IIItil Regis, 1770. Prayers.

MR. Stanley reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of St. James.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day be now read. And the said Orde r being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament!

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Live:pool, on Behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, since the passing of the Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland Fishery, that Trade has greatly increased; but, as the same will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Trade can only enjoy the Benefit of the next Season under the present Act; and that the Greenland Trade cannot be carried on, unless a Bounty

be continued; and that the Extension of the said Bounty to a longer Term than has been lately granted would encourage many more Vessels to be employed in the Trade, and would enable the Adventurers to export a considerable Part of the Produce of their Fishery to Foreign Markets: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine, and date to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Pennant, Sir Mere-

dith, &"c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Janies Pennyman, Baronet, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, the Petitioner and Ralph Bell, Esquire, W'ere Candidates; and that the said Ralph Bell was then incapable of be-

His Majestjr appoints to be attended.

Supply.

Liverpool

Petition —

Greenland

Fishery.

Scarborough

Election.

9

ii Geo. III. 15° — 16

'ing elected to serve in Parliament; and that the Peti--titiofter was at the said Election duly chosen by a Ma-- jority oflegal Votes, and ought to have been solely returned; nevertheless the Bailiffs, who were the returning Officers of the said Borough, having illegally received divers Votes for the said Ralph from Per-l’ons who had no Right to vote in the said Election, returned the said Ralph Bell, and the Petitioner, as duly defied for the said Borough, contrary to the Law requiring fair and free Elections, in Violation of the Rights of the Electors, and to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give him such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate " the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of " Members, to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Notices were lent to Sir James Pennyman, Baronet, and Ralph , Esquire, in

pursuance of the Directions of the said Act.

Jovis, 15® dieNovembris, 1770.

Ordered, That Sir James Penny man. Baronet, do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House upon this Day Fortnight, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

J.

Cl.Dom. Com.

Sir James Pennyman, Baronet, having this Day presented his Petition, complaining. That at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, which began on d'dvtbe Eleventh Day of last, the Petitioner and Ralph Bell, Esquire, were Candidates, and that the said Ralph Bell was then incapable of being elected to serve in Parliament; and that the Petitioner was at the said Election duly chosen by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been solely returned by Francis Coulson and John Esquire?,

the then Bailiffs,-and returning Officers of the said Borough; nevertheless the said Bailiffs having illegally received divers Votes for the said Ralph Bell, from Persons who had no Right to vote in the said Election, returned the said Ralph Bell, and also the Petitioner, as duly defied for the said Borough, contrary to the Law requiring fair and free Elections, in Violation of the Rights of the Electors, and to the great Injury of the Petitioner; and the House having appointed this Day Fortnight, at Two of the Clock, to take the said Petition into Consideration, you are therefore to take Notice, That the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, this 15th Day of November, 1770.

Ft. Norton, Speaker.

To Sir James Pennyman, BarOnet.

The like Notice to Ralph Bell, Esquire.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 33.'

Novembris.

Veneris, 160 die N;

Anno ii# Georgii III. U Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

SIR Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, accord- Pemy’s ing to Order, a Bill for Naturalizing Bernard Nat.

Perny: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House An^ver ,0 attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address; dr< *" to which Hi's Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this very dutiful and affectionate Address; and for the ffefh Mark you give of your Attachment to Me and My Family, in your Congratulations on the happy Delivery of the Queen, and the Birth of another Princess.

? Your ready Concurrence in My Sentiments, and your chearful Assurances of Support, afford Me the highest Satisfaction. You may be allured of the Continuance of My Endeavours to preserve to My Kingdoms the Blessing of Peace; but I shall consider it as a Blessing so long only, as it can be enjoyed consistently with the Honour of My Crown, and without Prejudice to the Rights of My People.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Buckinghim the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wru* the elefling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right honourable George Grenville, deceased.

A Petition of Gerard Portman, was presented to the Potman’* House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given at* to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Francis Vincent and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the Motion made Yesterday, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Powlett reported from the Committee, to whom Winchester the Petition of the Aldermen of the City of Wtnchester, in the County of Southampton, and of several Gentlemen arid other Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

D being

i o 16° — 190 No A> 1770.

being Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Ground, within the City and Suburbs aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of tire said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Knott, being examined, said, That the Streets and other public Pillages within the said City, and also within the several Parishes of Saint tneiv Hyde, Saint Joint's in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheese-hill, Saint Swithin, and Saint Michaers in the Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City, are in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition, and in general very ill paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Passages of the said City and Suburbs are obstructed by various Nui-lances and Annoyances.

That several of the said Streets and other public Passages arc in same Parts thereof too narrow, and are very incommodious for the passing of Carriages and Paflen-gers.

That if the said Streets and public Passages were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, watched, and lighted, and widened where necessary, and the said Nuisances and Annoyances were removed and prevented for the future, it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Health of the.inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and all Persons resorting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Passages within the City of Winchester, and also within the several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hyde, Saint John's in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheejehill, Saint Swithin, and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: And that Mr. Pow/ett, Sir Francis , and Mr.

Cornwall, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Adjourn- Refalved, That this House will, at the Riling of the uient. £joufe this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Corn, Sec. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parlia-. ment, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Com, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common Council, Guardians of the Poor, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour pall Four of

the Clock.

Kentish And lie moved the House accordingly; and pre-Town Foot fented to the House a Petition of Charles Filzroy, Patl». Esquire.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That there is a Foot Path, which leads from a House called Sherwick'sFarm House, in the Parish of Saint,

alias Kentish To'wn, in the County of Middlesex, along certain Fields or Meadows of the Petitioner, called Heme Field, The Four Acres, Fourteen Acres, tod Great Pursue. Field, near the South West Side of the Road from Hampstead to Highgate, and joins the said Road at a Stile in

the North West Corner of Furze Field aforesaid; and that the Petitioner is willing, at his own Expence, to take upon himself to make a good Foot Way or Path along the South West Side of the said Road, from the said House called Sherwick's Farm House, to the Stile at the North West Corner of Furze Field aforesaid, and also to oblige himself, his Heirs and Assigns, to keep and maintain the same in good Repair for ever, provided the Foot Path over the said Fields and Meadows shall be shut up, and discontinued; and that there is-a Foot Path, which leads from or near certain Ponds upon Hampstead Heath, which belong to the Proprietors of the Hampstead Water Works, over certain Fields or Meadows belonging to the Petitioner, called Lower Eight Acres, Eight Acres, and Home Field, to Highgate, which is not an ancient Foot Path, and is in many Re-spefts inconvenient to the Petitioner, and that the shutting up the same will be no Detriment to any body, as there is another, which leads from the same Point on Hampstead Heath to Highgate aforesaid, which is both shorter and more convenient: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Petitioner to (hut up the said Two Paths which lead over his Fields or Meadows, and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair a Foot Path from s

Farm House, along the Road between Highgate and

Hampstead, to the Stile in the North West Corner of Furze Field aforesaid, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Rigby, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luncey 19* die Novembris;

Anno ii* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

OERNARD Ferny took the Oaths’appointed, in order tp his Naturalization.

I '

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Ballingdoa in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Bridge Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Road* Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a coosiderable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but find the said Act cannot be carried into -effectual Execution, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Tolls and Powers 9 thereof

11 Geo. III. i o° Novem 11

thereof are increased and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Term, and render more effectual the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mr. Corn-

wall, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Goodman’* A Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of Field* the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Faring. Ways, an{j other public Passages, in that Part of Goodman'% Fields (being Part of the Manor or reputed Manor of Barnes, in the County of , and City of Lon-

don) which lie in the Parish of Saint Mary otherwise Whitechapel, in the said County of

and also of the Inhabitants of Red Lion and White Lion Streets, in the said Parish, lying contiguous to the said Fields, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, are very ill paved and ruinous, and the Passage thereof is greatly obstructed by Nuisances and Annoyances thereupon; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, and to all Persons resorting thereto, or passing through the fame, if the same \yere properly paved, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, were removed, and prevented for the future, which the Inhabitants are willing to be at the Expence of; But as the same cannot be effected without the Aid of 'Parliament; therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages; and for removing and preventing all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration cf a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles , Mr. Sey-

mour, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The The Lord Melbourne acquainted the House, That the Queen'* Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty, with the Aofacr. Congratulatory Message of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say:

Gentlemen,

This fresh Mark of your Duty to the King, and Attention to Me, calls for My most sincere Thanks.

Con, tec Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Vot. 33.

Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, be prohibited for a further Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of 'this Committee,

That the Exportation of Malt be prohibited for a limited Time.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Onslow, the Lord North, Mr.

Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Cooper,

Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Penrtiddock reported from the Comthittee, to Devizes whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Ro*d*-Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Road leading La-

vington to The Devizes, and from The Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and

John Flower, Surveyor and Treasurer to the said Roads, informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Sums now due to Workmen and others, amount to near £. 5000.

That the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Interest of the prt-sent Debt or Mongage paid, nor the other Sums to Workmen discharged, unless the Term and Powers of the Act are enlarged, and the said Act amended, and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from WLavington to The Devizes, and from The Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Peuruddock, Mr. Garth, Mr.

Edward Popham, and Mr. James Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- Portmsn’t

ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Gerard Portman: Nat.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon day last, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Ufoal EiH-

Navy for the Year 1771, with an Estimate of the Halfpay ®«e», tec.

* " oy ordered.

12 i y'Novembris. A. 1770.

' of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as wer« employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1771, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1771, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1771, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Halfpay for the Year 1771, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners o ( Chelfca Hospital, for the Year 1771, be laid

before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be Aid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen, within the respective Half Years, ending at the 5th Day of April 1770, and the xoth Day of October 1770, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The South Sea; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

A Petition, of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lowiek, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting torth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement j and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Medley and Mr. Harcourt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty of the 12th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Debt on the Civil List, as it stood on the 5 th Day of April 1762, the 5th Day of April 1763, the 5th Day of July 1765, and the 5th Day of July 1766; together with an Account of the Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues unapplied, and His present Majesty’s Civil List Calli remaining in the Exchequer at those several Times; and also Copies of the Accounts transmitted to the Treasury by the several Offices from which this Account is made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Account, in which the said Copies are included, is as followeth; viz.

An

Lowiotc

Inclvlur*.

CiWl Lift Accounts.

ix Geo. Ill

190 Novembris.

*3

An ACCOUNT of the Debt on th^Civil List, as it stood on the 5th Day of April 176a, the 5th Uay of April 1763, the 5th Day of July 1765, and the 5th Day of July 1766; together with an Account of the Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil Lilt Revenues unapplied, and His present Majesty’s Civil List Calli remaining in the Exchequer at those several Times.

Debt on the Debt on the V Debt on the Debt on the

5thof April 1762. 5thof^>7/1763. 5th of July 1765. 5th of July 1766,

f £ s. A, £ s. d. £ d. £. s. d.

To Her Majesty the Queen - - - 10,000 12,500 12,500 — 12,500

To the Princess Dowager of Wales - 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500

To the Duke of York ----- 3,000 t» 3,000 3,poo 3,cco

To Prince William Henry, and Henry

0 Frederick ----- 2,000 2,000 2,000 — 2,000 — r- — ~

§* To Foreign Ministers on their Allowr

i ances - 16,288 2 yl 20,967 5 4 59.499 9 5? 55,929 11 5 J

M For Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and An-

W O nuities - - 41,183 — 7 40,661 16 71 71,124 12 8 87,456 9 7

To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners - 1,500 i,5P° — — 3, POO r- 4,500

To the Secretaries of State for Secret

Service - -- -- - 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500

To the Secretary of the Post Office, for

D* - , 1,508 16 — i»535 *4 — 3,230 IO — 4.898 5 —

For Contingencies of divers Natures - 22,856 10 ii *5>°49 9 — I9»325 3 n 14,632 17 — k

In the Office of Cofferer of His Majesty’s

Houshold ----- I7,6l2 - 20,251 41,131 56,346 —

D* of the Treasurer of the Chamber - 14,899 9 Hi 27,640 9 i\ 28,290 2 9$ 44,834 17 — f

D° of the Great Wardrobe - - - 7,241 IO 9 12,926 1 7 4,218 6 6 10,377 11 9

D" of the Matter of the Robes - - 996 IO 4 742 2 7 1,689 10 3? 1,605 1 10

D" of the Paymaster of the Works - 10,366 I 5 *4,925 2 81 16,304 8 — 24,549 5*

D° of the Master of the Horse t - — r 10,142 12 10 4,862 2 6 8,356 4 2

D" of the Paymaster of His Mar

jesty’s Pensions and Bounties - - 12,013 4 8 »5>643 2 8 41,006 7 11 40,713 14 5

In the Jewel Office, for Plate, &c. - - 5*775 *9 6 5,111 12 11 13,174 4 2 10,471 6 6

To the Servants of the late Queen, par Mr.

Mathias ----- tt- 1,210 6 3$ 2,492 19 31 3.399 2 6 2,218 5 6l

172,451 12 ij 231,089 8 9! 331,665 — 8i 388,389 5 10

Monies remaining in the Exchequer

On5th//pr;/1762. 5th of April 1763. 5th of July 1765 5 th of July 1766.

£. s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Of Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List

Revenues, unapplied - - - - 3*.347 H 7* I4»239 19 11 i 3,706 17 3I 489 16 5f

Oi His present Majesty’s Civil List Calli - 78>°53 *4 3i 37.574 9 »or 34,315 18 10; 25,5*9 3 9i

This Account made up from the Accounts transmitted to the Treasury from the several Offices above-mentioned, together with Copies of the said Accounts, is humbly presentai this 19th Day of November 1770, by

IV.

vot. 35*

E

Ordered

14

i9° — 20° Novembris. A. 1770.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teirof the Clock.

Mar thy 20* die Novembris;

4f

Anno 11* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

Corn, &c.

MR. Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Prohibition of t Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further-Time, and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tring A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Roads, in Execution an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through DHitchin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn and from the West End of Lane to the Turn-

pike Road at the South End of , in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royflon District of Roads in the said Act particularly mentioned, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made some Progress in the Execution of the said Act, so far as it relates to the said District of Roads; but find the same cannot be carried into effectual Execution, unless the Term thereby granted is further continued, and the Powers are altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act,'in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Oraered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Halsey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whiteebapef Mr. Serjeant Glynn reported from the Committee, to Paying, whom the Petition of the principaf'fnhabitants of such Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon* otherwise Whitechapel, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards dilivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. George Wyatt, Surveyor, being examined, laid. That the said Street is a great Thoroughfare, and such Part thereof as lies within the County of Middlesex is extremely ill paved, and the Passage through the same greatly obstructed by Posts and Projections, and annoyed by Signs, Spouts, and Gutters, by Reason whereof the said Street is not only incommodious, but dangerous to Persons passing through the fame.

8

That he had made an Estimate of the Expence of paving the said Street, amounting to £. 6,216. 2 s.; and that the annual Expence of keeping the same in Repair, will be about £. 113.

Mr. John Coverly, being examined, said. That the

Number of Houses are 146, and the annual Rents amount to £.4,822; that they pay at present about Four Shillings in the Pound on Rack Rent for Parochial Taxes — That an Increase of 12 din the Pound, will amount to no more than £. 240 per Annum; and that the proposed Tax upon Hay and Straw, will be about £. 200 per Annum — That to the Annual Expence Hated, by Mr. Wyatt should be added for Collectors, Clerks, and other incidental Expences, near £. 100 more; and that in Mr. Wyatt's Estimate no Allowance is made for the Expence of passing the Act — That the Expence at present of Paving does not amount to more then Ten Shillings per Annum for each House; and that the Inhabitants are unable to pave the said Street, and keep the same in proper Repair, without the Aid of a Toll upon Pleasure Carriages and Saddle Horses passing through the said Street, and on Carriages loaded with Hay and Straw, which shall be fold there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in n Bill for the better Paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And that Mr.

Serjeant Glyttn, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Shoreham the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- Wnt ment for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir Samuel Cornish, Baronet,

deceased.

Sir Charles Bunbvry reported from the Committee, to Bill Gordon whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed Bridge to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Road. Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Squire informed your Committee, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof; but that the Road cannot be effectually amended unless they are impowered to collect further Tolls upon the said Road than by the Act they can at present do.

And the Witness added, That the present Debt cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged; and that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Sir John Rous do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

ii Geo. III. 20° — 21°'Novemhris. 15

Crinfos’s A Petition of LewisBenjamin , Son of the Noble

Isaac Crinfoz, Lord of Cot tens, in Switzerland, was pre-l'cnted to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Admiral Craven do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Perny’t A Bill for naturalizing Bernard Pemy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edmonstone. Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Quieting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Subjects. eXp|ajn fu much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and rdtider more effectual an Act made in the Twenty-iirft Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Sut^efts against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, withinlhe Manor of Raft Greenwich, in the County of Kent, or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty of The in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the fame, therein mentioned: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dunning, and Mr. Wallace, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 21* die >

Anno ii* Georgii III,n Regis, 1770. Pravirs.

Answer to ~\ yfR- Stanley reported to the House, That their Ad-Addrd*. jVJl dress of Mondaylash. That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Of-

ficers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Or- crinftw’s der, a Bill for naturalizing Lewis Benjamin Crinfoz: Nat.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to whom Perny’t the Bill for naturalizing Bernard Perny, was committed; Nat. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the £iU, and found the same to be true4 and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Bullet:, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for fjtry gn;. the Year 1771: And also, mate*.

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1771.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of the Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 33.

ABSTRACT

i6

210 Novembris,

A. 1770

A6STRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1771.

N*

1

1. To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, kc. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating the reto

2- Superannuated Sea Officers -

3. Pensions and other Allowances - .

4*

5*

6.

7-

8.

9-

Yards.

Chatham,

Deptford

Woolwich

Portsmouth

Sheer ness

Plymouth

jC* d.

17*8.57 13 1

6*375 3 3

3,295 1 6

3,142 11 4

2,520 8 8

4,054 14 6 1,813 4 6

3,245 9 6

1

10. Muster Matter and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, lAc. - - -

15. Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers -

16. Bounty to Chaplains -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Nav^ for the Year 1771

To which may be added,

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at , for the Support and Relief of

Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1771, Ten thousand Pounds -

£ s' 34,038 4 I

24,232 16 4

18,071 10 o 4,307 16 II 40,181 5 5

18,280 8 4

46,566 o o

102,843 o o 89,000 o o 1,231 17 6

378,752 18 7

10,000 o o £.388,752 18 7

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1771, amounts to Three hundred Eighty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence.

H. Palliffer, Tho. Sy.

T. Brett, E. Mason.

Navy

D

eg^ '

f — h

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

00

o

Navy Office, 21st November 1770.

f An ESTI MATE of the Charge of what may be necessitry for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above'what arc proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1 771; prepared pursuant loan Order from the honourable Hout'e of Commons, dated the 19th Instant.

3

-r Nature of their Time when may be Charge of their

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Repair. Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls, Malls, and Yards. Rigging and Stores. Total.

Deptford - -- 74 Grafton - - - - Building - - In hand - - Mar. next - - 11,000 if- 5'217 if. 16,217

Cumberland - - - - Building - - In hand - - Alar. 17 7 2 - - 8,oco 1,000 9,000

— New - - - - Building - - In hand - - July 1773 - - 5,600 — 5,600

*4 Seahorse... - Middling - - In hand - - February next - 2,000 1,500 3.5°°

Sloop New to be set up - - 3,000 1,200 4,200

Woolwich - -- 74 Bedford - - - Building - - In hand - - September 1773 9,000 — 9,000

64 Defiance - - - - Building - - In hand - - December 1771 12,000 4>243 16,243

— New - - - Building - - In hand - - September 1774 1 5,000 — 5,000 5.596

32 Lark - - - - Large - - - In hand - - April next - - 3,000 2,596

Chatham ------ 90 Prince George - - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - . 12,000 2,689 14,689

Formidable - - - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - -‘ 7,000 — 7,000

64 Sterling Castle - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - - 6,000 2,066 8,066

_ 60 Medway - - - - Large - - - In hand - - December 1771 8,ood 3,000 11,000

44 New - - - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - - 6,000 1,000 O O

Sheerness ------ 5° Bristol - - - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - - 3,000 1,000 4,000

28 Unicorn - - - - Middling - - — — September next ‘ 4,000 1*637 5.637

Portsmouth - -- 90 Princess Royal - - Building - - In hand - - December 1772 9,000 — . 9,000

74 Berwick - - - - Building - - In hand - - September 1772 5,000 ’ — 5,000

64 Lion - - - Building - - In hand - - September 1772 4,000 4,oooo‘

74 Superb - - - - Small - - - In hand - - April next - - 9,000 5.619 14,619

Dragon - - - Middling - December 1771 5,000 1,000 6,000

5° Chatham - - - - Middling - - In hand - - April next - - 1 5,000 4.H3 9»H3

Prefion - - - Small - — December 1771 2,000 1,000 0,000 2,820

Sloop Falcon - - - - Building - - In hand - - March next - - 900 1,920

-4

ii Geo. III. 210 Novembris.

oo

Plymouth

rs -

Merchants Yards. River Thames - -

Chatham

74 Conqueror - Building - In hand - - Uncertain - - 6,000 — 6,000

64 Monmouth - - Building - - In hand - - Jit>ie next - - 6,070 3>327 9.397

New - - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - - 4,000 — 4,000

74 Kent - Small - - - In hand - - January next - 250 — 250

70 Burford - - Small - - In hand - - April next - - 3>I99 463 3,662

64 Bienfaisant - - - - Middling - - In hand - - March next - 4*542 I»535 6,077

36 Brilliant - Middling - - — — March next - 4,000 2,168 6,168

32 Southampton - - Middling " - — — May next - - 5,000 2,000 7,000

Total King’s Yards - - 177»56* 5°>293 227,854

32 Arethusa . Middling In hand March next - 3>t67 1,250 4>4U

Flora - - Small - - In hand - - March next - - 2,362 1,250 3,612

— Repulse - - - Middling - - In hand - - May next - - 2,126 1,876 4,002

— Blonde - - - - Middling - - In hand - April next - - 2,362 1,858 4,220

— Brune . - - m. m Middling - - In hand - - April next - 2,293 1,683 3>976

28 Levant - - - Middling - - In hand - - Uncertain - - 2,030 1,633 3«a63

— Milford wm m Middling - - In hand - - May next - - *>370 1.407 3*777

28 Coventry a m m Middling - - In hand - - May next -- - 2,946 3»524 6,470

Por/fmouth -

g

CQ

n‘

0

Q.

O'

Total Merchants Yards

19,656

14,481

Grand Total for the Ships

On Works of the Yards.

197,217

64>7

On erecting Buildings to carry on the Public Service, in room of those destroyed by the late Fire, and may remain to be completed in 1771 ——

Towards completing the new South Dock in the Bason and Drains ——

To building the South Side of the Reservoir, or the North Bason.

To inclosing Ground at the North Part of the Yard ——

Plymouth

O

o

c8

FT

Towards completing the Spinning House ——

To levelling the Ground between the Yard, Fence, and Tarring House, and building 4,000 Feet in Length of

the Boundary Wall of the Yard - -- -- -.-

To completing the new South Building Slip, N° 2....

Total - - - .

s>

3*>'37

26l,99I

24.000

20.000

3.000 500

6,060

1,196

4.000

58*756

210 Novembris. A. 1770

o

r

To the Purchase of Stores towards repleniftiing the Magazines, in room of what were destroyed by the late Fire at Portsmouth, and to provide against what may be wanted for carrying on the Public Service in the Year 1771 j

Hemp - - - 2,000 Tons

Marts, New England and Riga »

Canvas - 5,000 Bglts -

Cordage by Contract, 500 Tons

<c.

» 60,000 —

- 15,000 -

- 12,000 -- 16,000 -

103,000

ABSTRACT.

For the Ships in His Majesty's Yards - - { Ragging and Stores I I For the Ships in the Merchants Yard. . - {aiding and Stores I I I

Total,

'Utl')} ’

\tX\ -

261,991

On the Works of the Yards, to restoring Buildings in room of what were burnt - - - - 24,000

Towards the Improvements in the Yards ..... 34-756

To the Purchase of Stores, towards replenithing the Magazines *.....103,000

Grand Total - 423,747

Grand Total - - - - 4*3-747

Viz, The Sum of Four hundred Twenty-three thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds,

H. Pallijfer. The. Slade, J. Williams, , Brett, R. Temple,

Cj I

0

0

00

nT

SO

11 Geo. III. 21° — Novembris,

20

21° — 22° Novembris. A. 1770.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies ordcnd. of theleveral Returns of the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Oats, and Beans, and also of Bear or Big, which have been made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great , and the Quantity exported and imported.

Com, fee. j.\Rip tQ continue the Prohibition of the Exportation

of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a Time to be limited; was read a Second Time.

R.solved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Novembris;

Anno ii° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

f^ERARD Port man took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Bowes A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu-Road. tion an Act made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over , to Grcetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted; which, together with the said Tolls and Duties, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that there is now owing the Sum of 1,450, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Teim and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Sir William

Meredith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wertmirfter Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

Raving. 8

to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of West min fter, and other Parts therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic. Where the same was read; and is as followeth -, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. George Marquand, Surveyor to the said Commissioners, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in the Works directed to be done by the said Acts; but, by Reason of the Insufficiency of the Funds, and Want of some further Powers, ‘the Commissioners are unable to complete the same:

That he is of Opinion, that if a Committee was appointed in every Parish, for the Purpose of making Rates, and otherwise assisting in the Execution of the said Acts; and Commissioners were to be appointed by each Parish, to be added to the present Commissioners; the Purposes of the said Acts might be more effectually carried into Execution.

Mr. Christopher Fowler, Treasurer to the said Commissioners, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, General Howard, Mr. Edmouftone, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Bull, and Mr. Kyna do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Tring the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Ro*d»-in Execution an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Dun ft able, and

Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bndge, and from the West End of Wellbury Lane to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge, so far as the same relates-to the repairing the Roads in the Royston District of Roads in the said Act particularly mentioned, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report*the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Act was read: And

Mr. isaac Wilkinson, Clerk and Treasurer to the said Trustees, being examined, said, That the Sum of^.3,100 has been subscribed to put the said Roads in Repair, and a Gall of 40 per Cent, has been made, and most Part thereof has been paid; and that the said Sum cannot be repaid, and the Roads repaired, unlel's the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, particularly with respect to erecting of Turnpikes, which by the said Act is confined to particular Places, and has been found greatly inconvenient, and not to anti\er the Purpol'es thereby intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more efi'eftual, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Dun faHit chin, Bullock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn

Bridge,

Greenfield

Roads.

11 Geo. III. 2 2° Novemb. 21

Bridge, and from the West End of Wellbury Lane, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of in the

Counties of Hertford, Bucks, and Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royflon Didrift of Roads, in the said Act particularly mentioned: And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. and Mr.

George Jennings, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Creditors of the several Turnpike Roads herein after mentioned, as also the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners, and Occupiers of Land, and other the Inhabitants, retiding near, or contiguous to, the Road branching out of the Chester Turnpike, at Northop, in the County of Flint, and extend-

ing itself through Flint and Holywell, by Pen y Fordd IVaen, to the Side of the Hill opposite Frith y Garreg Weii, called Petty Geliy, in the Parish of in

the County of Flint, and also of another Road, from the Town of Mold, through Northop and Halkin, to Holy-well aforesaid, and the Road turning up out of the said last mentioned Road, near the House of Thomas Venables, under Brynford Hall and Caulcott, to a Place on the Turnpike Road leading from Avon Wen to Halkin, called Onnen Gethin, in the Parish of in the said

County, and likewise from Gr Gate, under Mojlyn, to the Gate at the East End of the Lodge

Field, in the Parish of Llanhafa, in the County of Flint, and from Mojlyn, over Llanerch Bridge, to Henllan, in the County of Denbigh, and from Brickhill, through Caerwys, to Avon IVen aforesaid, and also from the Corner of CaeNewyddin the Township of Tre Mojlyn,

under Bichton, to a Place called in the lame

Parish of Whitford, and also from Plas Ucha through Whitford, to Saith Fynon, in the same Parish of Whitford, and likewise from Llanerch y More by Downing, to Petty Fordd IVaen, and from the Hill opposite Fryth y Garreg IVen, to CaeRhus Bridge, being the Road lead-

ing from Mojlyn to Henllan aforesaid, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, and in particular the Road from Northop, through Flint and Holywell, to Pen y Ford , in the Parish of Whitford, which in the said Act is called the District; and also another Act passed in the 30th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, with other Roads therein mentioned, the Road from the Town of Mold, to Northop, Holywell, and Ruthland, in the same County; and also another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turn-pike Gate in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mojlyn, and from Mojlyn to Hetillan, and from Llanerch y More, to Pen'y Fordd IVaen, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh; and that the Sum of £.2,000, besides the Produce of the Tolls arising from the several Gates erected under the last mentioned Act, has already been raised, and laid out in the Repair of Part of the Roads thereiq mentioned; and also that the Sum of £.1,210. for. 9 besides the Money raised from the several Gates in the Holywell District, Has been ex [tended in the Repair of Part thereof; but the Tolls arising therefrom are not much more than sufficient to discharge the Interest of the last mentioned Sum; and for that Reason, the Roads that have been repaired, are much decayed, and grow worse daily; so that the repairing of the rest of the Road in the -well District is impracticable, as the same lies detached from what is already repaired; and likewise that the further Sum of £. 2,000 has been raised, and still remains due, upon the Tolls arising from that Part of the several Roads aforesaid, called the District; and, as the same are deemed an ample Security, the Trustees of the said Road, by the Consent of the Mortgagees thereof, arc desirous to extend the Limits thereof, and to take ' VOL. 33.

into their District Part of the Holywell Division; and the Creditors and Trustees of the said Road called the Mojlyn Turnpike, are also willing to take in another Part of the said Holywell District, and the several other Roads abovemenrioned; and that the Roads intended to be added to the several Divisions aforesaid arc in most Parts thereof narrow, rugged, and the Generality of them are in a ruinous and dangerous Condition, and the repairing and widening thereof will not only be very beneficial to the Inhabitants redding near the same Roads, but will also be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That the Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and the Tolls thereby granted, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Exemptions, Provisoes, and Clauses, therein contained, may be reduced into One Act, and be continued in Force for a further Term, and likewise extended to the said additional Roads hereinbefore mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tudway, Mr. Kynaston. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Cornwall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Passages within the City of Winchester, and also within the several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hyde, Saint John's in the Soke, Saint Peter's ClHefehill, Saint Swithin, and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyance^ therein, and for widening and rendering the same morq commodious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second-Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, containing an Account of the several Weekly Returns which have been made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, of the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Oats, Beans, and Big, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return of the Prices of Corn, " from November5th, to the 10th, 1770."

And the Titles of the said Book and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Book and Paper be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a Time to be limited, is committed.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. The said Book was, by an Order of the House of the 23d Instant, returned to the Office from whence it was brought.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Precinct of Saint Catherine, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the said Precinct (except such Part of a Street called East Smithfield

G as

Winchffter

Paving.

Prices of Wheat. Jtc.

St. Catharine’aPaving.

22

2-2° Novemhris. . 1 77O.

as is within the said Precinct) arc, for Want of being properly repaired, paved, cleansed, and lighted, become dangerous; and that several Nuisances and Incroachments have been made in the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places; and that, if the Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Precinct, were sufficiently paved, cleansed, and lighted, and a regular nightly Watch established, and a Power granted to remove the present Nuisances and Incroachments, and to prevent the like for the future, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Precinct: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Colonel

Luttrell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Quieting Mr. Wallace presented to the House, according to Or-Subjedi. (str> a gin to explain so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the Pirft, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Manor of , in the County of Kent, or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty of The Savoy, in the County of , or to a,ny the Appurtenances to the fame, therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read, a Second Time.

6uflora- The House being informed, that some of the Cotn-House missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they Accounts. were caiic(j Jn j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N® i. An Account of prohibited Goods

brought into Saint Helen's Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1769, to Michaelmas 1770; also what exported during that Time; and what re>? thained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1770: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into Leadenhall and Billiter Lane Warehouses* in the Port of London-, from Michaelmas 1769, to Michaelmas 1770; also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1770: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1769; what has been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1770: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports at Michaelmas 1769; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1770: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadenhall, , and the Custom

House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1769, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have been returned; and what remained out at Michaelmas 1770: And also.

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1769, to Michaelmas 1770: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from RttJJia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1769, to 1770:

And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships which have beery employed in the Whale Fishery, to s Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1770: And also.

An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, to any Place whatsoever, by Virtue or in Pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted for that Purpose, by an Act passed last Session, to prohibit the Exportation thereof; continued from last Account; viz. from the iothof October 1769, exclusive, to the 10th of October 1770, inclusive.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Corn, ice. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Com, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a Time to be limited; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, according Balliogdon to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Bridge an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His Row. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Rectors, Churchwardens, Over- Holbora seers, Governors and Directors of the Poor, and other Pavia^. the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of St. Andrew,

Holborn, which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Pari (lies, was presented to the House, and read;

Reciting Part of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places* within that Part of the Parish of St. Andrew, *

which lies above the Bars, in the County of and the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the said County; and setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said

Act,

11 Geo. III.

22b — 23* Novembris.

Act, the Governors and Directors, elected In the Manner by the said Act directed, have, from the Time of parting the fame, proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and the said Act has effectually answered every salutary Purpose intended thereby; but there being great Defects in the Pavement of fbme Parts of the said Pa-rifbes, and particularly in that Part thereof called Grays Irn Latte, which are very much travelled over with heavy Carriages, and are in many Parts thereof in a very bad Condition; and the Petitioners apprehend that such Defects would soon be remedied, and the Approaches to the City of London by the great Northern Road in particular would be effectually made good, to the great Advantage, not only of the said Parishes, but of the Public in general, if the said Governors and Directors of the Poor were enabled to new pave the fame, and to repair, and keep in Repair, from Time to Time, the same and the other Parts of the said Parishes, which are under the Care of the said Governors and Directors, as the same would be done in a more speedy and effectual, as well as less burthensome and expensive Manner, than by the Commissioners appointed by the Acts of Parliament now in Force: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Powers of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, by enabling and giving Powers to the present and future Governors and Directors of the Poor, for the Time being, of the said Parishes, to be elected pursuant to the said Act, to pave the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, and other open Passages, within so much of the said Parish of St. Andrew, which

lies above the Bars, and within the said Parish of St. George the Martyr, and to keep the same in Repair from Time to Time, and for making Provision for defraying the Expences thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Pownxtll, tec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record's.

Pernjr’* An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Bernard Perny, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Bernard Perny.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Motion re- A Motion was made, and (he Question being pro-spe&ng posed. That an humble Address be presented tq His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Di- ptul‘ reftions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters, or other Papers, containing any Intelligence received by either of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by any other of His Majesty’s Ministers, between the 12th Day of September 1769, and the 12th Day of September 1770, touching any Hostilities commenced, or designed to be commenced, by the Crown of Spain, or any of its Officers, against any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions, expressing the Time and Times at which such Intelligence was received;

And the previous Question being proposed. That that Question be now put;

The House was moved. That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the previous Question being put. That the Question proposed for the said Address be now put;

Vox.. 33.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.^W f*

, t i (Sir Charles

Telle* for the Nora,jMr

So it passed in the Negative.

j 101. ] 2*5-

And then the House adjourned till Td-morroiv Morning; Ten of the Clock.

Venerisi 23d die Novetnbris 5 Anno ix° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

(ORDERED, That all have Voices, Who come to Hoiborri the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rectors. Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors of the Poor, and other the Inhabitants of that Part of the-Parish of St. Andrew, Hoibdrn, which lies above the Bars, in the County of M and the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of therr.selves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Paddies, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do make the Coro, Sec. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction of Low WineS- and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for. a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt fora Time to be limited, was committed.

Sir Charles Whitivoitk accordingly reporte'd from tbp said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report iri his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Book presented Yesterday, con- Prices of taining an Account of the several Weekly Returns', Wheat» ic which have been made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, of the Prices of Wheat, Rye,

Barley, Oats, Beans, and Big, in PursuanCfc Of the DI-reftions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported, being the original Book kept for that Purpose, be returned to the Treasury.

Mr. Medley presented to the House, according to Or- Lowkfc der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and locioiuie. Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Bill for naturalizing Getatrd Portmati, was read st Penman’s Second Time'. *SM*-

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir Brook Bridges, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the)

Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.

24 23° — -26° N. 1770.

Tring Mr. P/umir presented to the House, according to Or-

Roads. tjcr^ a gjj tQ contjBue an(j render more effectual an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through

Hilchin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge, and from tile Well End of Well-bury Lane, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, , and

Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royston District of Roads, in the said Act particularly mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 26°;

Anno ii* Georgii III*’1 Regis, 1770.

: Prayers.

Ballingdon A BILL for enlarging the Term and Powers of Bridge \t\. an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of RowL His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Cust, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birmingham A Petition of Charles Colmore, Esquire, was presented Canal. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and completing a Cut, or Canal, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from a certain Field called Nezvhall Ring, and adjoining to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from such other Place of Places, in or near the said Town, as might be found most convenient to communicate with a Canal then making between the Rivers Severn and Trent, and such other Cuts as are. therein mentioned; and that great Part of the said Cut, dr Canal, has been made, and brought as far as certain Lands belonging to the Free School of the Town of Birmingham,

which is about Four hundred Yards short of the Field called Newhall Ring, the Property of the Petitioner; but the Cdmpany of Proprietors of the said Navigation have refused to complete the same, alleging that, although by the Act they are authorized, they are not required, so to do; and that, upon the Assurance given to the Petitioner, that his said Field should be one of the Terminations, of the said Cut, or Canal, he did give his Consent to the said Bill, which he should have refused to do, if he had not been induced to believe that the said Cut, or Canal, would have been made from or up to the said Field; and that, in case the said Company do;not complete the said Cut, or Canal, to the said Field called Newhall Ring, the Petitioner will be very materially injured in his Property: And therefore pray-

ing the Hotife, to take the same of the Petitioner into Consideration } and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to oblige the said Company to complete the said Cut, or Canal, agreeable to the Intention of the said Act, within a Time to be limited; or to allow the Petitioner to complete the same at his own Expence (the Land over.which the same ought to be made being his own Property, except about the Distance of Thirty >

Yards) or that the House will give him such other Relief in the Premises as shall appear just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Renton,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, Wiochester lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Paring. Passages within the City of Winchester, and al(b within the several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hyde Saint John's in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheesehill, Saint Swithin, and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of . the said City, and for preventing Nuisances arid Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rowlett,

Mr. Penton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Stratford principal Inhabitants, of Stratford upon Avon, in the Road. County of Warwick, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and

Freeholders, residing near unto the Roads herein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, through Dodwell Lane and Bidford, and over Salford Ford, in the said County of Warwick, into the Turnpike Road at Norton, leading to Evesham, in the County of Worcester, is in many Parts thereof very deep and ruinous, and in some Parts of the Year very inconvenient and dangerous, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall , appear so them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Skipwith, Sir Will’am Dolben, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Niue of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Slip*on thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands Inclosure. and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House. and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in their present Situation, and incapable of Improvement; and that it w'ould tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and indofed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, in Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

11 Geo. III. 26* — 2ib No. 2$

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pulteucy and Mr. Cornwall do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

C®rn, 4c. An ingrossed Bill to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bif-cuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Weflmmfter The House being informed that Mr. Seddon, from the

Accoumi. Commissioners for building a Bridge crol's the River Thames, from the City of , to the opposite

Shore, in the County of , attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridg, from the 5th Day of January

1770, to the 10th Day of October following; together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received from 5th July 1769, to 5th July 1770: And also,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 31st Day of January 1770, to the 21st Day of November following, in* clulive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Accounts, and State, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-

eth; viz.. '

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; by which it appeared, that the Term thereof is near expiring: And,

Mr. James Farm, being examined, said. That there is now owing on the Credit of the said Act the Sum of £. 1,450; which cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the Act is continued; and that some Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, to Greetabridge, and from thence to , in the North Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Clergy, BaGugfloke and others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Canal. Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the making a navigable Canal from the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Thames, would be of great public Utility; and that, by a Survey, it appears, -a navigable Canal may be made, from the Town of Bajingjioke, in the said County, through or near

the several Parishes of Eaflrop, Basing, upon Lod-

don, Bramly, Stratheld Sea, Szvallowfield,

Skinfield , Sunning, Hurst, Rufcomb, Laurence,

Shottifbrook, White Waltham, and Bray, to communicate with the Thames, in the County of Berks, near a Place called Monkey Island \ which will enable the Peti-

tioners, and others, to furnish Timber for the Service of the Navy, and also to supply the London Markets with Flour and Grain, at a cheaper Rate than they can do at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the said Town of Basingfloke to the River Thames, in the said County of Berks, near a Place called Monkey Island.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Henley, Mr. Ambler, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Reading Morning, Ten of the Clock. and Inhabitants, of the County of Berks, was presented Canal.

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are put to great Inconveniences and Expence, from the high Price of Carriage of all Sorts of Goods and Merchandize to and from the City of London, and also by the great Delay that is frequently occasioned by the Floods that happen in the River Thames, by which Means the Navigation is sometimes interrupted for a considerable Time together; and that the Petitioners have lately had a Survey made, in order for a navigable Canal to be cut frotp the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Monkey Island, in the same County,

®ow* QI R George Savile reported from the Committee, to and an Estimate of the Expence attending the fame; and Road. 0 whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in that the making such Canal will greatly reduce the Price Execution an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of the Carriage of Goods and Commodities of every of his late Majesty, for repairing the 1 Road leading from Kind, and will be of the greatest Advantage, not only the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to to the Petitioners, but to the Public in general: And Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North therefore praying. That I^eave may b$ given to bring in Riding of the County o* York, was referred; That the a Bill for that Purpose, in such Manner as the House Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- shall think fit.

tion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the pcared to them, to the House; and he read the Report Consideration of the Committee, to whom the preceding in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Vol. 33. H Matter

Mart is, 2 70 }

Anno n° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1770. Prayers.

*i6 2 70 Nove. A. 1770.

Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Lowick A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Inclosure. Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Lowick, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Medley, Mr. Pturner, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sliptoa Mr. Cornwall presented to the House, according to laclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tring A Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, Roads, paflej in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Hit chin, Baldock, and Royjto the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge, and from the West End of Lane, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, , Bedford, and Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royston District of Roads, in the said Act partial-larly mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Herbert, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petmfield A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-Road. unto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, redding near, or frequently travelling, the Roads herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of Peter sfield, in the County of Southampton, through the Villages of Langriflt and Bordean, over Old Down, through Bramdean, Hinton Ampner, and Harnham Lane, in the Parishes of Cheriton and and over Ganders Down, through Godwins Drove,

and Yalden's Drove, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Alresford. to the City of , and from the said Road on Old Down, through the Parish of field', to the Turnpike Road leading from Alton, to port, at the Hedge Corner in Rumfden Bottom, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Parts, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repair and widen the said Roads, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Herbert, he.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lockington A Petition of Sir Beaumont No:ham, Baronet, the laclosure. Reverend Thomas Coujlab/e, Clerk, Jonathan

Esquire, and the Reverend Clerk, and

others, whose Names arc subscribed, Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Carrs, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the Township of Lockington, in the County of York, there are certain Open and Un-inclosed Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Carrs, which are computed to contain, in the Whole, about Two Thousand Acres, Four Fifths of which are

computed to lie within the said Parish of Lockington, and the other Fifth within the Parish of in the said

County, contiguous thereto; and that within the adjoining Township or Hamlet of Ayke, in the same County, there are certain other Open and Uninclokd Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Carrs, which are computed to contain, in the Whole, about Three Hundred Acres, One Moiety whereof lies within the said Parish of Lockington, and the other Moiety in the Parish of St. John,- in Beverley, in the said County; and thac the said Fields, Lands, and Commons, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same Were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benciit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper. i

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac Mr. Hotham and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to whom Greenfield the Petition of the Creditors of the several Turnpike Rosdt. Roads herein after mentioned, as also of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners, and Occupiers, of Land, and other the Inhabitants residing near, or contiguous to, the Road branching out of the’

Turnpike, at Northop, in the County of and

extending itself through Flint and Holywell, by y Fordd Waen, to the Side of the Hill opposite Frith y Gdrreg Wen, called Pen y Geliy, in the Parish of Caerwys, in the County of Flint, and also of another Road from the Town of Mold, through Northop, and Halkin, to Holywell aforesaid, and the Road turning up out of the said last mentioned Road, near the House of Thomas Venables, under Brynford Hall, and Caidcott, to a Place on the Turnpike Road leading from Avon Wen to Halken, called Omen Gethin in the Parish of Skciving, in the said County, and likewise from Turn-

pike Gate under Mojlyn, to the Gate at the East End of the Lodge Field, in the Parish of L/anhafa, in the County of Flint, and from Mojlyn, over Llanerch Bridge, to Henllan, in the County of Denbigh, and from Brick-

hill, through Caerwys to Avon Wen aforesaid, and also from the Corner of Cae Neruydd, in the TownQiip of Tre Mojlyn, under Bichton, to a Place called Wibnant, in the same Parish of Whitford; and also from Veka, through Whitford to Sait hFynon, in the same Parish of Whitford, and likewise from Lanerchy More, by Dozening, to Pen y Fordd Waen, and from the Hill opposite Fry th y Garreg Wen, to Cae Rhus Bridge, being the Road leading from Mojlyn to Henllan aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his late Majesty, intituled,

"An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned, and the Road from Wrexham to Chester, and from thence to Pen Fordd y Waen, in the Parish of Whitford, and allb the Road from Broughton to Mold, in the County of Flint," was read; and also an Act of the 30th of his said late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending,- widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to Northorp, Holywell. and Rhudd/an, in the same County, and from thence to

the

11 Geo. III. 2j° Novembris.

the Ferry House opposite the Town of ,in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold," was also read; And,

William Lloyd, Esquire, proved to Your Committee, That the Trustees for putting the First-mentioned Act into Execution, were desirous that the Road branching out of the Chester Turnpike at Nor-thorp, extending itself through Flint and Holywell, by Pen y Fordd Waen, which is at present under their Di rest ion, should be put under the Direction of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 9th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of and from Mofiyn to Henllan, and from Llanerchy to

Pen y Fordd Waen, in the Counties of and Denbigh: — And that the Trustees for putting the Act of the 30th Year of his late Majesty in Execution, were also desirous ♦hat the Road from the Town of Mold, through thorp and Halkin, which is at present included in their Act, should be likewise put under the Direction of the Trustees for putting in Execution the said last mentioned Act of the 9th of His present Majesty.

And the Witness further said. That the Road tt> the Side of the Hill opposite Frith y Garreg Wen, called Pen y Geliy, in the Parish of Caerwys, in the County of Flint, and the Road turning up out of the Road from the Town of Mold, through Northorp and Halkin, to Holy-well, near the House of Thomas Venables, under Bynford Hall and Caulcot Hall, to a Place on the Turnpike Road from Avon Wen to Halkin, called Onnen Gathin, in the Parish of Skeiving, and to the Gate at the East End of the Lodge Field, in the Parish of Llanhafa, and from Brickhi/l,through Caerwys, to Avon Wen, in the Parish of Skeiving, in the County of Flint, and also from the Corner of Cae Newydd, in the Township of Tie Mofiyn, under Bichton, to a Place called Wibnant, in the Parish of Whitford, and also from Phis Ucha, through Whitford, to Saith Fynon, in the Parish of Whitford, and from the Hill opposite Frith y Garreg Wen, to Cae Bridge, on the Road leading from Mofiyn to Henllan, are too narrow, and in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the repairing the same would be of public Utility: That the Trustees under the Act of the 9th of His present Majesty, are willing to take all the above mentioned Roads under their Direction, but that they are not able, during the subsistingTcrm of the said Act, sufficiently to repair the fame, and repay the Money already due on the Credit of the said Act: — That the said Act has in several Instances been found defective, particularly for the Want of a Reservation of Minerals to the Proprietors of Lands to be purchased for the Purpose of turning or altering the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mofiyn, and from Mofiyn to Henllan, and from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y Fordd Waen, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh; and for extending the said Act to several other Roads in the said Counties; and for taking several Roads within the said Counties out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament", of the 29th and 30th Years of his late Majesty, and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act: And that Mr. Tudway and Mr. Mackworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Smborough The House being informed that Ralph Bell, Esquire,

El;6ioo. who is returned in the Double Return for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of desires not to

contest the Matter of the Election or Return for the said Borough, with Sir ‘James Pennyman, Baronet, and that Voi. 33.

the said Sir James Pennyman thereupon desires to withdraw his Petition complaining of the said Election and Double Return;

Ordered, That the said Sir James Pennyman have Leave to withdraw his laid Petition,:

Ordered, That the Order made upon the

15th Day of this Instant November, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon that Day Fortnight, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the Double Return for the Borough of Scarboin the County of York; and amend the fame, by taking oft the File the Indenture by which Ralph Bell, Esquire, is returned.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Criminal of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to Capital Laws. Offences; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir William Meredith, Sir Charles Bunbury, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Li- Southwark mits extending from Ea.fi Mouldfey, in the County of Sewers. Surrey, to Ravensborne, in the County of Kent, acting

under a Commission ifl'ued in the First Year of His present Majesty, by virtue of an Act of Parliament of the 23d Year of King Henry the Eighth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Sotcthwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes, it is Enacted, That in case of the repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, within the Limits described. in the said Act, Notice is to be given to the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, or to their Surveyor or Clerk, who are to cause the same to be repaired, and the Expences thereof are to be paid to the said Commissioners, who are to be reimbursed by the

7 J

Commissioners of Sewers; and the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty are further impoweretl to turn the Course of Gutters, to alter or repair Grates, to make new ones, to make new Sewers, or to repair, alter, cleanse, or empty the old Sewers, at their Discretion, the Expences of all which Works are directed to be defrayed by the Petitioners; and in case of Nonpayment, the said Commissioners are empowered to bring an Action or Actions at Law, against the Petitioners Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, for recovering such Sums as shall have been expended for the Purposes aforesaid; and that a Bill has accordingly been delivered to the Petitioners Clerk, for the aforesaid Works, amounting to upwards of £. 700, and an Action at Law is already brought against the said Clerk, for recovering £.548, Part of the said Demand, which is still depending; and representing to the House, That, by their Commission, they are not im-powered to raise Money for the Purposes described in the said Act, which are calculated for a local Advantage only, and inconsistent with the Nature of their Commission, which extends over aconsiderable Part of the Counties of Surrey and Kent-, and that, should such a Power be vested in the Petitioners, it would be extremely injurious to the Property of every Person within their ex'-tensive Jurisdiction, except of those who are comprized within the Limits of the said Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty: And therefore praying. That the Clauses in the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Commission of Sewers under which the Petitioners aft, may be repealed, or that they may be enabled, by a local Tax, to raise Money to discharge

the

8 27° — ^8° N. . 1770.

the Expefices incurred under the Authority of the said Act, or be otherwise relieved in the Premises, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Joseph See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

'Quieting Notice being taken, that the Bill to explain so much bubjeAx Qf an mat|e in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Manor of East Greenwich, in the County of , or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the fame

therein mentioned, which was presented to the House upon Thursday lait, and then read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, is not effectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended;

Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday last, for the Second Reading of the said Bill, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Biff.

And the same was withdrawn accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign l>f King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Manor of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the l’recinft, District, or Liberty, of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the same therein mentioned: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dunning, and Mr. Jack-Jon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Reversal of The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Outlawries. Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King

and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King’s Bench, and for the more ealy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,'| } 7*-

Tellers for the Noes, j ${.<££‘1 1 ,6+‘

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28* die N,

Anno ii° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the c|yde. House, and read; Reciting Part of an Act made in the Navigation. Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for male* ing and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Firth, or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River Catron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth, or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Burn-

foot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of and for

making a navigable Cut or Canal, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowjlounness, to join th6 said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the of Forth; and Setting forth, That great Progress 4ias already been made in making that Part of the said Cut or Canal, from the Firth, or River of Forth, near the Mouth of the River of Carr on, to Dollator; and that the Petitioners have discovered, that, by continuing the Course or Tract of the said Cut or Canal, horn Dollator Bog, to or near Inchbelly Bridge, to or near EaJler Calder, to or near Calder Church, to or near GloberhiU, to or near Bladardy Hill, to or near Three Part Mill Dam, and to the Firth, and River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, and the said collateral Cut, from the main Canal, passing by Stockingfield, to or near a Place called Thumble Field, to or near Cowcadens, to or near the Townhead of the City of Glasgow, and to the River Clyde, at or near the Broomielaw of Glasgozv, instead of carrying on the same as directed by the said Act, will be more beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of thelc Kingdoms, particularly in bringing the said main Canal several Miles nearer to the City of Glasgow; and that the same can be accompli (lied as effectually, and at much thp like Expence, as the other Line or Course in the said Act mentioned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize such Alterations accordingly, and for explaining, amending, and altering the said Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty, in such Manner as may be otherwise necessary for the more effectual carrying the same into Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dundas, Mr. See.:

And they are to meet T°-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Roger Pickering, Esquire, and others, Rilflon whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to Inclosure. the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Township of Rilflon, in the West Riding of the County of York, Four Undivided Stinted Pastures for the depasturing of Cattle, commonly called and known by the Names of The North Moor, Longhill, Bark, and Garforth CloJ'e, containing by Estimation, 769 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners, and others, are respectively entitled to Cattlegates on the said Four Stinted Pastures, some or one of them; and that the same are not, in their present Situation, capable of any Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were divided and inclosed, and specilic Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners and others interested therein, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Petitioners, and be of public Utility:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to 2 bring

ii Geo. III. 28 — 29*

bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Four Stinted Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Anthony Abdy and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Good n’« Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to

Fa-ids whom the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of

Fating. t|jC several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in that Part of s

Fields (being Part of the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Fames, in the County of Middlesex, and City of London) which lies is the Parish of Saint Mary , other-

wife Whitechapel', in the said County of Middlesex, and also of the Inhabitants of Red Lion and White Lion , in the said Parish, lying contiguous to the said Fields, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. George Wyatt, Surveyor, being examined, said, That the said Streets and other Places are very ill paved, and the Passages through the same greatly obstructed by Incroachments and Annoyances.

That it would be advantageous to the Inhabitants, and Persons resorting to the said Parish, if the same were properly paved, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions removed.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Edward Hawkins and Mr. Abraham Winterbottom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other Public Passages, in that Part of Goodman's Fields which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of and also Red Lion Street, and White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Burrell, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Quieting Mr. Jackson presented to the House, according to Or-SubjetU. der, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectualan Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Manor of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the fame, therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Scarborough The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according £lc&oo. to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, by taking off the File the Indenture by which Ralph Bell, Esquire was returned.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His M;ycfty;

VOL. 33.

Novembris. 29

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker relbmed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the lamci

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move* That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Corn, to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn,

Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and alto of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time, and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Peroy*s for Naturalizing Bernard Perny; without any Amend- Nm‘ ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

f 1 ‘ - V . — , z-' "7* , 1 , T*

Jovisy 2 90 die Novembris j

Anno n° Georgii III,< Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

F EWIS Benjamin Crinfoz took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly- Royal Assent neux. Gentleman Ulherof the Black Rod: __ to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to One Public and One Private Bill following; viz.

An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt, for a limited Time:

An Act for Naturalizing Bernard Perny.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile be added to the Gen- Locklngton tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Indofore. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir Beaumont Hot ham , Baronet, the Reverend Thomas Conflab/e,

Clerk, Jonathan Midgley, Esquire, and the Reverend Robert Midgley, Clerk, and others, whose Names are subscribed. Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Carrs, thereinafter mentioned.

Thanes

A Petition of John, Robert, James, and William Adam, Pmhtnlc-

1 *nd meat.

30

and James Taint, Architects, Dorothy Widow,

Clementina Paufou, Widow, and , Coal

Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That the Course of the Thames forms a large Bend* or Angle, round the Surrey Shore, between Westminster bridge and the New Bridge at Black; in

the Middle of which Bend, the said River is so much wider than at either of the said Bridges, as tends to weaken v the Rapidity of the Stream, and thereby contributes to that Accumulation of Mud and Silth on the Side, and that very extensive Sand Bank on the other, so long and so generally complained of; and that the Navigation of the said River is greatly impeded by the said Sand Bank, especially at Low Water, whilst the Mud and Silth, so collected on the North Shore, renders the Access to the Wharfs and Grouti|ds on that Side very difficult, and in some Parts of the Tide impassable, to the manifest Iryury of the Public, as well as private Detriment of the Proprietors of the said Wharfs and Grounds; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Navigation might be greatly improved, and the said Nuisances and Inconveniences considerably diminished, by an Embankment of the North Part of the River, within the Bay or Hollow of the said Bend, which, by advancing the unequal and irregular Fronts of the said Wharfs and Grounds into an uniform Curve, would give a proper Direction to the Stream, and, by narrowing the unnecessary Width of its Bed in this Part, would considerably deepen the Channel of the River; and that the Petitioners, having very valuable Freehold and Leasehold Interests in the Houses, Wharfs, and Grounds, in Durham Yard, Salisbury SCecil and Beaufort Buildings, next adjoining to the said River, are willing to execute such Embankment, in the Front of their re-fpcftive Properties, at their own Expence: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing them to take in, indole, and embank, so 'much and such Part of the said River, in such Manner, upon such Terms and Conditions, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George , Mr. Ed-

monstone, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

petersfield Mr. Jolliffe reported from the Committee, to whom Road. the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; George Durnford, Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Road mentioned in the Petition: That it is in many Places narrow, and in a ruinous Condition; and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from over

Old Down, to the Turnpike Road leading from ford to Winchester, and from the said Road, on Old Down, to the Gosport Turnpike Road in Rumfden Bottom, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Jolliffe and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1-7701

A Bill for naturalizing Llwis Benjdmin Crinfoz, was Crinfcfe’s read a Second Time. at’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, the Earl of CatheHough, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Lockirgt Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fseveral Open indolun-Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Carrs, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the several Townships of Lockington and Ayke, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Right of Common or Average upon certain ancient Inclosures within the said Township of Lockington: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- windhester mittee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, repair- Paving. ing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Passages within the City of Winchester, and also within the several Parishes of Bartholomew

Hyde, Saint John’s in the Soke, Saint Peter's Saint Swithin, and Saint Michael in the Wef Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, is committed.

Mr. Tudway presented to the House, according to Or- Greenfield der, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Ro»d». by an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mojlyn, and from Mostyn to Henllan, and from Llanerch y Morto Pen y Forddin the Coun-

ties of Flint and Denbigh, and for extending the said Act to several other Roads in the said Counties, and for taking several Roads within the said Counties out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament, of the 29th and 30th Years of his late Mi* jesty, and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom Stratford the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and oa principal Inhabitants, of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, redding near unto the Roads therein after mentioned, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-tion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as. followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; William Hunt, Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Road mentioned in the Petition: That it is in many Parts in a ruinous Condition, and liable to be overflowed: That some Statute Labour has been done on it; but that if the Whole was done, he does not think it would be sufficient to put the Road into good Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warzuick, to the Evesham Turnpike Road, at Norton, in the County of Worcester: And that Mr. Skipwith and the Earl of Catherlough do j repare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account

count orderrd*

29* Novembris.

11 Geo. III. 2q° Novenlbris — 31

count of the Quantity of Whalebone and Oil imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, from the ift of January 1768, as far as the fame can be made up; di-stinguishing the several Quantities imported from, and exported to, each Place.

Salted Beef, The House was moved. That an Act made in the last Pork, &c. Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the Britishi Dominions in America, for a limited Time,

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act of the Sth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for a further ^ime: And that the Lord Clare, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Pennant, Colonel Barre, Mr. Ellis, and Mr. Brickdale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Qoietintr A Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the

Subjects Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in tie Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the intituled, An Act for the genera] Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Manor of East , in the County of Kent, or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the lame, therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, the Sixth Day of December next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Adjourn. Resolved, That this House will, af the Riling of the ®ent* House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Refotvefl, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed, for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, including Eight thousand and Seventy-three Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man, per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Forty thousand Men be employed, for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, including Eight thousand and Seventy-three Marines.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being Vot. 33.

read a Second Time, was; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways *d4 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given so bring in a Bill for Mariners the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in *nd . His Majesty’s Shi|)s of War, and on board Merchant ean,e* Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And that the Lord North, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir Edward Hawke,

Mr. Buller, the Lord Palmerflon, Sir Charles Whitworth,

Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Spain'.' posed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters, or other Papers, containing any Intelligence received by either of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by any other of His Majesty’s Ministers, before the 12th Day of September 1770, touching the State of the Spanish Land and Sea Foraes, in the West Indies, as they stood on or since the 1 ft Day of June 1769; and also, touching the Departure of any Ships of War or Land Forces, from the Ports of Spain, for any Part of the Spanish West Indies, since the said ill Day of June 1769, expressing the Time and Times at which such Intelligence was received;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the House do now adjourn j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j p0K. },4-

fMr. Thomas Townshend,

Tellers for the Noes, < Junior, \ 43.

fMr. Cornwall: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative;

And the House accordingly adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lurne, 30 die Decembris;

Anno ii* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

SIR Charles Whitworth presented to the House, aC- WdtmioUter cording to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more raving, effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, clean-ling, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Crinfo the Bill for naturalizing Lewis Benjamin , was N»i

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Penruddock presented to the House, according to Devise* Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ron.

6 Act

3 2 3° Decembris, 1770.

Act made in the Twenty-Fourth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from West vington to The Devizes, and from The Devizes to

in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the Kirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Salted Beef, Ordered, That Mr. Thralt be added to the Gentlemen, fork, Ac. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

Whitechapel Mr. Serjeant Glynn presented to the House, according Paving. Order, a E.ll for better paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary otherwise

Whitechapel, which lies in the County of and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Spernal Alh A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold-°a<*' ers, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening*the Road from Spernal Ash, in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Trustees were impowered by the said Act to borrow, on Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the Sum of £. 3,000 only, which they havfc already taken up at Interest; and that, although they have expended the fame, and the Tolls hitherto collected, in amending the said Road, erecting a Bridge over a Brook called Wajhford, for the Safety of Travellers in Times of Flood, and in answering other Purposes of the said Act, yet several Parts of the said Road still remain unrepaired, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, nor can the Money so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave ' may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by the said Act of Parliament, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl of Catherlougk, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Greenfield an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Roa«l». for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn, and from Mofiyn to and

from Llanerchy Mor to Penn y Waen, in the

Counties of Flint and Denbigh, and for extending the said Act to several other Roads in the said Counties, and for taking several Roads within the said Counties out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament, of the 29th and 30th Years of his late Majesty, and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Lockingtoa Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Carrs, and other Inclosure. Uninclosed Grounds, within the several Townships of Lockington and Ayke, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Right of Common or Average upon certain ancient Inclosures within the said Township of Lockington, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Mr. Tudway, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Slipton Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, Inclosure. within the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -ney. Sir George Osborn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Bonington presented to the House, pursu- Army ant to their Address to His Majesty, 1 Estimates.

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1770, to 24th December 1771, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Change of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1770, to the 24th December 1771, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establilliments of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded , from 25th December 1770, to 24th December 1771, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days. \ 'f

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation proposed to be made to His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1771.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth j viz.

ESTIMATE

11 Geo. III.

3° Decentbrii.

33

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Latid Forces in Great from the 25th December 1770 to the 24th December 1771, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days.

*ay of the Troops

Numbers. and Regiments for 305 Days.

(First Troop of Life Guards - -

Second Ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -

Third Ditto - -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons - -

Earl of Panmuri's -

Earl of Albemarle's -

Major General Carpenter's -

General Cholmondeley'% - -

Lieutenant General -

Sir John Mordaunt's - -

v Marquis of Lothian's - -

Dragoons.

Light ( Lieutenant General Eliott's -Dragoons. \ Colonel Burgoy tie's - -

Foot.

First Regiment of Foot Guards - - -Cold ft ream Regiment of Foot Guards -Third Regiment of Foot Guards -

Sir Jeffery Amherst's Regiment of Foot Lieutenant General -

Major General Rufane's - -

Lord Robert Bertie’s -

Lieutenant General A'Court's - -

Colonel Holham's -

Lieutenant General Monckton's - -

Major General Grime's - - - - <

Colonel Hale's -

Lieutenant General Gage's - -

Lieutenant General - -

Lieutenant General Parjlow’s - -

Earl Cornwallis's -

Colonel Fletcher CampbelPs -

Lieutenant General Gray's -

Major General Cary's -

Major General Lambart's -

_ . f Lieutenant General Parker's Regiment

Imai s. Twenty Independent Companies - -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle - Contingencies upon Account - -

181

181

177 176

3*9

Total -

345 231 231 231 231 231 231 231 231 231 231

231

231

,649

,058

,038

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

482

1,040

War Ostice, 3d December 1770.

1,034

17.605

17.605 10,870

10,743

26,054

3 4

18

o

18

2»6 5.

462

1 *993

18,878 2 1

12,896 l3 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 J3 4

12,896 4

12,896 3 4

12,896 *3 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 »3 4

12,896 *3 4

12,896 *3 4

! 12,896 !3 4

12,896 13 4

45,980 *7 6

29,759 13 4

29,814 8 4

l0»773 11 8

1 °»7 7 3 11 8

IO>773 11 8

10,919 11 8

to,773 11 8

IO»773 11 8

1 °»773 11 8

1 °»7 73 11 8

10»773 II 8

10»7 73 11 8

IO»773 11 3

1 °> 7 7 3 11 8

1 °»7 7 3 11 8

IO’773 11 8

IO»773 11 8

10,773 II 8

IO»7 73 11 8

3i

9,3 36 7 11

118,067 2 1 10 —

32,218 16 —

17,666

20,000 —

Total.

82,879 6 8

147,844 15 3

25,793 6 8

288,851 17 6

27,403 17 11 52,218 16 —

£.624,992 — 2

Barrington.

Vol. 53.

estimate

34

3° DecembnSi

T. 1770*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in t|le pi > 4

Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December t and including, those lit

five, being 365 Days. 0 24th December 1771, both Days inclu-

Lieutenant General IVebb's Regiment of Foot Lieutenant General Sand ford's -

Major General Keppel's

Major General Gisborne's -

Sir John Sebright's -

Major General Mack ay's ——

Major General Scott's -

Major General Evelyn's ——

Lieutenant General Oughton's -

Lieutenant General Leighton's -

Major General Pierson's -

Lieutenant General Cl aver inf s -

Major General Owen's -

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - -

Colonel Pomeroy's ——

Major General Urmston's -

Lord Adam Gordon's -

Lieutenant General Lambton's -

Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps -

Garrisons in North America, wz. Montreal, S'

Augustine, Pensacola, Mobille, and Carolina - -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Halifax, Placentia, S' John's in Newfoundland, S' John's island.

Providence, and Bermudas ——

Garrisons in the Islands of Grenada, S' Vincent, Dominique, and Tobago -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America - -

Contingencies upon Account -

MINORCA.

Duke of Argyll's ad Battalion -

Major General Murray's Regiment -

Lord George Lennox's -

Earl of Eglington's ——

Officers of the Garrison, i£c.

R.

G I B R A L Colonel Clinton's Regiment of Foot -Colonel Boyd’s -

Colonel Walsh's -

Colonel Cunninghame's - -

Officers of the Garrison, tec.

srovisions for Fifteen Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, &c. deducting 21 d.per Diem from each Non-comnxiffioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government - - - -Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar - - - -Provisions for the Regiments in the Ceded Islands Provisions for Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps serving in Africa, deducting i\d. per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government -

Total -

War Office, 3d December 1770.

Numb

er*.

484

484!

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

48

484I

969

484|

48

484j

4S4

214

484

484

484'

484!

484

484

484

484

9»4x

Pav of the ReRi. ments, for 365 Days.

°’773 I I 8

°’/73 I I 8

°’/73 I I 8

o773 I I 8

-773 1 I 8

O773 1 1 8

°’773 I I 8

°’773 I I 8

°’773 I I 8

°>773 I I 8

°’773 1 I 8

-773 M 8

’773 11 8

2 1 >802 l3 4

‘°’773 11 8

,°’773 11 8

°’773 11 8

lo’773 11 8

4,170 z 6

’936

’936

‘3,28

1

11 11 1 x

22>H2

21

>520

9.752

2>32I

*°’773 I I S

°,773 I I 8

n773 1 I 8

°’773 I I 8

3

9

6

Total.

209,123 14 2

3’558 J5 —

3,044----

2,786

9>5 7 2 4,000

3

2

4

6

42,838

5,890

16

8

9

9

'7;

xoi

43,094 6

3*749 12

8

3

55>836 *5

383.494 9 5r

Barrington.

ESTIMATE

11 Geo. III.

3° Decembris.

35

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the and Establishments of Five

Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the Ifleof at , Minorca, and the Ceded {Hands,

from 25th December 1770 to 24th 'December 1771, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Duke of Argyll s 1 ft Battalion, according to the British Establishment -

Paid by Ireland for this Battalion ——

Difference -

Lieutenant General Montagu's Regiment, the same -

Major Genfcral Gore's, the same ——

Lieutenant General Colvin's, the same - -- -- --Major General Trapaud's, the same -

Four Companies of Lord John Murray's Regiment, with the usual Staff Officers -

Paid by Ireland for these Companies -

Difference -

Total -

Numbers. Pay for 365 Days. Difference.

484 10,773 11 8

9>94i 7 3

- 832 4 5

484 - 832 4 5

484 832 4 5

484 m a 832 4 5

484 - 832 4 -5

213 4,512 19 2

4,15° 8 7

372 10 7

2,633 - - - £.4,533

War Office, 3d December 1770.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation proposed to be made to His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1771.

s Numbers. Pay for 365 Days. Total.

An Augmentation to Lieutenant General Mojlyn's Regiment of Dragoon Guards ---- ---- To Earl fiPaldtgrave's Regiment of Dragoon Guards - - -To Nine Regiments of Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons more of the like Numbers ------- To Two Regiments of Light Dragoons - ---- An Additional Company of Light Infantry to each of the 44 81 54 . 486 264 885 2,669 1 3 I»779 7 6 16,014 7 6 8,760 — — 29,222 16 3

Battalions of Foot - -- - - -An Augmentation to the Battalions of Foot - > - - -An Augmentation to the Regiment, and 20 Independent Companies of Invalids - -- Total - - - 2,332 8,800 580 11,711 I2>597 48,849 3 4 107,066 13 4 6,174 11 8 162,090 8 4 £.191,313 4 7

War Office, 3d December 1770.

- Barrington.

Vol. 33.

Ordered,

Ordnance

Estimate*

3<S

3° Decembris.

A. 1770.

Ordered, That thtf said Estimates do lid upon the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. for the Year 1771, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Mr. Cocks presented to the House, pursuance to theif The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Address to His Majesty,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1771.

LAND SERVICE.

and incident Charges - - - - -f Gibraltar and North Britain Minorca - -

S' John's, Ferryland, Trinity Harbour, and

Placentia, in Newfoundland East Florida

Pay of Civil Officers and ( West Florida Artificers at

Grenada, Sl Vincent, and Tobago, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council, 5 January 1770 - -

Quebec ——

New York ——

Senegal and Senegambia -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 1791 Men, Officers included ——

Augmentation to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 1,041 Men, Officers included, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 3 December 1770 ---- - 24,889 19 2

Deduced for Officers and Men, to be taken from

Halfpay, Invalids, and Garrison Gunners - - 7.234 10 8

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich ——

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of Master Gunners and Gunners of the several Garrisons in Great Britain ——

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the IVef India Islands ——

Pay of an Inspecftor and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his Services, till such Time as he shall be entitled to the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel in the Regiment of Artillery - -- -- --To Lieutenant General William Belfordfor his good Services - - -To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services ——

To Lieutenant Colonel William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging -

To Colonel Thomas Defaguliers, for his extraordinary Services at the Siege of Palais in Belleifle, and upon several Expeditions - -

To Captain Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions - -- --Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, North America,

Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Halfpay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions ——

EXTRAORDINARIES.

For repairing the For- {Gibraltar....

tifications, Barracks, Minorca

Storehouses, andcar S‘Johns, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity rvmgonthe current J-- ’ - ’ J

Service at - - »

Harbour in Newfoundland - ~

L St d.

36,256 ii 6

1,047 5 T

1,297 2 6

1,099 11 3

657 —

9O7 5 — '

1 I»534 2 —

843 10 —

310 5 "

1,113 5 - j

8>395‘

58,342 4 2

17,655 8 6

L34 5 —

867 5 —

5,648 7 6

45 6 5 — {

365 —

9i 5 —

328 ,°- i |

273 \ 15 —

365 -

456 5 —

365 T

10,020 12 I 1

6,435 12 6

3,230 -

500 — —

i.

150,129 — 6

For

i i Geo. III.

3° Decembris.

For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland ——

Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at Sheerness -

Towards inclosing and fortifying the Dock Yard at and for keeping in Repair the Fortifications at and -

Towards carrying on the Building of a new Powder Magazine at Priddy's Hard, near Portsmouth Harbour ——

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel, and S'

Nicholas island ——

Towards improving and strengthening the Fortifications at Gibraltar, according to Plans approved by His Majesty, the Charge whereof is estimated at £.51,126 ——

Towards building Barracks for Two Battalions of Foot at

and removing the Arraval at S' Philip’s in that Island, estimated at £. 12,986. 8. pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 26 November 1770-For repairing Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, £. s. d. and Hospitals, in the Islands of Grenada, S' Vin- ( 20

cent, and Tobago, according to Estimates received f, J"

from the proper Officers .....)

Also the Charge of erecting Batteries for the De- )

fence of the Island of S' Vincent, pursuant to His > 7,450-

Majesty’s Order, 15 November 1770 - - - - j Iron Ordnance and Stores, with Arms and Ammunition for Two Regiments of Foot and One Troop of Horse, to be sent for the Security and Defence of Dominica, Grenada, and the other Ceded Islands, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, the 15th November 1770 Brass Howitzers, with Stores and Carbines, to be sent for the Security and Defence of the Island of Jersey, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council, 19 March 1765 ——

Demands of Stores for the Island of Minorca, to complete the allotted Proportion ——

For a further Supply of Ordnance and Stores demanded by the proper Officers, for the better Security and Defence of Gibraltar -

Towards fortifying and securing the Harbour of S' John’s Newfoundland ——

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre ——

Expence of Services performed pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1770.

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova Scotia, from r January to 31 December 1770, and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for carrying on the current Service -

Pay of Officers and fupemumerary Men of the Royal Regiment of Artillery at the Ceded Islands, from 1 January to 31 December 1770, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 25 June 1766 -

Pay of superannuated Officers and Invalids, with a Pension to an Engineer’s Widow, between 1 January and 31 December 1770 - - -Arms delivered to the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards, the First Troop of Horse Guards, the Regiments of Light Dragoons, the Tenth Regiment of Dragoons, and to sundry Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 6 March and 9 December x 769; 15, 22, and 26 Januaryj 6, 8, and 20 February; 12 and 27 March’, 13 April’,21 May,9 August; 15 September; and 27 October 1770 -An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 9 April and 21 May 1770 ——

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Essex, Flint, Cornwall, Carmarthen, Somerset, Surrey, Suffolk, and Worcester, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 4 November and az December 1769; 8, 9, and 20 February, 7 March \ z and 16 April j and 6 October 1770 ——

Ammunition delivered to Forty-one Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 18 May 1763 -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Paymasters of the Trains of Artillery in North America, on Account of the Staff and Contingencies, for 1770 ——

Money issued for carrying on the current Service, and Contingencies at

New York -Quebec -. -East Florida West Florida

L - _

970 i| 9

346

*.53*

*7 9

2,500-----

1,000-----

11,000-----

2,500 — 50b —

10,000-----

4,000-----

13>843 2 —

8,812 10 5

1,210 4 ti 6,371 9 7

20,051 17 —

8.000 -

9.000 ‘ ~

M74 2 6

663 i 8

294 9 7

7»732 1 4

482 II 2

10,003 14 5 *948 7 S

4 13 —

3>47<* 3 $

Vol. 33.

L

37

108,954 l6 j 259,074 l6 11

Money

38

3° Decembris.

Money issued to pay for flic building and repairing Barracks, Hospitals, and Storehouses in the Ceded I (lands, and for defraying the contingent Charges there ——

Money issued towards carrying on a Survey of the Island of Dominica, and making Plans for the Defence, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, 13 February and 9 Marth 1770 ——

Money issued to answer Bills drawn on Account of building a Wall to inclose the Powder Magazine at Jamaica -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn on Account of repairing the Fortifications and Barracks at Senegal and Senegambia

Saved by the vacant Polls of Master General, Secretary, Under Secretary, and Clerk to the Master General, for Half a Year, ending 30 September 1770 ——

1770.

1,906 6 — ’

i>354 4 4

937 7 8

1,934 18 —

3^433 — 7

99°----

------ 35*443 — 7

£ 294»5X7 *7 6

H. S. C

Charles Frederick. A.

IV. R.

Cha* Cocks.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Silted Beef, Mr- 7'hrale presented to the House, according to Or-Pork.&c.* der, a Bill to continue for a further Time, a tv Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, iii-tituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the Dominions in Ame~ rica, for a limited Time: And the feme was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday the 24th Day of January next.

Southwark Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com-Scwcn. mittee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of

Sewers for the Limits extending from East in

the County of Surrey, to in the County of

Kent, acting under a Commission issued in the First Year of His present Majesty, by virtue of an Act of Parliament of 'the 23d Year of King Henry the 8th, is referred.

Wa % Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House >n<! to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

6

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the several Quantities of Salted Beef, Pork, ordered. Bacon, and Butter, imported from and

from the First Day of January 1769, as far as the same can be made up.

1A Petition of Thomas Rumbo/d,of Hill Street, Berkley New Square, in the* County of Middlesex, Esquire, was pre- Shoreham fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the ®e on* last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, John Purling, Esquire, William James, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner was then duly elected, by a very great Majority of the legal Voters of the said Borough; the Number of Persons who had Right to vote, that polled at the Election, being in the Whole 128, of which 87 gave their Voices for . the Petitioner, 37 for the said John Purling, and for the said William James; and that, notwithstanding this Majority in the Petitioner’s Favour, which gave him a Right to be returned as duly elected for the said Borough, Hugh Roberts, the Constable and Returning Officer, who presided at the said Election, after having entered upon the Poll the Names of all the Persons who gave their Voices for the Petitioner, and after having administered to them the Bribery Oath (which they fe- . verally took) in Contempt of the Duty of his Office, did, arbitrarily and illegally, and without any Cause, but the wicked Partiality of his own Mind, declare the Votes given in Favour of the Petitioner to be illegal, and returned the said John Purling as the Person duly elected to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough, in manifest Defiance of the Statutes requiring fair and free Election, and to the grievous Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House, to give him such Relief as the Nature of his same requires, and to inflict such Pu-nifoment upon the said Hugh Roberts, the Returning Officer, as the Enormiry of his Guilt requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Seven night, the 1 ith Day of this Instant December, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

, ——

39

11 Geo. III. 30, — 40

Memorandum:

The following Notices were lent to Thomas -bold, and John Purling, Esquires, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Luna, 30 die Decembris 1770.

Ordered, That Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 1 ith Day of this Instant , at Two of the

Clock in the Afternoon.

Cl. Dorn. Com.

Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, having this Day presented his Petition, complaining. That at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of which came on the 26th

Day of November la Purling, Esquire,

William James, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner was then duly elected by a great Majority of the legal Voters of the said Borough j the Number of Persons who had a Right to vote, that polled at the Election, being in the Whole 128, of which 87 gave their Voices for the Petitioner, 37 for the said John , and for the said William James; and that, notwithstanding this Majority in the Petitioner’s Favour, which gave him a Right to be returned as duly elected for the said Borough, Hugh Roberts, the Constable and Returning Officer, who prdided at the said Election, after having entered upon the Poll, the Names df all the Persons who gave their Voices for the Petitioner, and after having administered to them the Bribery Oath, which they severally took, in Contempt of the Duty of his Office, did, arbitrarily and illegally, and without any Cause, but the wicked Partiality of his own Mind, declare the Votes given in Favour of the Petitioner to be illegal, and returned the said John Purling as the Person duly elected to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough, in manifest Defiance of the Statutes requiring fair and free Election, and to the grievous Injury of the Petitioner; and the House having appointed Tomorrow Seven-night, the 1 ith Day of this Instant at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration, You are therefore to take Notice, That the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, this 3d Day of December 1770.

Flr Norton, Speaker.

To Thomas Rumbold, Esquire.

The like Notice to John Purling, Esquire.

Mariner* Mr. Jenkinfonpresented to the House, according to »"d Order, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Sea-seamen. mcn^ tQ serve jn His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Decem; Anno ii° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1770.

Praters.

A BILL for the better Supply of Mariners and Mariners Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships SeMnen* and Vessels, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, rT)a?x the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Lewis Benjamin crinfox* Crinfoz, was read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Betijamin Crinfoz.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Earl of Catherlough reported from the Committee, spereal Atk to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Road, holders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament paired in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal , in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of whose

Names are also thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read i and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act*was produced, and read: And,

Mr. Thomas Haynes, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have borrowed ,£.3,000, the Sum they were limited to by the Act, and have applied the same towards repairing the said Road, which is still very bad in many Places, and cannot be completely repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the Act are continued and enlarged, and the Trustees empowered to borrow a further Sum of Money: — And he produced a Book kept by the Clerk to the said Trustees, whereby it appeared, that the whole of the Money borrowed remains unpaid} and that the Treasurer has expended £.300 and upwards more than he has received on Account of the Trust.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terra and Powers of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal in the County of Warwick, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham: And that the Earl of Catherlough, the Lord Beauchamp, and Mr. Skipwith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 33.

A Peti-

40 4 ° Decembris. 1770.

Aytefbury A Petition of Sir Herbert Perroti Baronet,

inclosuic. Lord of the Manor of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, Sir William Lee, Baronet, Lessee of the Great Tithes, Deci-mus Reynolds, Clerk, Vicar, and the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Common Fields of Aylesbury aforesaid, in the County of Bucks, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the TownQiip and Liberty of aforesaid, there are

several Open and Common Fields, containing about Seventeen hundred Acres of Arable, Pasture, Meadow, and other Commonable Lands, over which the Petitioners and other Proprietors thereof have Right of Common at certain Times, and a certain and determinate Stint, exclusive of all other Persons whatsoever 5 and that the Lands of the Petitioners, and other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated, and so long as the same lie open and uninclosed, are incapable of Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hanmer and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Oxford A Petition of the several Churchwardens and Overflow. leers of the several Parishes of Saint otherwise

Saint Tolls, All Saints, Saint Saint Giles's -

well, otherwise Saint Cross, Saint John's, Saint Mary Magdalen, Saint Mary the Virgin, Saint Peter's in the East, Saint Martin's, Saint Saint Peter le

Bailey, Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Nicholas, and Bin-fey, in the City of Oxford, and of the Parish of sett, otherwise Saint Clement's, near the said City, and of several other Inhabitants of the said City and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor in the City of Oxford and Parish aforesaid are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence by their respective Parishes and Places; and that the granting of proper Powers for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor of the said City and Parish, and providing a Place for their general Reception, will tend to their more effectual Assistance and Relief, and be a great Ease and Convenience to the Petitioners, and an Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Poor within the said several Parishes of Saint Aldates, otherwise Saint Tolls, All Saints, Saint Ebbe's, Saint Giles's Holywell, otherwise Saint Cross, Saint John's, Saint Mary Magdalen, Saint Mary the Virgin, Saint Peter in the East, Saint Martin's Saint Michael's Saint. Peter le Bailey, Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Nicholas, and Bin fey ,within the City of Oxford, and Parish of otherwise Saint Cle-

ment's, near the said City, and for providing a Place for their general Reception, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Nares, Mr. Penton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber i and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Terth and Powers of an Ballingdon Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His pre- Bridge sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and wi- Koa<1‘ dening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk t to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto) which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of George William Earl of Coventry, Lord Hill Croome of the Manor of Hill Croome, in the County of Worcester, lQclofur*1 and the humble Petition of several Freeholders and Owners of Lands, within the Parish of Hill Croome aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the Hoafe, and read j Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor and Parish several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Benefit to the Petitioners and the other Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fame, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coventry, and Mr. Thomas Edwards Freeman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom CIy«le the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation^ Forth and Clyde Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition j John Colvill, Esquire, being examined, said. That great Progress has been made towards completing a navigable Canal, between the Firth of Forth and the of Clyde:

That carrying the said Canal through the several Places described in the Petition, will be of greater Convenience to the Public, than carrying the Tame in the Manner directed by the said Act: That by this Means the Navigation will be brought several Miles nearer to the Town of Glasgow, will be completed at much the same Expence, and will be more beneficial to Trade and Commerce.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton , and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a navigable Cut or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowfiounness, to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fell into the Firth of Forth: And that Mr. Dundas, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Lawrence

Dundas,

n Geo. III. 4 Decembns.41*

Dundas, and Mr. Edmonfione, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Custom- The House being informed that Mr. , from

Account Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

’ he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Whalefins or Whalebone, and Train Oil, imported into, and exported from, England, from the first Day of January 1768 to the 10th of October 1770, which is as far as the same can

be made up; distinguishing the several Quantities imported from, and exported to, each Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon thfc Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hbule. The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ways Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth’;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act: of Parliament of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1771, be further continued, and charged upon ail Malt which shall be made, and all Mum tohich shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, trom the 23d Day of June 1771 to the 24th Day of June

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the (kid Resolution: And that Sir Charles , the Lord

North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. , Mr".

Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. do prepart, and

bring in, the fame.

1 .

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercur.il, - 50 die;

t ( 1

" Anno 110 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1770.

' *

Prayers.

Ayltlbory TV/T®- Hanmerpresented to the House, according to

Inclciure. J.VJL Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, within the Township and Liberties of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the Fifft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Birminpbam The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, Navigation. (0 whom the Petition of Chari.s Co:mere, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap|>cared to them, together, with the Refutations of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the-Report in his Place; and afterwards

VOL. 33.

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Petitioner hath fully proved the Allegations of his Petition. O

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this (Committee*

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in A Bill to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, to complete the said Cam), k> a Field called Newhafl Ring, adjoining to the Town of Birmingham,’in the County of Warwick, within’a Time to be limited.

- The First Resolution of the Committee, being read 4 '

Second, Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by die H°ule.

The subsequent Resolution of the.Committee, being read a Jjecond Ti$qe; , . t . *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring' in a. Bill to oblige the Qqmp&ny of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, to complete the said Canal, to a Field called NewhallRing, adjoining to the Town- of

mingham, in the Cpputy W.aryoick, within a Time to be limited: And tkput the Lortj Beauchamp, Mr- Modi tagu, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Ryder, and Mr« Peuton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

* " 1 . ’a..

An ingrafted Bill fqr enlarging the Termrand Power! Ballingdon of an Act,.made in the Second Year of thfe Reign of His Bridge present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and Road* widening the High Road leading from the North End of BallingdoH Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pad: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year at»f the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Roid kading from the North End of Ballingden Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffdlk, to the South Gate in Bury Sdint Edmunds, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

i 1.. i

A Petition of the Nfdyj)r, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Reading of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, un- Canal, der therr Common Sedl. jtnd of the Gentlemen, Clergy,

Traders, and Inhabitants* within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Vote3, That - a Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, an4 Inhabitants of the said County of Betks, has been presented to the House,’ for a Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from the said Borough to Monkey Island, in the (kmc County; and that these Petitioners have experienced many Incqn-veniencies, for want of such Navigable Canal: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill, and that the same may pal’s into a Law, under such Regulations abd Restricttons astp the House shall seem meet. ' .

Ordered, That tb?. said Petition be referred, to the Consideration of the Committee,1 to.wham the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freebqklers, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and; Berks, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Sir Charles Whitioorth reported from the Committee, Portman’a to whom the Bill for naturalizing Gerard Portman, way committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

M Ordered,

L.

42 5°

1770.

Militia Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List ®fic*r* of all the Commissioned Officers now serving in the Militia of this Kingdom; stating the Counties in which they serve, and their respective Ranks.

M«b» Ice. Sir Charles Whitworthpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1771: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kentifk The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, to Toja whom the Petition of Charles Fdzroy, Et quire, was re-00t ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the l^me, as it appeared to them, to the House 1 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. James Crow, Surveyor, being examined, said. That there is a Foot Path, containing about Forty Chains in Length, which leads from Skerwick's Farm House, in the Parish of Saint Patterns. in the County of Middlesex, along certain Fields or Meadows, belonging to the Petitioner, called Home Field, the Four Fourteen , and

Great Furze Field, near the South West Side of the Road from Hampstead to Highgate, and joins the said Road at a Stile in the North West Comer of Furze Field aforesaid: That the Petitioner is willing, at his own Expence, to make a good Footway, or Path, along the South West Side of the said Road from Farm House,

to the Stile at the North West Corner of Furze Field aforesaid; and to oblige himself, his Heirs, and Assigns, at his and their own Expence, to keep and maintain the same in good Repair for ever, if the Foot Path over the said Fields shall be (hut up and discontinued: — And the Witness further fold. That there is also a Foot Path, which leads from or near the Ponds upon

Heath, over certain Fields, or Meadows, belonging to the Petitioner, called Lower Eight , Eight Acres, and Home Field, for the Distance of Twenty-six Chains and Forty Links, or thereabouts, to Highgate, which is not an ancient Foot Path, and is in many Respects inconvenient; that the (hutting up of which will be no Detriment to any body, as there is another which leads from the same Point on Hampstead Heath, to Highgate aforesaid j and which is shorter and more convenient than that which leads over the Fields, or Meadows aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower Charles Fitzroy, Esquire, to (hut up certain Foot Paths in the Parish of Saint Pancras, alias Town, in the county of ; and to oblige him

to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a Foot Path . in lieu thereof: And that the Lord Beauchamp and Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mariners Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Seamen, upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, . That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

5

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that some of the Alder- Thame* men, and several of the Common Council, o( the City of London, attended at the Door; they were called, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read j Taking Notice of the Petition of John, Robert, James, and William and

James Payne, Architects, Dorothy Monk, Widow, Clementina Pawson, Widow, and William Coal Merchant, for Leave to bring in a Bill for authorizing them to take in, inclose, and embank, l'o much and l'uch Part of the North Part of the River Thames,\<\t\\\n the Bay or Hollow of the Bend, or Angle, between Westminst Bridge and the New Bridge at Black Fryars, as to the House shall seem proper; and Setting forth, That the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the said River.wi thin certain Limits, within which that Part of the said River proposed to be taken in, inclosed, and embanked, is situate, is vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of to

be executed and exercised by the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or by his sufficient Deputies and that the said Robert and James Adam, James Payne, and William Kitchiner, having lately encroached upon the said River, by throwing in Earth and Rubbish in that Part thereof which adjoins to Durham Yard, Sa/ifbury Street, and Beaufort Buildings, in the Strand, Bills of Indictment have been preferred, by the Direction of Barlow Trecothick, Esquire, the late Mayor of the said City, as Conferyator of the said River, and have been severally found against them, for their respective Offences, by the Jury, at a Court of Conservancy, and the same are removed, by Writs of Certiorari, into His Majesty’s Court of King's Bench, at the Instance of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a Law should pass, enabling and authorizing the (kid John, Robert, James, and William Adam, and James Payne, Dorothy Clementina Pawson, and William Kitchiner, to take in, inclose, and embank the said River, the same would be an Infringement of the Rights of the Petitioners; very prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of the said River, and injurious to the Public: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition, and may receive such Relief as the Nature of their same shall require, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John, Robert, James, and William Adam, and James

Payne, Architects, Dorothy Monck, Widow, Clementina Pawson, Widow, and William Kitchiner, Coal Merchant, is referred -, and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think (it.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to report their Opinion

to

Acooenu

ordered.

New

Shoreham

Ele&ioa.

Morden

College.

11 Geo. III. 50 betembriL

to the House, upon the Matters contained in the said Petitions.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Cattle imported into Great Britain, from Ireland, finee the toth October i )66; distinguisiring the several Sorts imported in each Year; as tar as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Talldw imported and exported, from ift January 1769, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Foreign Tallow from the Irish.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Rumbold, of Hill Street, Berkley Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, might be again read.

And the tame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Hugh Roberts, the Constable and Returning Officer for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sujj'ex, do attend this House upon Morning next, with the original Poll taken by him at the last Election, on the 26th Day of November last.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall We thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition of Thomas Rumbold, Esquire.

A Petition of John March, Richard William

Clarke, William Cooper, Samuel Smith, William Ewer, and James Lee, Esquires, the Trustees of a Charity founded by Sir John Morden, Baronet, deceased, for the Benefit and Support of decayed Merchants, commonly called Morden College, situate near Blackheath, in the Parish of Charlton, and County of Kent, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That his late Majesty King William the Third, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the 4th Day of November, in the nth Year of his Reign, for the Consideration therein mentioned, did grant to, or in Trust for, the said Sir John Morden, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, the Manor or Lord ship of Old Court, with the Lands thereto belonging, in the Parish of East Greenwich, and County of Kent; and that the said Sir John Morden, intending to make some Provision for the Comfort and Support of aged and decayed Merchants, erected, at his own Expence, a House, or College, near Blackheath, for their Reception; and, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 9th Day of March 1702, he gave and deviled all his Real Estates to certain Trustees, and their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, in Trust for the Use of the said College, and for the Maintenance and Support of poor aged and decayed Merchants of England, whose Fortunes had been ruined by the Perils of the Sea, and other unavoidable Accidents; and that the Petitioners, by virtue of divers Mesne Assignments and Conveyances in the Law, are now seised of the said Manor or Lordship of Old Court, and of the other Real Estates of the said Sir John Morden, in Trust, for the Benefit of the Charity so founded by him; and that the Trustees of the Charity for the Time being have, at various Times, possessed divers Parts of a certain Parcel of Land, in the Parish of East Greenwich, called Hill, on

an jApprchension that the same was Part of the Lord ship or Manor of Old Court, and have, at various Times, granted Leases of several Parts of the feme to fuodry

Persons, who have erfcfted Houses thereon; but the said Hill having been claimed, on Behalf of His Majesty, as being Part of His Royal Manor of East Greenwich, Informations of Intrusion have been exhibited, by His Majesty’s Attorney General, in the Court of Exchequer, against several of those Lessees; and that, in order to comprotnife the said Matter, and to feve Expence to the Charity, it has been agreed, between the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands, on Behalf of His Majesty of the one Part, and the Petitioners on the other, to the following Effect; that the Petitioners do admit the Right of the Crown to the said Hill, and to all other the Wastes of the said Manor of East Greenwich; and that they be acquitted and discharged of all Accounts, Claims, and Demands whatever, for or in respect of any Rent, Profit, or Advantage, which have been heretofore received or made by them, or any of their Predecessors in the said Trust; and that they have a proper Consent for their applying for, and obtaining, an Act of Parliament, to indemnify the Petitioners against all Suits, Afticms, Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences, for and on account of their or any of their Predecessors, in the said Trust, having, without any legal Title, entered into Possession of the said Hill, and exercised Acts of Otfner-ship therein and also to indemnify the Petitioners, their Officers, and Servants, touching any Matter or Thing relative to the entering into the said Agreement; ana to enable his Majesty to grant to them a Lease of the said Hill, and of the Houses and Buildings erected thereon, for the Term of 50 Years, without paying any Fine for the fame, referring therein One Third Part of the neat Income which they now receive from the said Premises, as a Yearly Rent; and also to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, to grant, unto the Trustees of the said Charity for the Time being, a Lease or Leases of the said Premises, for any further Term or Terms rtot exceeding 50 Years, each referring therein Qne Third Part of the neat Income, which, at the respective Times of granting fucU subsequent Lease or Leases, they shall receive from the same, as a Yearly Rent; and they declare their Willing-ness to be restrained from taking any Fine for Building Leases or for Renewals of Leases of any Houses already built,- or to be built on the said Hill; and that the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury have approved of the said Agreement, with these Restrictions; that, in such Lease or Leases, there shall be contained proper Covenants torestrain the Petitioners, and their Successors, from erecting any Buildings whatever on any Part of the Top or Plain of the Hill, or inclosing any Part thereof, without the Consent and Approbation of the Crown; and also to restrain the Trustees of the Charity for the Time being from digging, and carrying away from off the said Premises, any of the Soil, Chalk, Lime, -Stone, or Gravd, of the said Hill, or any Part thereof; and from taking any Fine or Ernes for Building Leases, or for Renewals of Leases of Houses thereon; and tljat the said Sir John Morden, by his Will, di-rested that there should be placed in his feid College so many poor Merchants as the clear Yearly Rents and Revenue of his Estates would maintain, allowing to each Merchant £. 20 a Year, to be laid out in Provisions and Necessaries, as is particularly prescribed in the Will; and by a Codicil thereto he declared, that the said Pension should be reduced to /.15 a Year; and that the Sum of £. 15 a Year is at this Time too small and inadequate an Allowance for Provisions and Necessaries for the Persons intended by the Founder of the Charity to be benefited thereby, the feme being but little more than what is generally allowed to Persons of very low Education and Condition of Life, inso much that many Merchants, who, through Casualties and Age, are reduced to Want, are hindered from applying to partake of lb scanty an Allowance; and that, if the Petitioners were enabled to increase the said Pension to

a Sum

Supply.

44 5° — 6° Decembris. A. 1770.

a Sum not exceeding £.40 Yearly to each Merchant, it would induce proper Objects to apply for Admittance into the College, and would tend greatly to the Honour and Reputation of a Charity, which is the only one of its Kind in this great commercial Nation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be* given to bring in a Bill to confirm the said Agreement, and to enable His Majesty to grant to them a Lease, without Fine, of the said Hill, called Maidinstone and of the Houses and Buildings erected or to be erected thereon, for the Terrh of 50 Years, according to the beforementioned Terms of the said Agreement; and also to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, to grant unto the Trustees of the said Charity for the Time being, a Lease or Leases thereof, for such further Term or Terms, not exceeding 50 Years each, as to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall feetn proper, under ldch Regulations and Restrictions as are before mentioned; and to release, exonerate, and discharge, the Petitioners and their Successors, of and from all Accounts, Claims, and Demands, for or in respect of any Rent, or Arrears of Rent, or other Profit or Advantage heretofore made by the Trustees of the said Charity for the Time being, for, or in respect of the said Hill, whilst they, have been in Possession thereof; and ailo to indemnify the Petitioners, their Officers and Servants, for what they have done, or shall do, in and about the compromising the Matters in Dispute between the Crown and them, relating to the said Hill; and to authorize and impower the Petitioners, and the Trustees of the said Charity for the Time being, to increase the Pensions paid to each poor Merchant, to such Yearly Sum or Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding £. 40 to any one Person in any one Year; or to grant to the Petitioners such other Relief and Assistance in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant De umber, re* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty j ’ Ordered, That the Ordinary Eftiraate of His Majesty’s

Navy, for the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Rftimate of the Charge, of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are prpposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1771, be rev ferred. to the said Committee.

Then the J House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir CJiarles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That: they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. , >

., Sir Charles Whitworth . also acquainted the House; That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they mayi have Leave to fit again.

RJolved, That this House will, upon -

ibg, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholp House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

w And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6* die Decembris;

Anno ii# Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1770.

Pray Efts.

THE Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, to complete the said Canal, to a Field called adjoining to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, within a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the Frill Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to impower Charles Esquire, to (hut.up certain Foot Paths, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, alias Kentish Town, in the County of -dlesex, and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a Footpath in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t

The Earl of Catherlough presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road fiotn Spernal Ash, in the County of Warwick, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town'of Birmingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Kingston upon Hull, on Behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, Davis’s Straits, and the Seas adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That since passing the Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland Fishery, that Trade has been carried on at the said Port with only indifferent Success; and, as the said Act will expire at tire end of the present Session of Parliament, the Trade can only, enjoy the Benefit of the next Season under the present Act; therefore it is by Experience found, that the Greenland Trade cannot be continued, except a Bounty be allowed, which, if continued for a longer Term than has been lately granted, it would encourage many more Vessels to be employed in the Trade, and would enable the Adventurers to export a considerable Part of the Produce to foreign Markets: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants arid Tradesmen of the Port of Live)pool, on Behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, s

Straits, and the Seas adjacent, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and reader more effectual, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable, Hilchin, Baldock, and Royfion, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge, and from the West End of Well-bury Lane to, the Turnpike Road at the S uth End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and

Cambridge,

Birminghim

Canal.

Kentifli

Town

Footpath.

Spernal Ash Road.

Kingstcxt upon Hull — Green land Fisher/*

Tring

Koadt.

11 Geo. III. 6° Decembris. 45

Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royjion District of Roads in the said Act particularly mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Stratford Mr. Skipwithpresented to the House, according to Road. or(Jer, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of to the

Evesham Turnpike Road, at in the County of

H'orcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Westminster A Petition of the Governors and Directors of the Paving. Poor, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew born, which lies above the Bars, in the County of

dlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read Reciting Part of an Act of the 6th Year of His present Majesty, for the better regulating and employing the Poor; and for cleanGng, lighting, and watching, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the Parishes aforesaid; and Setting forth. That, in consequence of the said Act, the Governors and Directors elected, pursuant thereto, have proceeded to put the same in Execution; and that the said Act has been found fully and effectually to answer every salutary Purpose intended thereby, within the said Parishes; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought in, to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty o and Parts adjacent;

and that the Petitioners find, that the said Parishes are intended to be included in the said Bill, for all the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting; and, if the same should pafsintoa Law, in the Manner thereby proposed, it must, in Effect, amount to a Repeal of the said Act of the 6th of His present Majesty, and thereby defeat the said Parishes of the principal Benefits by the said Act intended; and that, if the Powers granted by the said Act of the 6th of His present Majesty’s Reign to the said Governors and Directors were extended, and proper Powers given to pave the said Parishes, as well as to light and cleanse the fame, it would effectually answer every salutary End, within those Parishes, which can be possibly effected by the Bill now proposed by the Westminster Commissioners, and in a more easy

and commodious, and, as the Petitioners conceive, in a much let's expensive, Manner: And therefore praying. That the said Bill, so far as it relates to the lighting, cleansing, and paving, the said Parishes of Andrew Holborn, above the Bars, and Saint George the,

may not pal's into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against being included in the said Bill, and also against such Parts thereof as the Petitioners conceive may affect the Rights, Privileges, and Interests of the said Parishes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

V'a*crmens A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, Assistants, and Conu'aoy. Comptrollers, of the Watermen and Lightermens Company, in Behalf of themselves and the whole Body of Vol. 33.

Watermen, and their Apprentices, working on the River of Thames, in the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are at present a Variety of Laws in being, for the Government of the said Company, and to regulate other Matters relative thereto, which efl'entially concern the Public; and that, in consequence of the said Laws, or some of them, several Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, have been made, for the better regulating of the Company, and other Purposes relating thereto, and to the Watermen in general working on the River Thames', some of which Laws,

Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, are become obsolete, others, from a Variety of Causes that have arisen since the making thereof, are become inadequate to answer the good Ends intended thereby; and the said Laws are in l'everal Respects defective; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be of public Benefit, if all the Laws relating to the said Company were reduced into one, and explained and amended where necessary: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for such Purposes; and that such further and other Relief may be given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Alderman Townsend, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Trecothick, and Mr. Alder-' man Oliver, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom Lowiek the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and loclosure. Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Lowiek, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfoftion of the Committee and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Townsend do make the Sr. Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Catherine’s several Inhabitants of the Precinct of Catherine, in I*av*0S' the County of Middlesex, was referred.

Mr. Alderman Townsend accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

James Clare, being examined, said, That the Streets,

Lanes, and other Places within the said Precinct (except such Part as is paved by virtue of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty) are become dangerous, and that several Nuisances and Incroachments have been made therein; and that if the said Precinct was properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and a regular Watch established, and also Power granted to remove the present Nuisancesand Incroachments, and to prevent the like for the future, it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Precinct.

Mr. JoJ'eph Harrison, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and

N watching.

Custom-

House

Account.

Salted BeeF, Pork, &c.

Quieting

Subjects.

46

watching, such Parts of the Precinct of Saint in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and for preventing Nuisances arid Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Alderman Tozvnfend and Mr. Serjeant Glynn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the several Quantities of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, imported into from

Ireland and America, from the ill of January 1769, to

the 10th of October 1770; which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the

Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in for a limited

Time, upon Thursday the 24th Day of January next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

And the House being informed, That to defer the Second Reading of the said Bill for so long a Time, may, in the present Situation of Affairs, be attended with great public Inconvenience; and it being contrary to the Order of Proceeding in the House, to appoint an earlier Day for such Second Reading;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill, and to present another Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord C, the Lord

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Pennant, Colonel

Barre, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Brickdale, Mr. Thrale, and Mr. Byrne, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Manor of East Greenwich, iB the County of Kent, or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the fame, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, that nothing therein contained shall in any respect extend to affect, or influence the Construction of, the Clause contained in the said Act, whereby a Liberty is given to Grantees of the Crown to prosecute their Claims within a limited Time.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

1770;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ccoper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1771, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

24th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was committed; the Amendments which the Cornmittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura, not exceeding Three hundred Seventy-eight thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Halfpay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Twenty-three thousand, Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upomthe Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes, of the 14th Day of November last, that the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion

6° Decembris.

Malt, lee.

Herring

Fishery.

Mariners

and

Seamen.

S apply.

Criminal

Justice.

Whale

Fishery.

Trip?

Roads*

Weflwrod

ladoiurc*.

i i Geo. III. 6° — 7* Decembris. 47

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Administration of Criminal Justice, and the Proceedings of the Judges of Westminster Hall, particularly in Cafes

relating to the Liberty of the Prels, and the Cohftitu-tional Power and Duty of Juries;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y«as,j

Tellers for the Noes, j *}'; j

So it passed in the Negative.

76.

184.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V zneris, J6 die Decembris \

Anno 11# Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

QRdcred, That the Order, made upon the 15th Day of Novemberlaft, for referring the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Liverpool, ort Behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whaic Fi fiery to Greenland, Davis’s Straits, and the Seas adjacent, to the Consideration of a Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

An ingrafted Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act pafi’ed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Trirg, in the County of , through

Dunjlalle, Hit chin, B.ddock, and to the Turn-

pike Road at or near Bourn Bridge, and from the Well End of IVeilburyLane, to the Turnpike Road at the

South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Ry District of Roads, in the said Act particularly mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Rf /ved, Tint the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of Hispresent Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in 7‘ting, in the County of Hertford, through Dwijlable,

Baldick, and Roxjton, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge, and from the Welt End of IVeilbury to the Turnpike Road at the South End of in

the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, and

so fir as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royf onDiftrift of Roads, in the said Act particu-

larly mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Pburner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. *

A Petition of Sir IF it bin Williams Wynn, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of cditch JVcnlock, other.vile Wenlock A'.yna, otherwise Great Werdock, in the County of Salop, and Patron of tire Vicarage of the Parish Church, and Impropriator of the Cheat Tithes, of Much otherwise Wenlock Magna, otherwise Great Wenlock, and also Proprietor cf g eat Part of the Lands lying in the said Manor, as also of the Common Fields lying in the said Ma.ior and Parish, and also of a certain Tract of Land called Wfueood Common, the Reverend Stephen Pryihcrih, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish, and of Sir Robert Lazv/ey, Baronet, Sir Richard Alien, Baronet,

Vol. 53.

Brooke Forester, Esquire, Robert More, Esquire, Dudley

Ackland, Esquire, Thomas Yale, Esquire, Thomas Bateman Perkins, Esquire, John Littl, Esquire, John Windsor, Esquire, George Morrall, Catherine Daev ley.

Widow, Thomas Howells, Junior, John Oliver, Isaac Day, John Bromley, and Thomas Page, and Mary his Wife, Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor and Parish, on Behalf of themselves and others interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manor and Parish, there are certain Open and Uninclosed Parcels of Arable and Pasture Ground, and also a large Tract of Waste Land, called Wefwood Common, containing by Estimation 350 Acres, or thereabouts, and also several Inclosed Grounds, the Property of which, as well as several Roads leading to sundry Lands, are not at present fully ascertained; and that the said Lands lie intermixed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to all Persons interested in the said Lands and Common, to have the same divided, inclosed, and laid together, and a specific Share thereof allotted to the several Owners, according to their respective Interests and Properties therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Common and Common Fields, within the said Manor and Parish; and also for ascertaining the Property of each of the respective Owners in and to the said Inclosed Grounds and Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynajltn and Mr. Mortoh do prepare, and bring in, the fame.' ’

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Lowick mon and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Lowick, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Lowick, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Birtwhistle, Clerk* Skirbeck Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Skirbeck, in Lclosure. the County of Lincoln, Willoughby Wood, Daniel Douglas, and Robert Barlow, Esquires, William Garfit and James Ellis, on the Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Common Fen, belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of Skirbeck and County of Lincoln, , containing 277 Acres or thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners and others. Owners of Commonable Houses and Toftsteads, in Skirbeck Quarter aforesaid, have Right of Common, which, in its present Situation, can be of little Profit or Advantage to the Petitioners; but, if the same was divided and inclosed, it would be of considerable Benefit, Advantage, and Convenience, to the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fen, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Mr. cotts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, presented to the Salted Beef, House, according to Order, a Bill to continue for a *>ork» &c* further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of

Westminster

Paving.

London

Bridge.

7° Decembris. # . A- 1770.

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Secpnd.Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whit worth, Mr. Edmonfione, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Governors and Directors of the Poor, in Behalf of them-felvesand the rest of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holbor, which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Barish of Saint

George the Martyr, in the said County, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill js committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrbdion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House being informed, That some of the Aldermen, and several of the Common Council, of the City of London, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Londotii in Common Council af-iembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the 7th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackfriars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is Enacted, That all and every the Tolls, which then were or should be payable, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or Prescription, for the Passage over London Bridge, and for the Passage over the said intended Bridge at Blackfriars, should have Continuance, and be paid and payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, until they should, by and out of the Net Produce thereof, from the 29th Day of September 1770, receive and be reimbursed all such Sum or Sums of Money, as they should have advanced in Payment of the Annuities by the said Act directed to be paid, or for the Redemption thereof, together with Interest for the fame; but after such Reimbursement should have been made and completed, the said Tolls should cease and determine; and that, by the said Act, the Sum of £. 30,000 was granted for the Redemption of the said Tolls of London Bridge, which Sum is now remaining in the Chamber of London, for that Purpose; and the Petitioners were thereby empowered to treat and'agree with the Lessee, and other Person or Persons i^terested

in the Lease, of the said Tolls* for the Purchase of the *

fame, and cf all Profits, Advantages, and Emoluments, arising, ortoarife, from the said Lease; and, that the Petitioners have treated with the Lesseeof the said Tolls, but find, that by Reason of the Increase of the said Toll since the passing of the said Act, the said Sum of^.30,000 is not sufficient to purchase the said Lease, together with the Inheritance of the said Tolls; and that, by the said Act, a Power is given to the Petitioners, to grant unto the Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of the Houses fronting any Passage to be improved by virtue of the said Act, Licence, under their Common Seal, to build upon, and inclose, so much of the Ground and Soil, in the Front of their respective Houses, as the Petitioners should judge fit and proper to be built upon, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and that the Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of some of the Houses fronting some of the Passages so to be improved are not to be (bund, or are unwilling to build upon and inclose the Ground and Soil in the Front of their said Houses, when, at the same Time, the Persons possessed of, or interested in, the said Houses for a Term or Terms of Years, are desirous to build upon and indole the said Ground, if they might be legally licensed and authorized so to do, whereby the complete Building of the Streets, Ways, or Passages, is prevented or delayed, to the great Nuisance and Disfigurement thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Redemption of the said Tolls of London Bridge, and to the said Power of granting such Licences as aforesaid, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Robert Ladbroke, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. De Sante do attend this House Upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. fames Beufon do attend this House at the same Time.

Persons ordered to attend.

An ingossed Bill for the better Supply of Mariners Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships am*°* and Vessels, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.'

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Gerard Portman, Portmsn’s was read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for naturalizing Gerard Portman.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Malt, 4c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1771, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered,

11 Geo. III.

7° Decembr

49

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Devizei mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to made in the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the Road,‘ direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Second, for repairing the Road leading from West La~

Day of March 1771, of the Incomes of the Duties on vinglon to The Devizes, and from The Devizes to.Seerid,

Malt granted for the Year 1769, to satisfy Principal in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time. „ , and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pcnrud-the Supplies for the Year 1771. dock, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, mittee.

T\/T o 1 1 r ,1 a yr_ c_- _ J it C.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Treasury

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- Address to His Majestyj mittee. Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1770: And

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. also.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1770.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several And the Titles of the said Surplufi’es were read.

Amendments thereunto; which they h^d directed him to The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other

report, when the House will please to receive the same. Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday are as followeth; viz.

Morning next.

Surplusses.

' >- B \

3 . i

' -

* ’< *< to

- I. A.

„ f s

.-5

c *

Vr» > , l V

W* .*> t

' ’T

r- !

j

r» ’

1

5-! a

I*1

*: s -’ , *;

' .

- - . <-

S. " >'-c ✓ . £. dr > - . - - -1

Vr r 5 *7 I - r 1

* y

- ' j' ' ,; 'A f*. ’

' . i: . r.: - "r :,r r; - ,

"j" «.« - i ~ r . *f !- iL »; *

< > j - 1 .» . -i- *-

» < — .

£ V ~ - . --r J--.r . T X ., . r J,

D

i ♦*

* v

A - r "

/ - r y"» 0 r:

„ ‘ r

c. > '

/ f

1 -

r* - i s.

VOL. 53,

O

abstract

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLl

g

CQ'

N'

CD

CL

cr

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND - — _ - Dr*

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended the 5th Day of April 1770 j Viz.. £’ *' i

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Accou u, Folio i - -- - 828,94° 3 4*

Dc — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, bought from Account, Folio 2 - ---- I*7»54*S 9 ®

D° — of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 - -- - 362,016 — 3

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this Account pursuant to an Art n° Georgii imi - -- -.....- -

1,318,301 13 11

4* — 11

To Monies brough; to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1770, pursuant to thef veral Aits of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, graved per Act 40 Georgii 2dl, for the £. s. d.

Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250

Georgii r'1 -----.....16,368-

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted ptr

Act i6° Georgii 21, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - - . 10,152 — _

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2tl, for Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - .....-----.....20,638 1 9

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2'1, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account

pursuant to D°.....26,825 n — \

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2di. for the Service of

the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ----- 37,371 — — .

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° .....'.....161,640 16 3!

The Duty of 6el. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii i*1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant

to D° - - -.....- ---- ------------------ 27 14-

The Duty on Licenses to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act

320 Georgii 2dl - -- -- -- -- 2,631 — —

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3lii, and the Arrears of the Duties on Ditto, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - -- - 102,264 9 jc|

The Duiy of 3s. 4^. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant

to an Act 26 Georgii ad* - -- -- -.....124,510 19 1 \

The Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines, made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2d , for the Service of

the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2di 3*032-

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 211, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,0^0 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, bright to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2d:..... 29,975 l3 *§

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £.1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2d* - - - - *S»5^9 l7 2\

The Duty on Licenses for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2,!1 ---- 31,353 —

o

1S S E S, dated the 5th Day of 1770.

Per Coning, - — _____ — ___

By the Chief Caftlier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Irterdl due the 5th Diy of January 1770, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.38.027,821. 5 <. \\d subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Ada 250, 26°, 290, 320, and 330 Georgii 2dl, and 40, 6°, 70, and 8° Georgii 3^ , in that Behalf -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year - -

By the said Chief Caftlier of the Governor and Co 1 pany of the Bank of England\ for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of Aptii 1770. being after the Rate of £ 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £-19.183,323. 16/. 4d. the Amount oi the Joint stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 250 Georgii 2di and 50 Georgii 3th, in that Behalf By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annui'ies for the same Half Year - -

By the said Chief Caftlier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s interest due the 5th Day of January 1770, being after the Rate of £ 3. 10/. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of £. 2,000,000 lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2di, in that Behalf -.....- ....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuit:es for the same Half Year -

By Half a Year’* Annuity, due the said 5th Day of January 1770, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to an Act 240 Georgii idi, in that Behalf --.- w.

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, See. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities due at the same Time, pursuant to the fame

Act in that Behalf - -- -- --.

By the Chief Caftlier of the said Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, kc. for his Trouble and Charges in passing the Accounts of the said Annuities through the several Offices for 3 Years to the 5th of January 1766, and obtaining a Quietus' for the fame, and for Fees in passing the Accounts of Monies impressed to him for paying the said Annuities for 3 Years, to 5 th of January X 769 ——

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 300 Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32* Georgii 2d‘» for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1770 ——

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3til, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1770 ——

By the Chief Caftlier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity due the 5th Day of April 1770, on the principal Sums of £.8,240,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2di, and £.12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3tU, making together £ 20,040,000, which were made One Joint Stock of £.4 per Centum Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England by an Act 20 Georgii 3lli -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - -

By the said Chief Caftlier of the Governor and Compinv of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3* for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 4°.G^r£/7 3til, for the Halt Year ended the 5 th Day of January 1770 ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year -

By the said Chief Caftlier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five Millions borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 175S: Which said Management is charged on this Fund, by a Claufcin the said Act, for the Half Year ended the ^ch Day of January 1770 ——

- C\

£. /. d.

570.417 6

10,614 6 5£

267,749 17 i* 5*395 6

16,350 — — 421 17 6

31,500-----

590 12 6

1,045 — 6

15,400 7 6

27O — -

404,800 — -

5.692 IO —

124,125 -

*>745 10

1,406 5 —

o

c

Decembris.

o

r

u»

Uj

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Accoant pursuant to one other .4.d 29° Georgii 21 ——

The several Rates and Dunrs payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic cr Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii adi ....

The Additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Paper*, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2'u, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 3*° Georgii 2dl ——

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like ....

Surpl-is of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like -

Surplus of the Duty on Lie nees to retail Spirituous L«quor% the like, -

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, gr nt d by an Act 32° Gc.rg ii 2 l, brought to this Account pursuau t»> an Act 330 Georgii 21* -

To the additional inland Duty on Ch colate, the like ——

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee per Acts 320 Georgii 21, and 50 Georgu 3ll‘ ——

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spiritu us Liquors, grafted by an Act 240 Georgii 2®1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3lii - -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors granted by Acts 33° Georgii 2dl, and 6° Georgii 3lil, brought* to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6° Georgii

3tU..... - -....

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3!i,f and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3*'* -

To the addtional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale granted by an Act i° Georgii 3*u, brought to thii Ad pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 311 - -

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3* 1 ——

To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3;ii - -

To the additional Snbfidy upon East India Wrought Silks, l£c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3ui ——

To the additional Duties upon Ball or Straw, Ch p, Cane, and Horse Hair Hats and Bonnets, Cfr. granted by an Act 70 Georgii 3"*, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 70 Georgii 3th ——

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3riI - -

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3tl], brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3lii -

The Duties upon Cyder and Perry granted by an Act 6° Georgii 311*, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Ad 8° Georgii -

5,155 -

7,307-----

31,462 — 4,958.11 io£ 1,860 12 Io| 16,855 *3 5*

133,623 11 3

2,306 — —

1,799 -

28,007 —

165,019 —

30,938-----

7S-7°9-----

249,203 — —

5-«4° 7 — s

563----

3,161 6 n£

4,004 2 — |

868 16 3

8,593 >8 4 32,093 15 6£

5.747----

D

to'

n'

CD

CL

cr

C3

LTj

o

1,400,835 \i

*>7l9>379 li

By the Usher of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for Necefiaries - «-

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1770 Qf fax on Oriices and Pensions, granted by an \t\ 310 Georgii 2di, with a Moiety of £*93,217. 10/ 1 i. per Annum charged on the Duties on Horn s and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3lli, for answcnng and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in resp It of Five Millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act 310 Georgii zdi9 for the Service of the Year 1738, which Snm is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Firfi Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant

to a Clauic in the said Act in that Behalf -..... ——

By Cash taken in full of £. 1,664,822. 4/. 5 \d. granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the Year 1769, pursuant to an Alt 90 Georgii 3111, in that Behalf -

By Ca(li taken towards the Supply of the Year 1770, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3lil, being the Surplus of this Fond, which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th of January 1770 ....

*°4 H 10$

*5-44 15 7*

144,089 19 10

*99,$75 6 6J

By Caflt remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1770, for the Disposition of Parliament

1.946,138 16 — £

773,240 l6 — \

*>7'9>379 1* 1

This being the Ninety-fifth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgi* I*1, Page 367, is humbly presented this 7th Day of Detembtr 1770, by me

Grip Gooper%

I 10$

rr

»-n

11 Geo. III. 7° Decembris.

ABSTRACT of

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND ——

To Cadi emaining the re on the 5th Day of April 1770, for the Disposit’on of Parliament To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended ihe 10 h Day of Ocl*ber 177° 'viz' Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, I olio 1 Surulus of the SuuihSea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 -

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 - - - - " ~ ~

D

n'

CD

CL

cr

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October the several Arts of Parliament in this Behalf; Fiz.

The additional Siam Duty on Paper, granted per .461 4.0 Georgii 211, for the Service of the Y<ar 1731, brought to this Account pu luant to an Act 250 Georgii 2di ——

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted ter Ad 160 Gorgti adi, brought to this Account pursuant to D° Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 2*\ for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ——

Surp us of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2d>, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account [ urluant to D° ——

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D® -

The >ub(idy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Gt rgti 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ——

The Duty of 6 d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° GeorgH iml, for the Service of the Year 172 \ brought to this Account pursumt to D° ——

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of, Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii *di -Surp us of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3t;i, and the Arrears of the Dut es on D® repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Ad -

The Duty of 3 s. 4*/. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pur-funnt to an Act 26° Georgii 2di -

The Duty of 12/. per Barrel on Sheets or Wines made from British or

Foreign Fruir, or Sugar, gramed by an Act 10° Georgii 2d1, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuanc to an Act 27° Georgii 2d ——

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued

by an Act 2° Georgii 2,?1, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000, by Sale of A nuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2*1 -

Surplus of the Duty on Coals continued by an Act i° Georgii 2dl, 'for raising the Sum of £. 1.75^,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii ....

The Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseible Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2c Georgii 2di -The additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2dl ——

1770, pursuant to

£. 1. <t.

18,982 5 3

16,092 4 4

30,012 1 51

30,007 6 8

50,234 17 7

97-938 3 s

4,708-----

99783 '5 21

109,908 17 2f

5-809 -

38,755 >5 8j

22,229 19 3

22,268 10 11 5,302 — 10

the said Surplusses, dated the ioth Day of 1770.

cn

£ ' ' 779,921 11 7

3I>*79 3 +r 367,265 8

,*78,466 3 6|

/Vr Contra ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of July 1770, being after the Rate of £, 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal 5um of £.38,027,821. 5/. 1 \d. lub-feribed to the Joint Stock of £ 3 per Centum transferable Annuries at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Adb 25% 28°, 290, 320, and 33' Georgii 2di, and 40, 6°, 7°, and 8° Gtcrgii 3tl'», in that Behalf - -- -By D° more for Half a Year’s Interest due the said 5th Day of July 1770, on £ 1,253,700, which was subsenbed a; d added to the above Joint Stock of £ 38,027,821. 5/. 1 \d. pursuant to an Act 10* Georgii 31 1 -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the above £ 38,027,821. 5 /. 1 \d. for the same Half Year ——

By Dc, for Charges of Managcm’nt of the said £. 1.253,700 added to D° for 3 Mo nhs due the said 5th ot July 1770 ——

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Half a Year’s Interest due the ioth Day or Of},her 1770, being after the Rate of £.5 per Centum per Annum on :he principal Sum of £. 19,183 323. 16/. 4 d. the Amount of ttu Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to th Atts 250 G rgii 2", and 50 Georgii 3lli, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Aanuit.es, for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Inte eft due the 5th Day of July 1770, being after the Rate of £. 3. 10/. per Centum jer Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of Two Millions lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756. pursuant to the Act 290 Georgii 2di, in that Behalf - -By D°. for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By Haifa Year’s Annuity due the said 5 th Day of July 1770, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000, transferr <ble at the South Sea House, bnt on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 17511 pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii zdl, in that Behalf -By the Company of Merchants trading to the S,utb Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the same Act ——

By Cacti taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives, payable at the Exchequer,

| granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2fi|, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32®

I Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1770 -

, By Calli taken to answer Annuities cn Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on th s Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3li*# for the Half Year ended thi ioth Day of Oftaber 1770- - -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the 10th Day of October 1770, on £. 18,986,300, to -which the principal Sum of £ 20,2^0,000, made One Joint S^ock of £. 4 per Centum Annuities, by an Act 2" Georgii 3lli, is reduced by the Sum of £, 1,253,700 having been fu b fieri bd lor £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3ri- -

iBy D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for th^ same Half Year -By the said Chief Lafhier of the Governor and Company of the Bnnk of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 2' Georgii 3th, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint stOwk of Annuities, from the gth'Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 31* , for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1770 -

| By D®, for Charges ot Management of these Annuities for the same Haif Year -j By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable inrefpcdl of Five Mil-

D'- I £ d. I

773.240 16 — i

Cf.

570,417 6 4}

18,805 IO — 10,614 6 si 176 6 —

287.749 >7 S-39S 6 *r

26,250 — — 421 17 6

31,500-----

590 12 6

15,120 7 6 , 270 — —

379.7*6 — 5-339 >7 "i

123-125----

1,745 10 i|

’70 Decembris. A. 1770.

u>

v>

The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act ig° Georgii iil -

The additional Stamp Dutison Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account porfuant to an Act 3 2# G orgti 2 11 ——

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like

The Surplus of the New Duties on L cenfes to retr.il Wine, the like - -D° of the Duties on Licenses to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like - -To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 3a0 Georgii a*1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33° Georgii zdi ——

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like -

The additional Inland Duty on Coffee, fer Act 3a0 Georgii 2di, and 50 Georgii 3r,i -

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2° Georgii 3ul - -

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii a*1, and 6° Georgii 3ui, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6° Georgii jlU - -- - - -- --The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Accou it pursuant to the same Act -

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2dI, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3ul - - - - .

The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act l* Georgii 3d4, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 4° Georgii 3tl! The additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, £5U. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5* Georgii 3ui ——

The additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the I ke -

The additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3,u - -

The additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, fJc. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3tU - -

The additional Duties upon Bailor Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse Hair

Hats, and Bonnets, (STr. granted by an Act 70 Georgii 31*1, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 70 Georgii 3"* -

The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3111 The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3th, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3tU The Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU brought to this Account pursuant to the above Ad 8° Georgii 3'* - -

6,936 — —

37*439 10 4 7,810 15 11,203 i8 4I 18,452 8 9

149,013 2 6

i, S4o — —

i,793 -

37»7*6-----

204,671 — —

3*>35+-----

*67,917-----

262,314.-----

24,668 8 9

613 10 10

2,003 — —

2,000 la 8

45* 3 8

10,006 4 9

43*30* 8 6J

11,543 — —

1,791,819

2

3,070,285 5

To Ca4h breoght from the Supply granted for the S err ice of the Year 1770, pursuant to an Act 10° Gemgii 3'*, to replace to this Fund the like Sum paid oat of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1769, of the Fund established for paying Annuities in respect ot Five Millions borrowed by virtue of an Act made in the 31 it Year of the Reign of bit late Majesty, towards the Supply

granted for the Service of the Year 1758 ----- 46.463 *

O ——

r

vS

*s

9

8

— 3,* *6,748 18 5

3,869,989 14 51

lions borrowed pursuant to the Ad j1* Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1758; which said Management is charged on this Fund by a Clauseio the said

Ad, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1770....

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiercy on the 5<h Day of July 1770, of the Tax on Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 31° Georgii 2 *, with a Moiety £*93>2l7* lo/* 1 d,per Annum, charged on the Duties upoo Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, for answering and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five Millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act 319 Georgii a41, for the Service of the 17589 which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a

Clause in the said Act in that Behalf - - - - -..... - -

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1770, pursuant to an Act 106 Georgii 3tU, being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for the Dispofmon of Parliament on the 5th Day of April 1770.....- - -

By Cash taken further towards the Supply of the Year 1770, in Part of £. 1,700,000, granted by the said Act 10® Georgii 3,u, for the Service of the said Year -

Mo6 5 —

«9»940 7 3*

773,140 16 — 1,617,134 8 si

3,889,989 14 si

This being the Ninety sixth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii I-1, Page 367, is humbly presented this 7th Day of Daember *770* by mc

Grey Cooper,

11 Geo. III. 70 .

54 7° Decembr. 1770.

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Quieting Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the $ubjc&. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the-Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title or Claim, to any Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Manor of East Greenwich, in the County of , or to acfy

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, of the in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the

lame, therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments, wtpch the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Herring A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Burghs >i(bcry. of Campbeltown, Ayr, Irvine, Roth say, and Dumbarton,

and of the Town of Greenock, thereunto subscribing, on Behalf of themselves and others in Scotland, concerned in the White Herring Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the 23d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, a Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton, was given to all Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery, fitted out in the Manner prescribed by the said Act; which Bounty, in the 30th Year of the said Reign, was increased to Fifty Shillings per Ton, payable out of the Customs i and that the Petitioners, under the Faith of h.wing the said Bounty regularly paid, have, at a great Expence, carried on the said Fishery, to a considerable Extent j but are in such Difficulties, from the Deficiency of the Fund allotted for the Payment of this Bounty, that they will be obliged to give up this valuable Branch of Trade, unless the Payment of the said Bounty shall be put on l'ome better Footing: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Redress therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to _ whom it is referred to consider of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an rdcicd. Account of the Number of Bulies which have been cleared out for the White Herring Fishery, at the several Ports in Scotland, from the 5th Day of January 1 770, as far as the same can be made up; together with the Number of Men, the Tonnage, and the Quantity of Fish taken, and the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been certified to be due, and are now in Arrear, as the Bounty on Dufies fitted out for the White Herring Fishery, in Scotland, from the 5th Day of January 1770.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been produced out . of His Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, and are appli-

cable to the Payment of the Bounties on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery, from the 25th Day of December 17 70.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs, in England, on the British White Herring Fishery, from the 5th Day of January 1770, as far as jjie same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Bufles which have been cleared out for the White Herring Fishery, at the several Ports in Great Britain, from the 5th Day of 1770, as

far as the same can be made up, with the Number of Men, Tonnage, and Quantity of Fish taken.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been produced out of His Majesty’s Customs in England, and are applicable to the Payment of the Bounties for the White tierring Fishery, from the 5th Day of January 1770, as far as the same can be made up.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the F.ftimetee Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, referred, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1770, to 24th December 1,771, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of HisMa-jesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1770, to the 24th December 1771, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Establishments of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibra Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, from 25th December 1770, to 24th De-

cember 1771, both Days inclusive, being 365 Da;f, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation proposed to be made to His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That t lie Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1771, Land Service, be referred to the said, Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

S\t Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S(>eaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitwotthreported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell have Leave to make Account a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock. ordered.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies now remaining unapplied, on the

Heads

ii Geo. III. 70 — 10° Decembris. 55

Heads of the particular Services voted in the last Session in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant of Parliament. to their Order,

An Account of the Monies now remaining unapplied. And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning on the Heads of the particular Services voted in the lad next, Ten of the Clock. Session of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

—— — And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth;

Luna, 1 o° die Decembris;

Anno ii# Georgii III"1 Regis, 1770.

Praters.

Treasury f’T'HE House being informed that Mr. Speer, from Account. the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called

An ACCOUNT of the Monies now remaining unapplied on the Heads of the particular Services voted

in the last Seffiop of Parliament ziz.

There remains unapplied of the Surh of £.1,580,467. u. 11 being the Amount of the Grants in the last Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Navy -

D°, of the Sum of £. 1,547,931. 1 s. 1 \d. being the Amount of the Grants for the Service

of the Forces, (Be.for the Year 1770, and for Extraordinaries incurred in the Year 1769 D®, to complete the Sum of £. 1,885. 4 s.granted to defray the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America -

D®, to make Compensation to Francis Dolby, for the Damages he differed by the Stoppage and Loss of his Ship Britannia at Mahon, by Admiral Mathnvs, (Be. -

D®, for carrying on, and completing, an additional Building, for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons ——

D®, to pay oft' Annuities at 3 f per Cent, granted Anno 1756, on the 12th of February 1771 D®, to pay the Prizes in the Lottery, established by an Act of last Session - -

£ -r. d.

174,488 16 5i 2,903 2 44

100 —

6,195 8 11

2,000 — — -1,500,000 — — 500,000 — —

2,185,687 7 8£

This Account is humbly presented this iotb Day of December 17 70, by me

IV. Speer.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Aylesbury A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-lodoiure. mon Fields, within the Township and Liberties of Aylef-bury, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. nter, Mr. Clayton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Winchester Ordered, That Mr. Benton do make the Report from Paving, Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Passages within the City of,

and also within the several Parishes of Bartholemew Hyde, Saint John’s in the Soke, Saint Peter’s Cheejehill, Saint Swithin, and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, was committed.

Mr. Pent on accordingly reported from the said Com-Vot. 33.

mittee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and.

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the Rulers of the Watermen and Lighter- Thames mens Company, was presented to the House, and read; E»hank-Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, ment' that a Petition has been presented by John, Robert, James, and William Adam, and James Payne, Archilefts, Dorothy Monck, Widow, Clementina Pazvfon, Widow, and William Kitchiner, Coal Merchant, for Leave to bring in a Bill for authorizing them to take in, inclose, and

embank.

S-lkiik

Roads.

Malt, &c.

Quieting

Sobje^s.

56 . roDDecembris, ' .//. 1770.

embank, so much of the River within the Bay or

Hollow of the Bend, or Angle, between Bridge

and the new Bridge at Black as to the House shall

seem proper; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that such Inclosure and Embankment will be of great Prejudice to the Trade and Navigation of the said River in particular, and the Public in general; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselvesor Counsel, before the Prayer of the said Petition be carried into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John, Robert, James, and William and James

Payne, Architects, Dorothy Monck, Widow, Clementina Pawson, Widow, and William Coal Merchant,

is referred } and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put m Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, whefe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed £.3,000 Sterling on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Sum hath been duly applied, and now remains due; and that, in order effectually to amend the said Roads, and to keep the feme in good Repair, they find it necessary to borrow a further Sum of Money, which, by the said Act, they are not authorized to do; and that, by reason of some Exemptions from Payment of Toll, and from some other De-fefts in the said Act, the Money already due, and which is necessary to be borrowed for repairing the said Roads, cannot be paid off, and the said Roads amended, and kept in good Repair, unless those Exemptions are re pealed, and some other Amendments made in the said Act, and the present Term thereof further continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the- said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pri, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and h.ave Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1771, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act, made hi the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act so amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in tile Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King

in* .

James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Manor of East , in the County of Kent, or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty of The Savoy, in the County of or to

any the Appurtenances to the fame, therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reigp of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the fame, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Commissioners of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ijis, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts, whole Names are thereunto

subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ijis, from the City of London, Westward, to the Town of Crick/ade, in the County of Wilts, is at divers Times of the Year rendered impassable, by the bad State, Condition* and Construction, of the Locks and Weirs upon the said Rivers, and for Want of a proper Depth of Water in many Places; and that, by improving the Channel of the said Rivers, and making the same navigable at all Seasons of the Year, the Intercourses of Trade and Commerce will be very much extended, and the Charge of Water Carriage considerably lefl'ened, and many local Benefits produced to the several Towns and Places lying near the Course of the said Rivers; and that, by several Acts of Parliament, made in the Reigns of King William and Queen Mary, and of his late and present Majesty, a Duty of Six Pence per Chaldron is laid upon all Coals and Culm imported into the Port of London, to the Payment of which, the Petitioners and their Ancestors, Conlumers of Sea Coal, in the Counties West of London, have contributed, without any Advantage to themselves from the Application of its Produce, the same being appropriated intirely to the Ornament, Convenience, and Benefit, of the City of London and its Environs: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given lo bring in a Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of the said Rivers of Thames and Ijis, from the City of London Westward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of and for

defraying the Expences thereof, by laying an additional Duty of One Penny per Ton, or Chaldron, on all Coals and Culm imported into the Port of London, for a certain Term, or by any other Mode of Taxation, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Sambrooke

Freeman, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered,

Tham-i and Mi

Navigation.

11 Geo. III. io Decembris57

Bag ft"k e Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-Canal. mittee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and , whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, is referred.

End India Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Military the more effectually.raising a Military Force, for the Force. prote6tion of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company: And that Sir George , Sir Gil-

bert Elliot, Mr. PurlingMr. Gregory, Mr. , and Mr. Jackson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kentish A Bill to impower Charles Esquire, to Chut

Town Up certa'in Foot Paths, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, °°!P*1 ajjas Kentijh Town, in the County of and to

oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a Footpath in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Beauchamp, Sir Charles Whitworth, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birmingham A Bill to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation. Birmingham Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal, to a Field called Ring, adjoining to the

Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, within a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Conway. &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Salted Beef, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Pork, arc. Reading of the Bill to continue fora further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from for a limited

Time: and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time; be now read.

And the said Order beingjead accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk*s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand One hundred and Two Invalids, amounting to Twenty-three thousand Four hundred and Thirty-two effective Men, Commission and Non-Commission Offi-. cers included, be employed for the Year One thousand

Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Twenty thousand Six hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Tw'enty-three thousand Four hundred and Thirty-two effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, feyJe\, and Guernffor the Year One thousand

Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

VOL. 33.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Seventy-nine thousand One hundred and Seventy Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence and One Eighth Part of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded and

Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and $eventy-ope.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not ejcceeeing Four thousand Five hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, l’erving in the Isle of Man, at,

Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second-Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- Desertion. ment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ball India Account- of the Number of Men raised for the Land Company. Service of the East India Company, from the ift Day of January 1763 to the ift Day of December 1770, specifying the Numbers raised each Year, and the Bounty given.

The House being informed, that Mr. From Custom-

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to c oun the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Cattle imported into England, from Ireland, since the 10th of 1766,

to the 10th of October 1770; distinguishing the several Sorts imported in each Year; which is as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into, and exported from, England, from the x ft of January 1769 to the 10th of October 1770; which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Foreign Tallow from the Irish.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean’-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Sopply. whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Q Ordered,

Adjourn-

ment.

Winchester

Paving.

Slipton J nciofure.

5 8 1 o°: — 11 0 De1770.

O'dred, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mornng.

Sir Charles Whitworthalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wilt, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Dunning have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords of this Day, as to what Proceedings and Resolutions are therein, with relation to the not permitting any Persons to be present in any Part of the said House, during the Sitting thereof;

A Motion was made, and the Quelliou being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yad' ff , (Mr. Onslow:

{Lord George,

Mr. Thomas Townshend,

Junior:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

1

And the House accordingly adjourned till morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

To-

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were-agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Hotham reported from the Committee, to whom Lcckingtoa the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Carrs, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the several Townships of Loikington&nd Hyke, in the East Riding of the County of yor/{:, and for extinguishing the Right of Common or Average upon certain ancient Inclosures within the said Township of Lockington, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Doctor whole

Property consists of Six Oxgangs and an Half, who re-fuled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed consists of 112 Oxgangs) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments U'erc made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Martisy ii° die Decembris;

Anno 11° Georgii I. IF/1 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

MR. Penton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Passages within the City of and also within

the several Parishes of Saint Hyde, Saint

John's,in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheejehill, Saint and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the' Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Cornwall reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the County of Northampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cietk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

The Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration . New the Petition of Thomas Rumbold, of Hill Street, Berkley Shoreham Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, complaining Elea‘on* of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament."

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Buli-ness of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 113 Members being found to be present,

The Petitioner, his Counsel, and Agents, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar — The Clerk of the Select Committees of Elections attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration,

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table, and the Seal being inspecteel by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Outside of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting,

" That the said Box was, on the 10th Day of December " 1770, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of " Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk,

purporting,

11 Geo. III. i i° Decemb. 59

purporting, " That the Names of all the Members " were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put " into the said Box, on the toth Day of 1770,"

was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all, as near as might be, of an equal Sifce, and rolled up in the same Maimer, were by the Clerk taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glaftes, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glaftes, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Eight Members then present were drawn, who were not objeCfced to.

And the Name of Charles Gray, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being 60 Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the Caule of such Requisition upon Oath, he was excused accord-' ingly.

Memorandum: The Form of the Oath administered to the said Charles Gray, Esquire, is as follows;

The Matter alledged by you, and now taken down and read, as an Excuse for not serving on this Commitiee, is the Truth. So help you God.

And the Names of Six other Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Robert I-lenley Ongly, Esquire, being drawn, the Counsel for the Sitting M mber declared, That the said Mr. Ongley was intended to be nominated by the said Sitting Member; and the said Mr. having in his Place contented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee as such Nominee, his Name was let aside.

And the Names of Three other Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of James iV.Jl, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be exculed from serving on the said Select Committee, on account of his being 60 Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the Caule of such Requisition, upon Oath (in the Manner before mentioned) he was exculed accordingly.

And the Names of Thirty-two other Members then present were drawn, vyhovero not objected to.

And the whole Number of 49 Members fodrawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioner was called upon by Mr. Speaker to nominate one, from among the Members then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lor, to serve on the said SeleCi Committee.

Whereupon the find Counsel acquainted the House, TThat the Petitioner had u.structed Iv.m nor to nominate any Member for that Purpose, but to request of the House, that the Want of such Nomination might be supplied by drawing out of the said Glaftes the Name ot a Member then present, in like Manner as the Names of the other 49 Members had been already drawn.

Which bei.g done accordingly;

The Name of Richard Oliver, Esquire, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And Two Lilts of the Names of the 49 Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk, the Name of the said Richard Oliver, Esquire, was added to each of the said

Lilts.

And the Door of the House being opened 5

One of the said Lilts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Petitioner, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the Select Committees of Elections, immediately withdrew.

And being, after fume Time, again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk attending the said Committees of Elections, informed the House, that the Counsel for the

Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sifting Member, had (in his presence) beginning on the Part of the Petitioner, alternately (truck oft* One of the said 50 Names, contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to 14; and he delivered in to the House the Lilts so (truck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the 14 Members then remaining unltruck; which last mentioned Lift was read to the House, by Mr. Speaker, and is as follows; .

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, Paul Fietde, Esquire, Thomas Whateley, Esquire, Michael Byrne,

Esquire, Barlow. Trecothick, Esquire, Sir Edward Baronet, Lord John Cavendish, honourable Rose Fuller. Esquire, honourable Charles Lord

Henley, Richard Fuller, Esquire, Lord Charles Spencer.

And the Name of the said Robert Henley Ongley,

Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said 15 Members were called over, and being come to the Table, they were acquainted by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New in the County of Su/Jex: And they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows;

You, and each of you, shall well and truly try the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Rumbold,

Esquire, referred to you, and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

So help you God.

And the Petitioner, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were then directed to withdraw'.

Ordered, That the said SeleCi Committee do meet forthwith, in the New Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Fees to be taken by the Clerk, appointed to attend the said Select Committee, be the same as are directed in the printed Table of Fees, to be taken by the Clerk attending the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that he do not presume to demand or take any other Fees, than what are allowed by the said printed Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Salted Beef, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to con- *>orle* &c* tinue for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and But-terr, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. -Thomas Townshend, Junior, took the Chair of the

Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Thomas Townshend, Junior, reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac* Mutiny and cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and De- ^e^en'00’ fertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and tlicif (Quarters: And the same was received.

Ordered,

Morden

College.

Sproxton

Inclosure.

6o ii — 120 Decemb. 1770.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth have Leave to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, make a Morion, it being after Six of the Clock. pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

And he moved the House accordingly. Mr. and Lord George Sutton do prepare, and

And the said Bill was read the First Time; bring in, the fame;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Petition of his Grace the Dukeof and also Saltby

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer have Leave to make a Mo- the humble Petition of John Walker, Proprietors of l°closure-tion. Lands within the Open and Common Fields, Common

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented Pastures, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, of Salt-to the House, by, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the

A Petition of the Trustees of Morden College, near House; and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Blackheath, in the County of Kent, whose Names are Grounds of the Petitioners; in the said Fields, Common thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the PastureS; Heath, and other Commonable Lands, lie other Trustees of the said College. greatly intermixed* and are in their present Situation in-

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That capable of Improvement j and that, if the same were the Petitioners have presented a Petition, to enable them divided and indofed, and specific Shares allotted to each to increase the Pensions paid to each poor Merchant to Proprietor and Person interested; according tb his Pro-such yearly Sums as therein mentioned; and represent- perty. and Interest therein; it would greatly improve their ing to the House, that Sir John Morden, Baronet, did, several Estates: And therefore praying; That Leave by his last Will and Testament, direct that there should may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in-be a Treasurer to receive the Rents and Profits of his doling the said Fields, Common Pastures, Heath, and Estate, and pay the same to the Uses of the Charity; other Commonable Lands, under such Rules and Re-and a Chaplain to officiate daily in the Chapel of the gulations as to the House shall seem meet.

College, with a Salary of £. 30 yearly, to be given Ord, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-to such Treasurer and Chaplain respectively; and suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. that, considering, the Decrease of the Value of Money, Cqlcraft and Lord George Sutton do prepare, and bring and the Increase of the Price of the Necessaries of Life, in, the fame, since the Date of that Will, the said Sum is too small

and inadequate a Recompence for proper Persons to un- Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to Or- Clyde dertake and duly perform those Offices: And therefore der, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effec- Navigation, praying, That, in case a Bill should be ordered in pursuant tual, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present to the Prayer of their former Petition, Provision may Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making and main-be made therein, to enable the Petitioners to increase the taining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the or

Salaries of the said Treasurer and Chaplain, respectively. River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of to a Sum not exceeding £. 50 yearly, or such other Sum Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth, or River as to the House shall seem meet. of Clyde, at or near a Place called Bums sot, in

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the County of Dumbarton, and also a collateral Cut from Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to the fame, to the City of Glasgow, and for making a na-whom the Petition of John March, Richard Chiswell, vigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port William Clarke, William Cooper, Samuel Smith, William and Harbour of Borrowjiounness, to join the said Canal,

Ewer, and James Lee, Esquires, the Trustees of a Cha- at or near the Place where it will, fall into the Firth of rity founded by Sir John Morden, Baronet, deceased, for Forth: And the same was received; and read the First the Benefit and Support of decayed Merchants, com- Time.

monly called Morden College, situate near Blackheath, in Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, the Parish of Charlton, and County of Kent, is referred.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, the Impropria- Hartford And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow for of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Inclosure.

Morning, Ten of the Clock. the Vicar of the said Parish of Hartford aforesaid, and

also of the several Freeholders and Copyholders, or Customary Tenants, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields of Hartford aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Copy-hold or Customary Estates and other Properties of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniencies do arile to the Owners and Occupiers thereof; and that, if the same were iq-

APetition of his Grace the Duke of Rutland, and closed and divided, it would be of great Advantage to also the humble Petition ot John Walker, Thomas and for the several Parties interested therein: And there-Fajl, Thomas Burgin, and others. Proprietors of Lands, fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a within the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Corn-Heath, and other Commonable Lands, of Sproxton, in mon Fields of Hartford aforesaid, according to each Per-the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and son’s Right in the lame, in such Manner as to the House read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the shall seem meet.

Petitioners in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed, and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

are in their present Situation incapable of any consider- suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

able Improvement: and that, if the same were divided Joseph Mand the Lord do prepare,

and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each Proprie- and bring in, the fame.

for and Person interested, according to his Property and

Interest therein, it would greatly improve their several An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com* Slipton Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be mon and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Inclosure.-given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the Fields, Common Pastures, Heath, and other Commonable County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Lands, under such Rules and Regulations as to the ' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title House shall seem meet. be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

’ Open

Mercurit, 12* die Decembris; Anno ii* Georgii II1UI Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

.ii Geo. III. Id? Decembris. 6i

Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of S/ifton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Salted Beef, Mr. Thomas Tozvnshend,]\im according to Order* re-

Pork, Sec. ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef* Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Westminster The House being informed that Mr. Box, from the Paving. Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of Westminster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament;

A Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament made in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Wejhfiinster, &c. from the 23d Day of January 1770 to the 27th Day of November 1770, bothinclusive; also an Account of all Contracts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 23d Day of January 1770 to the 27th Day of November 1770, both inclusive: And also,

A Copy of the Treasurer’s general State of Accounts with the Commissioners for paving, £sV. from the 29th September 1769 to the 29th September 1770: And also,

Copies of the general State of Accounts of the several Receivers to the Commissioners for paving, &c.

minster, from Lady Day 1769 to Lady Day 1770.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongli the other Papers of this Session.

Halt, tec.An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1771, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1771.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sapply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order* reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place* and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s

Vol. 33.

Table: Where the same were triad j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum* not exceeding Two hundred and Fifty-nine thousand and Seventy-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings, and Eleven Pence* be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance* for Land Service, for the Year 1771.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Four hundred and Forty^three Pounds and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty* for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1770.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House;

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny ini the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Desertkm. was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

A Petition of the Owners of Lands, Tithes, and Com- WiflW irion Rights, in the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberties or Hamlets of Kilby and Newton , in

the Parish of Wiflow, in the County of Leicester, vi\\ok Names are thereunto set, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, Meadows^ and Pastures, lie greatly dispersed and intermixed, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement j and it would be advantageous to all the Proprietors interested therein, to have the same divided and indoled:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Palmer and Sir Thomas Cave do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to1 Way« and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Meant, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* t* That it be an Instruction to the said Committee* that they do not proceed to consider of an Aid to be granted to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1771, until after the next Recess for the Christmas Holidays* several Mem*

bers being absent in the Country}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,}' j

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself Into the said Corny mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair' of the Cora* mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from, the Committee,

R Thai

62

12° — i j° Decentbris.

A.

1770.

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

S\r Charles IVbilworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Revived, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read Supply. Refetved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself iato-a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House. adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 13* die Decembris; Anno 11* Georgii III*" Regis, 1770.

P JfcsA VERS.

Winchester *A ingrossed Bill for the better paving, repairing* Paving. -xjL cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Other public Passages within the City of and

also within the several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hyde, Saint John's, in the Soke, Saint Peter's r Saint Szvitkin, and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing Nuiftnces and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; was read the Third Time.

Refohtd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and'Watching, the Streets and other public Passa* es within the City of Winchester, and also within the leVetal Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hyde, Saint John's in the Soke, Saint

and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

Ordered, That Mr. Penton do carry the Bill to the t Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petersfield Mr. Jolftfie presented to the House, according to Road. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from - Petersfield, over Old Down, to the Turnpike Road leading from Alresford to Wincheftet j and from the said Road, on Old Down, ho the Gosport Turnpike Road in Rttmf-deanBottom, in the County of Southampton: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

\ 1

Rosemary A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Streets and Lane Places herein after particularly mentioned, whose Names Paving. are thereunto subscribed, oh behalf of themselves and all other the Inhabitants of the said several Places, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pavements of Rosemary Latte, from the Boundary of the Parish of Aldgate to Cable Street, the said Street called Cable Streetrjfot Fqot.Path in the Street.called the Back Lane, the Precind of Wellclose, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane, in East Smilhfteld, to Ratcliff , the Stfcct cattedRow, and Brooks Street, within the "tower Hamlets, and County of Middlesex, and also the several Street:., Lanes* and Passages, opening into the fame, afe itva very ruinous. Condition, incommodious.

and unfefe, by Means of many Incroachments, Obstrudions, and other Annoyances; and that, if Provision was made for completing a commodious Pavement in the abovementioned Streets, and Places, and keeping the same in Repair, and for removing Encroachments and Annoyances therein, and for preventing the like for the future, the same would greatly tend to the Benefit of the Inhabitants* and the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereofand report the feme, as it (halt appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Sir Joseph Mavobey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Streets Wapping and Places herein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all otl|er the Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pavement of the Street leading from the Hermitage Bridge, in the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called New Crane, in the Parish of Saint Patti, Shadwell in the County aforesaid, which is commonly called Wapping Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the fame, are in a very ruinous Condition, incommodious, and unsafe, by many Incroachments, Obstrudions, and other Annoyances, and in particular the said Street called Wapping Street, for Want of a convenient Passage out of the same at the West End thereof; and that, if Provision was made for completing a commodious Pavement in the said Streets and Places, and keeping the same in Repair, and for removing the several Incroachments and Annoyances therein, and for preventing the like for the future, and for making a Passage out or a Street called Little Hermitage Street, which opens into, and leads from, Wapping Street aforesaid, into a Street or I^ane called Nightingale Lane, and for paving the said last mentioned Street and Passage, and the East Side of Nightingale Lane, as far as the End of Burr Street, the same would greatly tend to the Benefit of the Inhabitants, and the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Townsend,&c.: And they are to meet To-mor-

row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;. and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pringle reported from the Committee, to whom Selkirk the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Exe- Ro*d*’ cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading through the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred}

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; a^d be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio we th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And several Members present informed 1 your

ii Geo. III. i %6 Decem. 6%

your Committee, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed f. 3,000 Sterling, on the Credit of the said Act, which has been properly applied, and now remains due:

That they find a further Sum necessary for effectually repairing the said Roads; which they are not authorized to raise: >

That, by reason of some Exemptions from Toll, and lbme other Defects in the said Act, the Money already due, and which is necessary to be borrowed for repairing the said Roads, cannot be paid qff, and the said Roads amended and kept in good Repair, unless these Exemptions are repealed, and some other Amendments made in the said Act; and also the present Term thereof further eont-riued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk And that Mr. Pringle and Sir Gilbert Elliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Morden . The House, according to Order, resolved itself into College. a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of John March, Richard

William Cooper, Samuel Smith, William Ewer, and James Lee, Esquires, the Trustees of a Charity founded by Sir John Morden, Baronet, deceased, for the Benefit and Support of decayed Merchants, commonly called Morden College, situate near Black heath, in the Parish of Charlton, and County of Kent.

Mr. Speaker left- the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Burrell accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Morden College, in the County of Kent, for enabling His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenstone Hill, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer. Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in the said College.

And Mr. Burrell moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands, and tire Trustees of Morden College, in the County of Kent, for enabling His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenfione Hill, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in the said College: And that Mr. Burrell and Mr. Ewer do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Kaft India The House being informed that Mr. Michell, Secre-Accoooot. tary to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Private Men raised for Vol. 33.

the Land Service of the East India Company, from the iftDay of January 1763, to the tft Day of December 1770, specifying the Numbers raised each Year, and the.

Bounty given.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered \That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved anjongst the other Papers of this Session.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is Lockingtoa concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- ^"dofuie. veral Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Carrs, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the several Town-ships of Lockington and Ayke, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Right of Common or Average upon certain ancient Indofures within the said Township of Lockington; which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

' The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, haring been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest js concerned, that rthe House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Tjife Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 30. To leave out " Eight," and insert " Seven " instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1. 36. After Oxgangs," to insert and "One Half." '

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House1 and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Carrs, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the several Townships of Lockington and Ayke, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for extinguishing the Right of Common or Average upon certain ancient Inclosufes within the said Township of Lockington.

Ordered, That Mr. Hotham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue for a further Time, Salted Beef, an Act made in^ the Eighth Year of His present i>oric>4Cv Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Timej and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the Britislt Dominions in America, for a limited Time j was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time i and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Porky Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time,

Ordered, That Mi, Thomas Townshend, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Way* and

from the Committee of tire whole House, to whom it Mtlns-was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for

railing

13° — ri4° Decembris. 1770.

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Refo- a real Gain to the Nation; and, if not got by the Bri-lution which the Committee had directed him to re* tish Fishers, must be paid for at a very high and ad-port to the House; which he read in his Place, and af- vanced Rate to other Nations j and that the Shortness terwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table. of the Time granted for the Continuance of the Bounty

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, by the last Act of Parliament, it is believed, has checked That the said Report be taken into Confederation upon the Increase of this Fishery; and it is greatly to be fear-- Wednesday the 23d Day of January next; ed, if this Bounty is not renewed, this valuable Branch

It passed in the Negative. of Trade will be entirely discontinued, and consequently

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Con- all the Money expended in fitting out the Vessels now sideration. employed in it, will not only be loft to them, and rendered

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said useless to the Public, but the important Objects of increas-Report into Consideration. ing and employing our Seamen, serving the Poor with a

And the Resolution of the Committee was read j and cheap and useful Light, employing our Manufacturers, and is as followeth; viz. supplying ourselves at the cheapest Rate, by Means of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, industry* with the valuable Produce of this Fish-

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, ery, will be entirely loft: And therefore-praying the the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to be raised, within the Space of One Year, from the 25th do in it as to them shall seem meet.

Day of March 1771, upon Lands, Tenements, Heredi- That the said Petition be referred to the

laments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of King* Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable ston upon Hull, on behalf of themselves* and more particu-Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Ja'rly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery to Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called land, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, is referred: Scotland. And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition;

The laid Resolution, being read a Second Time, wpi, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr.

Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. do prepare, and

being in, the fame.

Conference A Motion Was made, and the Question being put, with That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon a eLor<"* Matter highly concerning the good Correspondence between the Two Houses of Parliament, and the mutual Civility usually shewn by each House to the Members of the other House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for ,h.YI*"*

m „ c ., X1 (Sir Alexander Gilmour, )

Tellers for the Noes^^j^ Charles Fox: "

So it passed in the Negative.

Marine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Force 1. the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. , and Mr. Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die Decembris;

Anno ii* Georgit III,a Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

Scotland — A Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, was pre-jy*'ale fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

et¥‘ the Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, granted by Parliament on all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, expires at the End of this Session of Parliament; and that, this Branch of Commerce, the Petitioners think, is an Object of great National Importance; and that the Bounty upon this Trade is an Encouragement to the most useful industry, as all the Oil and Bone got in it is

and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Sir David Williams, Baronet, Lord of the Whitchurch Manor of Whitchurch, in the County of Bucks, Thomas lo'lofure. Atkinson, Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Whitthurch aforesaid, Thomas Green, Lay I impropriator of the Great Tythes of the Parish of Whitchurch aforesaid, and the feveraf Owners and Proprietors of Lands arid Grounds within the Common Fields of the Parish of Whitchurch aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read $ Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish* several Open and Common Fields, containing about Nineteen hundred Acres of Arable, Pasture,

Meadow, and other Commonable Lands, over which the Petitioners and other Proprietors have Right of Common, at certain Times, and a certain and determinate Stint, exclusive of all other Persons whatsoever; and that the said Lands lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, and, so long as the same lie' open and uninclosed, are incapable of Improvement j and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the several Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Bucks, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House may seem fit.;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of said the Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hopkins, and Mr. ,do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Soathwtrk whom the Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers Sewer*, for the Limits extending from Bast Mouldfey, in the County of Surrey, to Ravensborne, in the County of Kent, acting under a Commission issued in the First Year of His present Majesty, by virtue of an Act of Parliament of the 23d Year of King Henry the 8th, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

11 Geo. III. 14° Decem 5

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said A cl of the 23d of Henry the 8 th. Cap. v; and also,

An Act passed in the S xth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for paving the Streets " and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwork, and certain Parts adjacent in the County of " Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the 11 fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Pafsages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein ;" — were severally read.

By which last mentioned Act it is Enacted, That, in case of the repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying, any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, within the Limits described in the said Act, Notice is to be given to the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, or to their Surveyor or Clerk, who are to cause the same to be repaired, and the Expences thereof are to be paid by the said Commissioners, who are to bereimbursed by the Commissioners of Sewers; and the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act of the 6th of His present Majesty, are further impowered to turn the Course of Gutters, to alter or repair Grates, to make new ones, to make new Sewers, or to repair, alter, cleanse, or empty, the old Sewers at their Discretion; the Expences of all which Works are directed to be defrayed by the Commissioners of Sewers; and in case of Non-payment the said Commissioners are empowered to bring an Action or Actions at Law, against the Petitioners Clerk or Treasurer, for recovering such Sums as shall have been expended for the Purposes aforei'aid. Then

Mr. Thomas Lintall, Clerk to the Commissioners of Sewers, produced a Bill of Expences, as delivered to him, amounting to £. 705. 155. 9; and said, That Seven

other Bills had been afterwards delivered to him, amounting to £. 548, on which they have brought an Action against him — That he pleaded he did not owe the Money; upon which, Issue was joined, and the Cause came on to be tried the last Summer Assizes for the County of Surrey. — The Plaintiff having declared in an Action of Debt — The Counsel for the Defendant made a Question, Whether it should not have been an Action upon the same ? Lord Mansfield, the Judge, who tried the Cause, directed the Jury to find a conditional Verdict on the Fourth Count of the Plaintiff’s Declaration for £. 22, which Verdict was to be subject to the Opinion of the Court of King’s Bench, upon a same to be stated as to the Propriety of the said Action being brought as an Action of Debt; and if the Court of King’s Bench should be of Opinion with the Plaintiff, the Verdict was to (land, and the Plainriff was to be at Liberty to bring a future Action for the Residue of his Demand; but if the Court should be of Opinion with the Defendant, the Verdict was not to (land, but the Defendant was to be at Liberty to enter up a Judgment of Nonsuit against the Plaintiff: So the Cause stands at present, it not having been yet argued.

Then the Commission of Sewers was produced, and read; and,

Mr. Thomas Lintall, being again examined, said. That the Commissioners have no Authority to raise Money for Work they do not perform; that their Commission extends far into the County of , and even into

Kent; and that it would be very hard had they a Power to r.iife Money upon the rest of the County, who receive no Benefit from the Sewers in the Borough: — That the whole Extent of the Commission is divided intofeparate Districts, and that Money is raised upon the several Districts in Rotation, as it is wanted for the Execution of the Commission, and, as it is collected, is paid into the Hands of the general Expenditor, and by him paid out by Order of the Commissioners of Sewers for necessary Repairs; nor are the Commissioners of Sewers impowered by their Commission to expend any of the Money by them raised, except upon Works which shall appear either by View of the Commissioners, or the Presentment of a Jury, to require Reparation or Amendment; neither of which

Vol. 33.

previous necessary Measures have been taken in the Works done by the Commissioners of the Pavements: That there are Seventeen public Sluices under the Commission, which are repaired, or made new, as the Cale requires; and the Rates are made on the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, drained or benefited thereby That there are Twenty-two or Twenty-three Districts; and that the Rates are always made by Juries:

That the last Rate made for the'District which contains the Limits under the Direction of the Commissioners of Pavements, was on the 6th of February 1766, and amounted to £.944. 171. which was paid into the general Fund, and from thence issued as Occasion required.

And the Bailiff to the Commissioners of Sewers informed your Committee, that the next District in Rotation to be taxed was the aforesaid District: Then Mr. Gunter, Solicitor to the Commissioners for Pavements, said, That he was directed to bring an Action against the Commissioners of Sewers for £.705, on Two several Claul'es relating to the Grates and Sewers; that £.548, Part of that Sum, was for repairing and cleansing Sewers, and the Remainder for fixing Grates; that the Reason for bringing the Action for the Sum of £.548 only, was, because "the Paving Act authorizes the Com-’missioners to bring an Action against the Clerk for the Expence of repairing Sewers only, and the Commissioners of Sewers are by the Act directed to pay the Expences of the Grates'; the Commissioners of Pavements are not authorized to recover the same from their Clerk, but from the Commissioners.

Mr. John Fellowes, Surveyor to the Commissioners of Pavements for the Eastern Division of , pro-

duced to your Committee an Account of the Expenditure of the said Sum of £.705. 15*. 9 whereby it appeared, that Part of the Expence was incurred for covering. Part for turning, extending, enlarging, and cleansing, the Sewers, and Part for carting away the Soil.

John Middlmarsh, Esquire, one of the Commissioners of Sewers, and Expenditor, informed your Committee, That the Commissioners are not impowered to raise any Money for calling and cleansing Sewers; and that the Commissioners always call a Jury to make the Rates.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, " for paving " the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough " of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching " the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Pafsages, adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein," as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers.

The first Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, " for paving the " Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of " Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching,

the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and " Passages, adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein," as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers: And that Sir Francis , Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Joseph Martin, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pringle presented to the House, according to Or-

S der,

Selkirk

Ruad.

66 140 Decembris. A. 1770.

der, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whitechapel A Bill for better paving that Part of the High Street, Paving. ]n t|ic Parish of Saint Mary otherwise White-

chapel, which lies in the County of and for

removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to.Slr Charles Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in Paving, the several Parishes of S, , Saint , Saint __

John the Evangelist, Saint' Martin in the Saint

Anne, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Precind

of The Savoy, and the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, within the City and Liberty of and

County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other the Owners and Occupiers of Houses within the said several Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and that the Petitioners apprehend, there are divers Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Bill, which do very materially affect their Rights, Privileges, and Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as the Petitioners conceive to affect such their Rights, Privileges, and Interests; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inflrudion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Marine Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Porce*. Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore; And the same was received; and read tIre First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be-read a Second Time.

Land Tax. Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Ser-

vice of the Year 1771: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mutiny Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Defection, upon t]lc B|jj for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instru<ftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for regulating the Manner in which the Civil Magistrate, requiring the Aid and Assistance of the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty’s Forces, shall call for that Aid and Assistance.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report^ when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building Wertminfer Westminster Bridge, being offeredto.be presented to the Bridge. House; ( ‘

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament passed in the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, constituted, appointed, and continued, Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining, preserving, and supporting the same when built, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and that the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them, by the said Acts, have, with the utmost Care, caused the said Bridge to be built, which has been passable many Years: And that the Petitioners have likewise, from Time to Time, proceeded with the greatest Caution and Frugality, in carrying into Execution the other Trusts teposed in them by the said Acts; and that the Petitioners find that they cannot make an effectual and constant Provision for the maintaining, supporting, cleansing, watching, lighting," paving, and gravelling, the said Bridge, and for preserving the same from Annoyances and other Damages unless the House shall grant them Monies for those Purposes:

And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Sums of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That B'lli to the Speaker do write to such Eldest Sons and Heirs Ap- l^ei L°rJl* parent of Peers, King’s Serjeants, and Mailers in Chancery, as are Members of this House, and to the Attorney and Solicitor General, and request them to attend in their Places, every Day, at Two of the Clock, and to aiiift in carrying Bills to the Lords;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. 3*'

TeUersforthtNoes,j^;^"’r jro4.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro Member*, posed. That no Member of this House shall go into the House of Lords while that House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting the re, without the Leave of this House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Order* of put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read; d»e Day.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers

11 Geo. III. 14° — 150 —

Tellers for the Yeas,}*f"h"* } .

Teller for (he Noes^J;: } 39-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

w*y» and The Order of the Day being read, accordingly, for the Mrans. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Chaplain. Ordered, That Mr. Burke have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's upon

Wedesday, the 30th Day of ’January next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

[7® Decembris. 67

passed in the Ninth Year of His pnHent Majesty,* for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable,

Hitchin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at

or near Bourn Bridge, and from the West End of Lane tt> the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties or Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royston District of Roads in the said Act particularly mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ballingdoa Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of lingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lowick for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Indofuie. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Lowick, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 15° Decembris;

m Anno 1 r° Georgii IIPir Regis, 1770.

Praters.

Land Tax. A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1771, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, ThOit this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Matiny Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported _ from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Dafcruon. gjj for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Marine A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine

Force*. Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Sixraker,

Tring The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Road*. Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act

Vol. 33.

Lvneey 17* die Decembris;

Anno ii* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1770.

Praters.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Farmers, and others, Whitechapel of the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto Plvu,£* fiibscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others passing from the said County, through Mile End, to London and Parts adjacent, on the Turnpike Road, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfehn, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth.

That the Tolls proposed to be laid thereby will greatly injure the Petitioners, and aifeft the Trade and Tillage of the said County of Essex; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case the new-intended Pavement takes place, the Market for Hay and Straw, which has been usually kept in the High Street, cannot be continued there without too great an Inconvenience to the Petitioners and the Public, but ought to be removed to some more convenient Place: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may aifeft them, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conlidetation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

68 17° Decembris. . 1770.

A Aon- A Petition of Morgan Graces, Esquire, Lord of the

Subedge Manor of Afion Subedge, in the County of and

Inclosure. Owner of a great Part of the Lands within the Manor and Parish of Aston Subedge aforesaid, Benjamin Rest or

of the said Parish, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided intb specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dowdeswell and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Snaith A Petition of Edward , Esquire, and several other

Inclosure. Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Estates, Rights of Common, and other Interests, in the Open and Common Fields, within the Township of Great Heck and Little in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, certain Common Fields, and a Common, and several Ings, and other Pasture and Marshy Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, if would be a great Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lascelles and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

CTlyde A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual. Navigation, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth, or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Bumfoot in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a navigable Cut or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowjlounness, to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dttndas, Sir Alexander Gilmowr, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kentith- The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, to Town whom the Bill to impower Charles , Esquire, to

Footpath, shut up certain Foot Paths, in the Parish of Saint

eras, alias Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex, and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a Footpath in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the.House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Pe- Glasgow tition of several of the Trustees to Two Acts passed in Road*, the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and others, in the County of Dumbarton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to amend the Roads included in the said Acts; and that the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, being a Part of the Roads directed by the said Acts to be amended, is not yet completed, nor can the same be done during the subsisting Term, or under the Provisions of the said Acts; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be a Means of facilitating the Repairs of the said Road, if the same was made a separate District and a separate Trust: And therefore praying,' That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the Road from Glasgow to Dumbarton, and to make the said Road a separate District, with such further and other Powers as shall be sufficient to complete the said Road, and keep the same in Repair for the future, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the said Counties.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Marine to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Force* upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land Tax. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1771, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1769, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 17 71.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brazening and Mr. Montagu:

8 Mr.

X t Geo. IIL

170 DecenibriSi

6 g

Mfi Speaker*

Malt, ate. The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act - for continuing* and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Math, Cyder* and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Scventyone} without any Amendment: And also, Qoieting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

butyeft*. amend lb much of an Adk, made in the Ninth Year

of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Adk made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment what foe ver, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, of

Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the fame, therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Marineri The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Adk *»e for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve earned. jn j_jjs Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels; without any Amendment: And also,

Nat*2* ^e Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Letvis Benjamin Crinfoz; without any Amendments

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Royal A (lent A Message by Sir Francis Melyneux, Gentleman Uiber

» Bill*, the Rod.

» Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That* the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com-piiffion aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the tjjreat Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke.of Grafton, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Earl of Marchmont, the Lord and the Lord

Harwich, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one:

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of J&iqg James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting His Majesty’s Right, Title, or Claim, to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, of The Savoy, in the County of , or

to any the Appurtenances to the fame, therein mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present . Vol.

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing 2nd widening the High Road leading from the North End of Balling-don Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the-

South Gate in Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County:

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Jring, in the County of Hertford, through.

Hit chin, Baldock, and Royfion, to the Turoptke Road at

or near Bourn Bridge, and from the West End of bury Lane, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of

Barton, in the Counties of HertfordBucks, Bedford, and Cambridge, To far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royfion District of Roads, in the said Act particularly mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of L in the County of Northampton:

An Act for naturalizing Leivis Benjamin Crinfoz.

An ingrafted Bill for. punishing Mutiny and Defer- Mutiny and tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Desertion. Quarters, was read the Third Time. s

The Amendment following was proposed to be made , to the Bill i viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 14. To leave out his Royal Authority," and insert " some Person duly authorized by him."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Thit the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act fotpunishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the bettlr Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Sir tywrUs Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fuller informed the House, that the Select Com- New mittee, who were appointed to try and determine the Shoreham Merits of the Petition of Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, com- E*e"ion‘ plaining of an undue Tleftion and Return for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, have determined.

That Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Shore ham, in the County of Sussex.

And also that the said Committee have determined.

That the said Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of New Shoreham.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of John Purling, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Fatter also reported from the said Select Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had drafted him to report to the House; and he read the Report io his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

.Rejoined, That it appears to this Committee, That, at the last Elefkion for Nan Shoreham, 87 Persons voted for _Mr. Rumbold, 37 for Al r.PurMug, and for Mr. James:

That all who voted for Mr. Rumbold, except One, took, the Bribery Path before they gave their Votes: That Hugh Robots* the Returning Officer, put Queries to the Names of 76 of the Voters for Mr.-Rumbold, at the Time they gave their Votes; and immediately on the Clote of the Poll declared Mr. Purling dply elected.

T

7o 170 — r8° D.: ‘ 1770.

RefohteJ, Th*H<t ti the Opinion of this Committee, That the Conduct of the Returning Officer, in taking ' the Poll, and making the Return, at the last Electkm of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, was illegal,

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, in the Borough of New Shoreham, a Society has for many Years subsisted, which has assumed the Name of The Christian Society; that none but Voters for Rapresenta-tives in Parliament were ever admitted into the Society, and that a great Majority of t-he Voters for New Shoreham were Members; that the Society had a constant Clerk; that they held a regular Monthly, and frequent oceafidnal Meetings; and that whenever they met, a Flag was hoisted to give Notice of such Meeting; that the Members of the Society, about Three Years ago, entered into Articles for railing aBd dn ftributing small sums- of Money to charitable Uses, but that these Articles were designed only to covet* the rodtl Intent of their Institution; that the prin-. cipal Purpose of their Meetings was, for what they called Burgessing Business; that they all took an Oath of Secrecy, and entered into a Bond, under a Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to bind them altogether, with regard to Burgessing, but that the Condition of the Bond does not precisely appear; that upon any Vacancy, hi the Representation of the Borough, the Society always appointed a Committee to treat with the Candidates for the Purchase of the Seat, and that the Committee were cohft’antly instructed to get the most Money, and make the best, Bargain, they could; that the Society never ap-"pointed a Committee-.for any other Purpose, and that they had no Handing Committee; that",' bn a false Report of the Death of Sir Samuel in February last,

the Society was called together by-the Signal of the Flag; that many of the Members at that Meeting I which" wa^ very' numerous) declared they; would'support the highest Bidder 5 that feme, and amongst them Roberts, the Returning Officer at the last Election, expressed themselves offended such a Declaration, and laid, That they werd afraid of Consequences, for the Society was only a Heap of Bribery, and withdre'w-ifrorn the Society; that one of those who withdrew, goings Abpuf Two Months ago, to a Meeting of the Society, was treated with harfti Expressions, and told he came tunongst them as a Spy; that',-however, the Society continued to meet; that their Meetings were freqtfent near the Time of the Election;- that it was said, that a Committee was appointed after the Death of Sir Samuel Gornish; that none of the Members'said to be of that Committee voted at the last Election, though most of them were in New Shoreham on the Day of the Election; that. Three Days before the Electron, the Society was-reported to be diflblve$, but that the Members of it have linee refuriaed their-Meetings: That, after Evidence of theiie Fasts had been ‘laid before this Committee, the Courifel for Mh Purlin* informed this Committee, that-he was instructed, by his Client, to acquaint the Court, that he could1 hot carry his same further than by the Witnesses already examined; that-he could - not impeach Mr. Rumbold’s Election, or a tied: his Votes; and therefore that-he would not give Hitii'ariy more-Trouble.*; " 1 ’'

Resolved, That it 'is the Opinion of this Committed, That this Committee,* having'tried the Matter of the ‘Petition referred _lo them, eanhot :.rnUdke:atiy-fufttier Itt-quiry mtcf the TfarHadiohs of the1 Society .- -

Refched, That it is the Opinion-Sf-’thib Cdmrhittef, JTh£t a further Inquiry irtto five Tfafnfeftions df’the said ’’Society ought fb be made. <_ ' .

- Tlse House Was moved, That an Act made in'frhe last Session of* Parliament; intituled, * Ah'Ad so regulate the "Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members . fd serve rh Parliament,"-might be read. ?-

And the same being read accordingly V -T --’ - ....

Ordered, That the said Report-be taken iftto further Considerat ioA'-'uj*oft 'JFftfdny ihe - 29th Day Of 'fteittV'-

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That no Member of this House shall go into the House of Lords; or any Committee of the Whole House fitting the re, without the Leave of this House; 1

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the kid Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Weeks.

A Petition of Dorothy Monck, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, in the Names of John, Robert, James, and William James , Clementina Pawson, William Kitchiner, and the- Petitioner,

for Leave to bring in a Bill to authorize the Petitioners to take in, inclose, and irtYbank, a Part of the River T/tames,.lying near, or adjoining to, Durham , Sa/if-bttry Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings; and that the Petitioner- authorised the said James Paine to act for her, in endeavouring to procure tin Act of ^Parliament for the Purpose aforesaid, under which vAuthority (being unacquainted with the Rules and Orders of thO House) he subscribed the Petitioner’s Name to the said Petition; ai)d that I he-Petitioner is informed* that this Proceeding is irregular; and contrary to Stn^irling Order of the House relating to the signing of Petitions'; and that the subscribing the Petitioner’s Name in the: Manner aforesaid, proceeded merely from being unacquainted with the Fosms prescribed by the House in that respect, and not ' from any unfair Intention: And, therefore praying the HjSfnfe, to take the Premtles into Confidention, and that she may not (from such Irregularity) be deprived of the "'Benefit Ihe proposed to herself from the said Petition. *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John, Robert, James, and , and James

Paine, Architects, Dorothy Monck, Widow, Clementina Pazvfon, Widow, and William Kitchiner, Coal Merchant, is referred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning . next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-consider further of Ways and Meahi for tailing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refolded, That this-Houis will, upon Morn-

ing ne\r,. resolve1 itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And. then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teh of the Clock.'

Mortis, 18° di Decembris;

♦ , % 4

- Anno 11* Georgii III'" -Regis, 1770.

Prayers. *

THE Deputy Clerk- of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return fer the Borough of New Shoreham, \a \\ie County of Sitssex.

A Petition of the Justices of the -Peace, Gentlemen,

Clergy, and Freeholders;- of the County of Sujftx, and others, whose Names arethere-unto subscribed, was pre-fertted to the Hoilfe, aind raid; Setting forth. That the Roads from a Place on the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmjione, to the County Oak on Level Heath, in -the County of Sussex, called Hand Cross, iti the Parish bt Slaugham, through Saint Leonard's to a Place call-

ed Pepper's Gate, in the North Part of the Parish of Beeding, otherwise Seal, and from thence through Street, in the Parish of Cowfold, to a Place called Corner House, in the Parish of Sherman bury, and from thence, 8 ovut

Lane

ofcttie:

House.-

Thame*

Embank-

uienc.

Way* an I Mean*.

Supply.

Nevr

Shorcham

Election*

Hand-Croft Roads.

t

i \ Geo. III. 18° Decetn.* 71

over Partridge Green, in the Parish of Grhi/ied, to the Turnpike Road leading from to Steyning, in

the said County; and from Comer aforesaid, over Moikbridge and Cronch to the Pole in the Town of Henfie/dy in the said County, are importable for Wheel Carriages in the Winter Season, and very dangerous and difficult for Persons travelling in Carriages or on Horle-back at all Times j and that the making the said Roads lafe and commodious would be of great Convenience to the adjacent Country, and of general Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manfier'as to the House llsall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corv-fvderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt, Mr. , See.:

And they arp to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Marine Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Force*. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill.for the Regulation of His. Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the "Committee had made to the Bill, and which the}''.had directed hitn to report to rbe House; and he read thtf Re-.port ip his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cletk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereonce read throughout; and then a Second Time, Otje by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Thame* The House being informed, that forae of the ATder-nd Ifi* men, and several. of the Common Council, of the City of avigation. London, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at, the Bar. presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council af-Tciftbled,

And then they withdrew. „

, And the said Petition Wa6 read Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes/that a Petition is de- pending, for Leave to bring in a Bill for>improving and completing the Navigation of the River Thames and Isis, from the City of London West ward, to the Town of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, and for defraying the Expeaces thereof, by laying an additional Duty of One Penny per Ton, or Chaldron, on all Coals and Culm imported into the Port of > for a certain Term, or by

any other Mode of Taxation; and representirlg to thfe House, that the City of Lo have a Right to the Con-fervancy of the River Thames Westward, from London to a Stone calle<ULcw<&« Stone, near Staines', and that the Powers prayed for in the said Petition-.would manifestly interfere with their Jurisdictiotr; and that the Duty on Coals is already very burthehfome, and any additional Weight on that needfary Commodity would be attended with Consequcoces very perniejoys to the Trade of the City of London and Parts adjacent; nor can there be the Jeaft Pretence for railing any Money for the Purposes of that Petition, as a Petition is at present depending, for making a navigable Canal, from the.Borough of Reading, to Monkey ljiand, which wiil be a shorter* caster, cheaper, safer, and more commodious. Navigation than any that c?n be made by the present Current of the River Thames: And therefore praying.’That they may be heard, by their Counsel. against the said Petition and receive such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.-

Ordered, That the said Petitiotvlle referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of , the several Commifitoners of the Navigation of -the Ri-

.. Voi. 33.

vers Thamts and IJis', whflfd- Ndme* are ijieleurilo subscribed, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners,

Trailefmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Berks, Bucks, , and

Wilts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before ftie said Committee, upon their Petition, if they ThThtTfir. ’ *

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. that they do adroit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

The House being informed, that some of the Alder- Reading men, and several of the Common Council, of the City of '-anal-London, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ... 4

A Petition of the Lord M^yor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council a£-

sembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, tlidt 'a Petition is depending, for making a Navigable Canal, or Cut, from the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Monkey IJlatsd, in the same County; and that the Petitioners are , convinced, that! the carrying the said^Design into/Exe- *

cution will greatly facilitate the Intercourse between the City of London and the Westerh Parts oft lie Kingdom, and be highly advantageous to the PubHd: And therefore praying, That all proper Encouragement may'be ’given to the said Undertaking, and that Bill rrfay be brought in for completing the lame, in such Manner as to the Houfb shall appear reasonable. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be fefprrecl to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen,

Freeholders, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of ampton, Wilts, and Berks', whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Land Tax. from the Committee of the whole Hoyffe, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1771, was committed, the Amendments Which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question' fcve-Yally put thereupon, were agteed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,'With the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for enlarging the Term -and Powers of an Act Selkirk made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His prefen't Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, was read a Second Time.. .

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Gilbert Elliot, See.': And they1 are to meet rhis Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, iii the'' Speaker’s Chamber. , 1 '

An ingrafted Bill to impower Charles Fttzroy, Eftjutrfc, Kentish-to (hut up certain Foot Paths, in the Parish of Saint - p0Jt°p"t^ eras, alias Xentish Town, in the County of and

to oblige him to make, and keep irl Repafrfor the future, a Footpath in lieu thereof; was read the Third Time.

Refobodd, That the Bill dopafsr And that the ^Title be. An Act to impower Clsarles Fitzroy, Esquire, to shut up certain Foot Paths, in the Parish of Pancras, alias

Kentish Town, in the County of Mand to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a Footpath in lieu thereof.

Ordered,

Oldered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1 And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurtiy 190 die Decetnbris;

Anno n# Georgii III1" Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

Weobley /~\RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Hereford \in the room of the honourable Henry Frederick Thyme, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Postmaster General.

Hud Croft Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Ao«d». the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Stiffen, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth > viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Ellis, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from a Place called Hand , in the Parish of Slaugham, through Saint Leonard's to a Place call-

ed Pepper's Gate, in the Parish of and from

thence through Cowfold , to a Place called Corner Hottfein the Parish of , and from thence

over Partridge Green;to the Turnpike Road leading from

HorfJtam to Steyning; and from Corner House aforesaid, to the May Pole, in the Town of ,in the County of

.Suffix; are so ruinous and bad, as to be impassable for Wheel Carriages in the Winter Season, and dangerous to Travellers in Carriages and on Horseback at all Times; and that the tame cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand , to Corner Hotffe, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to; and from Corner House

r aforesaid, to the Maypole, in the Town of , in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. , Mr. Fernon,

Mr. Medley, and Mr. F, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Land Tax. An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1771, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a ' Land Tax, to bp raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1771.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chamber- The House being informed, that Mr. William Monta-

London’j ^rom t*ic Office of Chamberlain of the City of Low-

Account*. ^tended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar; presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief

Decembris. A*1770.

of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1770 ! And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in plirfuance of the Acts for building and completing a Bridge at Black Friars, from the 28th Day of September 1769, exclusive, to the 28th of September 1770, inclufltet And

also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London, from the 28th Day of September 1769, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1770, inclufire:

And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for repairing The Royal Exchange, in the City of London, from the 28th Day of September 1769, exclusive, to the 28th Day o(September 177p,in« lufive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, from the 28th Day of September 1769, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1770, inclusive:

And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, Idc. from the 28th Day of September 1769, to the 28th of September 1770, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third intern. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, Roftmary-to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Streets La.ne and Places thereinafter particularly mentioned, whose *ov,n8* Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Inhabitants of the said several Places, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the AJlegations of the said Petition, Mr. Alderman Shakespear being examined, said, he knows the Street called Rosemary Lane, from the Boundary of the Parish of Aldgate, to Cable Street, the said Street called Cable Street, the Foot Path in the Street called Back Lane, the Precinct of Welldofi, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane in Eafi Smithfield to Ratcliff Cross, the Street

called

ii Geo. III. 190 — 210 73

called Butcher Row and Brook , within the Tower

Hamlets, and County of and also the several

Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the fame; that they are in a very ruinous Condition, and rendered dangerous and incommodious by many Encroachments and other Annoyances; and that they cannot be properly repaired, and the Nuisances removed, by the Laws in being.

Mr. James Thwaites, being examined; confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving and regulating Bojef from the Parish of Aldgale to Cable Street; also the said Cable Street, the Footpath in Back La)ie, the Precinct of the

Street leading from Nightingale Lane, to Ratcliffe Cross, Butcher Row, and Brook Street; and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages opening into the same; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: Arid that Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Totmfend, and Mr. Alder-. man Sawbridge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

tapping . Mr. Alderman Oliver Reported from the Committee; Paving. to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Streets and Places therein afrermentioned, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Inhabitants thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; anti is as followeth; viz.

, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Curtis, being examined, said. That the Pavements or the Street leading from the Hermitage Bridge, in the Parish of Saint John of W in the County of dlej'ex, to a Place called N Crane, in the Parish of Saint

Paul Shadwell, called W and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the fame, are in a very ruinous Condition, and very unsafe by many Incroachments and Obstructions, particularly One in Wapping Street, by a House projecting too for into the said Street, and other Annoyances, and for the want of a convenient Passage out of the said Street at the West End thereof.

And further said, That if Provision was made for completing a commodious Pavement in the said Streets and Places, and for removing the several Incroachments and Annoyances therein, and preventing the like for the future; and for making a Passage out of Little Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane, and for paving the said last mentioned Street and Passage, and the East Side of Nightingale Lane, as far as the End of Bur Street, the same would greatly tend to the Benefit of the Inhabitants, and the Public in general.

Mr. Ea ward Fox, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving Wapping Street, in the County of Middlesex and the several Streets and Passages leading into the same; and for removing all Encroachments and Ohflrudlions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street, into Nightingale Lane, and for paving such Passage, and the East Side of Nightingale Lane:And that Mr. Alderman ver, Mr. Alderman Town/and Mr. Alderman Saw-

bridge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords by Mr and Mr.

s.nguish:

Mr. Speaker,

WlnchsAcr The Lords have agreed to the B’ll, intituled, An Act Pa»ing. for the better paving, repairing, cleanffng, lightii^, and watching, the Streets, and other public Passages, within the City of Wiuchef.trt and also v.ithiu il.c several Parishes

Slipt'

of Saint Bartholomew Hyde, Saint John's itl the Soke,

Saint Peter's Cheefchill.Saint Suit kin, and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, InC‘°!ur* Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And ailo.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Portmao’s for naturalizing Gerard Perlman; without any Amendment.

And tliien the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Fiiday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Na.

Veneris, 210 die Decembris;

Annb ii# Georgii II1, U Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

A Petition of the honourable Spencer Confer, Dotftor of Elvet iL V. Divinity, Dean, and the Chapter of Durham, of the Common Cathedral Church of Christ and Blessed Mary the , Ldofure. Lords of the Manor, Barony, and Borough of Elvet, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed; and also of the several Freeholders and others, Owners of ancient Dwelling Houses, situate and being within the said Manor, Barony, and Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed* for and on the Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of ancient Dwelling Houses, having Right of Common in and upon a certain Moor or Common, and certain Intercommon Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there is a certain Moor, or Common, within, and belonging to, the said Manor, Barony, and Borough, called Elvet Moor, containing by Estimation Four hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are also certain inclcled Lands and Grounds, situate within the said Manor, Barony, and Borough, belonging to different People, which laid Lands and Grounds are subjcift to such Right of Intercommon as herein after is mentioned; and that the said Dean and Chapter being Lords of the said Manor, and as such are Owners of the Soil, Inheritance* and Royalties, of the said Moor or Common, and they and the other Petitioners, and several other Owners of ancient Dwelling Houses within the said Manor, Barony, and Borough, in respect of their said ancient Dwelling Houses, are entitled to a Right at all Times in the Year todepaflure their Commonable Cattle upon the said Moor or Common, and also at certain Times in the Year in and upon the said Intercommon Lands and Grounds,

Part whereof are situate within the said Manor, Barony, and Borough, and other Part thereof in the Township of

Crofgate, in the said County; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous that the said Moor or Common (which in its present State and Condition is of very little Ule or Service) may be inclosed* set out, and allotted unto, and divided amongst, the several Owners of ancient Dwelling Houses entitled to Right of Common thereon; and that the said Intcrcommon Lands and Grounds may be freed and discharged from all Right of Intercom-tnening therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Vane and Mr. Charles Town/henddo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

U

s,

74 ' ai° 1770.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk o (the Crown, ^to make out a new Writ For the Electing of a Commissioner to 1’erVe in this present Parliament for the Shire of Orkney and Zetland, in the room of Thomas Dundas, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of Police, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Morden Mr. Eiver presented to the House, according to Or-

College der, a Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement Agreement. raade between Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Prior den College, in the County of , for enabling PI is Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenstone Hill, in the Parish of Greenivich, in the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Tdrms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Ppnfions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Mer-' chants, in the said College: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That dip Bill be read a Second Time.

Oxford Mr. Serjeant Nares reported from the Committee, to Poor, whom the Petition of the several Churchwardens and Overseers of the several Paddies of Saint Aldates, other-wile Saint Tolls, All Saints, Saint Saint Giles's,

Holywell, otherwise Saint Crofs, Saint John's, Saint Mary Magdalen, Saint Mary the Virgin, Saint Peter's in the East, Saint Martins, Saint Michaels, Saint Peter le Bailey, Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Nicholas, and Bin-fey, in the City of Oxford, and of the Parish of -

sett, otherwise Saint Clement's near the said City, and of several other Inhabitants of the said City and Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Walker, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Poor of the said Cijty are very numerous, and maintained at the Rate of 6j. 8 d.in the Pound, and 4*. 6 the

lowed; and that the granting proper Powers for the better Government and Regulation of the said Poor, and ppsviding a Place for their general Reception, will be of great Convenience to the said City, and an Assistance and Relief to the Poor thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better ^regulating the Poor within the City of Oxford: An 1 that Mr. Serjeant Nares and Colonel Harcourt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Middlesex A Petition of His Majesty’s Commissioners of Sewers Sewers.for the Limits in the County of Middlesex, extending from the Parishes of Hampton, Tedington, Twickenham, Isleworth, Hanwell, Brentford, Acton, Ealing, Chiswick, Hammersmith, Fulham, Kensington, and Chelsea, the City of Westminster, and Precincts of the fame, and so to Temple Bar, the Parish es of Saint Giles's in the Fields, and Saint George’s Bloomsbury, Pancras, Mary-le-Bone, Hampflead, Wilfden, and Paddington, and so to the River Thames, in the County aforesaid, or in the Borders or Confines of the fame, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Commission of Sewers under the Great Seal hath, according to the Form appointed by the Statute of the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, subsisted for an hundred Years and upwards, and is now in force, giving Jurisdictior. through the City and Liberties of W and other the Limits beforementioned; and that the Commissioners have oc-caliopally, at the Instance of Persons aggrieved by Inundations, exercise Jurisdiction over the Sewers within . the Limit', mentioned in the Commission, and in the Year

t<5->

1769, repaired and amended divers Sewers within tl.c Parishes of Atlon and Chiswick, and Hamlet of/ smith, in which Sewers there was no Ebb and Flow, or Passage of Boats; and that, by a same determined in the Court of King’s Bench, in the last Trinity Term, it appears, that the Commissioners have not, by any of the Statutes in force, Jurisdiction over the Sewers before described, although it is from Defects of those Sewers that great E.vils have, within the Limits of the said Coin-mission, ari&g^ryid may be expected in future: And therefore pnjpW, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for gtfltpgt to the said Commissioners, within the feveraiJLrf^gi- mentioned in the Commission, the like Jurisdiction over Sewers wherein there is neither Ebb or Flow, nor Passage of Boats, as they by the Statutes now in Force have over Sewers in which there is Ebb and Flow, and Passage of Boats, or within Two Miles of the City of London; and that a Clause be contajjgdjn such Bill, giving Authority to the said Commissi^wsMo make a proper and equal Rate to defray the Expetices which have been incurred in Manner bqfoEementioned, or such other Powers and Provisions as the*Nature of the same may require. v

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are, to meet upon the 22d Day of January next, at Nine of the Clock in the Morning, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- Whitechapel ing to Order, a Bill for better paving the Streets, Squares, Paving. Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in that Part of Goodman's Fields which lies in the Parish

of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street and Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Boulton be added to the Gentlemen, Had India who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Military the more effectually railing a Military Force, for the force* Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Ways and 23d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee MeaDS-of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Supply.

23d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brozvning and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax. for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to tLe Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Desertion. Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

Th» Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mtrine for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while forces, on Shore; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Kentish-Tcw n Paving.

SMtrd Beef, Pork, See.

Lockington

iLclo.iue.

kojal A (Tent

to

Bills.

i f Geo. III. 21° Decembris. — 22 Januaril. ^75

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Charter Fitzroy, Esquire, to lhut up certain Foot Paths, in the Parish of Saint alias

Town, in the County of Middlesex; and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the futura, a Foot Path in Lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in tliawfiAb Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitulfHph. Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacotqr'twLBut-ter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for wlewitag the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon; and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to thfe Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Paftu res,‘Commons, Carrs, and other Uninclosed Ground', within the several Townships of Locking!on and dyke, in the East Riding of the County of Yorkj and for extinguishing the Right of Common or Average upon certain ancient Inclosures within the said Township of Lockinglon; without any Amendment. *

And then the MessengW* withdrew.

AMcfiageby Sir Francis M Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House; at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Af-sent to several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned { and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of , and several other

Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord President of the Council, and the Earl of Marchmont, and the Lord Mansfield, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Fortes, while on Shore t

An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, P> rk, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time:

An Act lur the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Passages within the City of (Vnchand also within the several Parishes of Saint Barthol Hyde, Saint John's

in the Soke, Saint Peters CheSaint , and

Saint Muhael, in the (Vtstoke, in the Suburbs of the said City; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances Vol. 33.

therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: . *

An Act to impower Charles Fitzroy, Esquire* to lliut up certain Foot Paths, in the Parish of Pancras, alias Kentish Town, in the county of ; and to

oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a Foot Path in lieu thereof:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the County of Northampton:

A Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Carrs, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the several Townships of Lockinglon and Ayke, in the East Riding of the County of York-, and for eXtinguishing the Right of Common or Average upon certain ancient inclosures, within the said Township of Lockington:

An Act for naturalizing Gerard Portman,

And then the House adjourned till Tufiday the Twenty-second Day of January next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis, ’ 2 2° diJanuarii; Anno ii° Georgii III*" Regis, 1771. Praybrs.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, interested in a certain Common, or Tract of Land, called Kennard Moor, lying in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, G hi ft anbury, in the County of Somerset, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a Common, or Tract of Land, called or known by the Name of Kennard Moor, containing Acres,

more or less, situate in or near the said Parish, which lies waste, uninclosed, and unmanured, and, for Want of fufliciertt Drains, subject to be overflowed great Part of the Year, and is of very little Value to the Petitioners, who are intitled to much the greatest Parts or Shares thereof; and that, if the said Common or Tract of Land was divided, allotted, and apportioned, according to the respective Number of Commons and Shares each Proprietor hath in the said Common or Tract of Land, and their said Shares inclosed, fenced in, drained, and improved, it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing, according to each Person’s Right in the fame, the said Common or Tract of Land, called Kennard Moor, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other substantial Inhabitants, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from BeJJe/fieigh, through (Vantage, to Hunger/ord, and from (Vantage to Marlborough, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and -

ford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon / VantageDotvns; and from the said Old Red House to Lamborn, are in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and in so ruinous a Condition, especially in the Winter Sealon, that Travellers cannot pass without great Danger: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to luring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Roads, and such other Relief in the Pa-miles, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Kennard

Moor

Inciufure.

Wan'age

Roads.

76 22° Jdnuarii. A. 1771;

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

8tc.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Mine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power td fend for Persons, Papers, arid Records.

Reading A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Roads, put in Execution Three Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reigtt of her Majesty Queen and the First and Twentieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between The Bear Jhh in Reading, and Pitn in the County of and for amending other Roads therein mentioned; and also of several Gentleinen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read $ Sitting forth. That the Petitioners, the Trustees, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, but find the said Highways cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money now owing upon the Credit of the said Acts be repaid, unless the Term thereby, granted is further continued, and the Powers thereof are altered and enlarged; and that the Highway between the West End of the House in Speen-halmland, in the Possession of Edward Sheppard, and the West End of the Highway by the said Acts directed to be repaired, in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired, widep-. ed, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament; and that the Highway leading out of One of the Highways mentioned in the said Acts, at the South End of B flock Lane, \nthe Parishes of and -field, or One of them, to Pang home, in the County of Berks, is very ruinous, and in several Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being; and it would be nearer, and more commodious, if the said Highway was turned through Englefield Common Field, to or near a House in Englefield Street, known by the Sign of The Daggers, and from thence, along Englefield Street, into the old Highway leading out of Englefield Street, through the Parish of Ttdmarsh, by and through a Place there called Hog-

moor, and from thence to the South East Corner of the Yard or Backside belonging to The Castle and Elephant Inn, in Pangborne aforesaid; and the greatest Part of the Land in Englefield Common Field, over which the said new Highway is intended to be carried, being the Property of Powlet fVright, Esquire, who is consenting thereto, and is willing to give his Land for that Pur-j'ofe, provided a Highway leading out of the South West Side of Englefield Street, on the North West Side of the Blacksmith’s Shop there, and from thence by the North West Side of Cranmore Pond, to a Gate leading into the Common Field there, shall be (after making the said new Highway) (hut up and discontinued, and shall from thenceforth be vested in the said Powlet Wright, and his Heirs, as the said Highway will then become uieless to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Freeman, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition for Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, usually lighting D°. travelling the Highway between Reading and

in the County of Berks, whole Names are thereunto lub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed. Application is intended to be made, for Leave to- bring in a Bill to

continue, and render more effectual, several Acts for re pairing the Highways between The Bear Inn in Reading, arid Pitntfield ,in the County of Berks, and for amending other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repair-ing the Highway lying between the West End of a House in Speeithamland, in the Occupation of Sheppard,

and the West End of the Highway by the said Acts directed tb be repaired; and that several Parts of the said Highways, which lead through Towns and Villages, are narrowband thereby Accidents frequently happen in the Night^jurie, Which, the Petitioners apprehend, may in a great Measure be prevented; if the same were properly lighted t And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill; for lighting such Parts of the said Highways as shall be found necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of PFilliam Jones, Esquire, and Elizabeth East Garfloa his Wife, Owners of the Manor of East Garfton, in the Incbfure. County of Berks, and of a great Part of the Open and Commonable Lands within the said Manor; the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ, in the University of Oxford} of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth, Owners of the appropriate Rettory of the Parish of East Garfton aforesaid, and of other Parts of the said Open and Commonable Lands, being Glebe Lands (which said Rectory and Glebe Lands are 'now held by the said William Jones under a Leaf© granted by the said Dean and Chapter) and the several other Persons, whose Names or Seals are thereunto subscribed or set, being Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Downs, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof were allotted td, tartd amongst, the several Proprietors thereof, in Severalty, according and in Proportion to their respetflive Lands and Rights of Common therein, the Parties concerned would be " greatly benefited: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, uri- ’ der such Regulations as the.House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Fanfittart, ^Ax. Kynaston, and Admiral Craven, do prepare, and bring'in; the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and Reading other the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Canal.

don, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the said County of Berks', has been presented to the House, for Leave for a Bill to make a navigable Canal from the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, to a Place called Monkey Istand, in the same County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given -to bring in the said Bill, and that the same may pass into a Law, under such Regulations and Reftrfelions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Whitechapel thereunder subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and Raving. Inhabitants of Houses, on the South Side of the public

High

i i Geo. III. 2-2° Jamarit. 77

High Street, in the Parish of Mary,

otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe from the Votes, that a Bill has been presented for the better paving that Part of, the High Street, in the Parish of Saiftt Mary,

Otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middle sex, and for removing Obflruftions and Annoyances therein; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it is now framed, the Petitioners apprehend, they shall be greatly injured: And therefore praying. That they rtiay be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said JB1II as* may affetft them. .

Ordered, That the said Petition be -referreef to the Consideration of the Committee, to Whom the said Bill is committed; aifcl that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fitv

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the’ same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

fcfiddlesex A Petition of several of the Proprietors and Occupiers Setmi. of Houses, Lands,'and Tenements, in the feveraV Parishes, Hamlets, and Towrtships, of Hampton, Hamp-,' tonwick, Teddington, Twickenham, Hanwe/l,

Brentford, Adon, Ealing, ChiJ'wick, HammerfmithK Pul-# ham, and Wilfden, was presented- to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, from the Commissioners of Sewers within the said County, for a . Bill for extending their Jurisdiction to Sewers wherein there is neither Ebb or Flow nor Passage of Boats, within the several Pari (lies and Places above named, and for other Purposes; and the Petitioners conceive, that such Extension of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners is unnecessary, as there are no Sewers or Watercourses ‘ within the said Parillies, which may not be effectually Heanfed by a due Execution of the Laws now in being; and that the same will be attended with a heavy Charge upon the Properties of the Petitioners, without any real Benefit: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have an Opportunity of offerin^more fully to the House their Reasons against the Prayer-of the ' said Petition. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the: Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of His Majesty’s Commissioners of Sewers for the LP-mits in the Councy of Middlesex, extending from the Parishes of Hampton, Ted Isleworth',

Han ivell, Brentford, Aden, Ealing, Hammer-

smith, Fulham, Kenfngton, and Chelsea, the City of Wtft-

minster and Precincts of the fame, and so td Temple Bar, the Parishes of Saint Giles’s in the Fields, apd Saint George’s B/oonj/bitry, Pancras,

Wilfden, and Paddington, and so to the River Thames, in the County aforesaid, or in the Borden of Confines of the fame, is referred. '

Ordered, That ah have Voices, who come to the said

Committee.

Hodge* A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-itoad. holders, of the County of Sussex, whose Names ate thereunto, subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Road from the Turnpike Road from Tonbridge Wt ells to Lewes, at a Place called,

in the Parish of Mayfield, over Hadley Down, through the several Parishes of Buxted, Maresfield, F/elching, Newick, and Chai/ey, to a Place called Beadles Hill, in the Parish of Lindfield, and from thence to the Town of Lindfield-, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid, through the Parish of Wive/sfield, over HcwartTs , to the Town

of Cuekfield-, and from the Turnpike Road between the

Towns of Cuekfield and , over Saint Leonard’s

VOL. 33.

For eft, to the Town of Horsham, is ruinous, and in several Places narrow and dangerous, so as to be impassable for Wheel Carriages in Winter, and very difficult and . dangerous for Persons travelling in Carriages or. on Horseback at all Times: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred so Mr. Verno, Mr. Fuller,: And they ate to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moyed, That the Order, made upon Whitechapel Monday the 17th Day of December last, for referring tho, Pav*°g* Petition of the Freeholders, Farmers, and others, of the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others passing from the said County, through Mile End, to London, and Parts adjacent, o'n the Turnpike Road, to the Cpnsideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for better Paving that Part , of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of . dlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, is committed, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much."of the said Order, as directs the said Petitioners to be heard by their Counsel. before the said Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard, by themselves, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of John Peter Du Rov and John Daniel Roveray*, Naville, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, &c*

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Edmonstone and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bedwyn the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ,

the Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County of Hilts, in the room of William Northey, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Hopkins presented to the House, according to Whitchurch Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Compionable Lands, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Bucfs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement Morden made between Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General College, of His Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Morden College, in the County of Kent, for enabling His Majesty,

1 His Heirs and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenftone Hill, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer,

Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in the said College, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

X Resolved,

78

2 2° Januarii.

A. 1771,

Resolveid, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve i.tself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill*

Whitechapel A Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are there- Paving. under subscribed, appointed (among others) to put in Execution Three several Atfts of Parliament, for repairing the Highway from Stones ,at Church, in the County of to Shenfield, and

other Places, in the County of and also of several

Gentlemen and others frequently passing the said Roads} was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes* that a Bill is depending, for paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parilfa of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise -

ehapel, which lies in the county of ; and that

the Petitioners find, that it is proposed to lay a Rate upon tire Inhabitants, together with a small Toll upon certain Carriages and Saddle Horles passing through the Turn.-pike Gate at Mile Endj and representing to the House, that the Pavement of the said Street is at present in lb ruinous a State, that it is unsafe for Carriages, and by Means thereof many Persons are prevented from travelling the said Turnpike Road; and that, if the said Street could be properly paved, it would be a great Advantage to Trade, Tillage, and Persons travelling the said Turnpike Road through the said Street; and that, from the Width of the said Street, and the great Wear of the Pavement by the many heavy Carriages using the fame, the Petitioners apprehend, it would be tdo great a Burthen for the Inhabitants to take upon themselves the new paving thereof in a proper Manner, and keeping the same in Repair, without feme Assistance from such Persons as will be benefited thereby; and that the Tolls proposed to be laid by the said Bill will not in the least injure or asse<ft the Trade or Tillage of the said County of Essex: And therefore praying the House, to take the Pretnifes into Consideration; and that the said Bill may pass into A i*W.

D* A Petition of divers Freeholders, Farmers, Traders, and others, rofiding in the County of Essex: And also,

D* Another Petition of divers Freeholders, Farmers, Traders, and others, residing in the county of : And also,

2)* Another Petition of divers Freeholders, Farmers, Traders, and others, residing in the County of pjex:

Were also foverally presented to the House, and readj Setting foirth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish' of Saint Mary otherwise Whitechapel,

- - which lies in the County of Middlesex-, and that the Petitioners find, it is proposed to lay a Rate upon the Inhabitants, together with a small Toll upon certain Carriages and Saddle Horses pairing through the Turnpike Gate at Mile End-,

and representing 4.0 the House, that the Pavement of the said Street is at present in so ruinous a State, that it is unsafe for Carriages } and that, if the said Street could be properly paved, it would be a great advantage to Trade and Husbandry, and to all Persons having Occasion to pass through the fame; and that, from the Width of the said Street, and the great Wear of the Pavement by the many heavy Carriages using the fanpe, the Petitioners apprehend it would be too great a Burthen for the Inhabitants to take upon themselves the new paving the said Street in a proper Manner, and keeping the Pavement in Repair, without some Afiillance from, such Persons as will be benefited thereby: And therefore praying the House, to take the Preroifes into . Confederation} and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ami the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for better paving th;i,t Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfe/011,otherwise Whitechapel,

which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions anti Annoyances therein, is committed.

A Bill for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Gcodman'* Courts,' Alleys* Ways, and other public Passages, in that jf,e.,ds Part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the Parish of Saint aun8-Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lyon Street and White Lyon Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields, and for removing and presenting Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Burke, See,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Serjeant Glynn presented to the House, according St. Catha* to Order, a Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, r*oe jP*v,n8* lighting, and watching, such Parts of the Precinttj of Saint Catherine, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; v and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Coventry presented to the House, according to Or- Hill Croome der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosure‘ Meadows, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Ma-. norand Parish of Hill Croome, in the County of ter: And the same was received i and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Report Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Commissioners " and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited " Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of " His Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act of the 25th " Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed to be laid " before both Houses of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Scotland Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at c^®"" the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Accounts, to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Bufles which have been cleared out, for the White Herring Fishery, at the several Ports in Scotland, from the 5th January 1770, as far as the same can be made up, together with the Number of Men, the Tonnage, and the Quantity of Fish taken, and the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been produced out of His Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, and are applicable to the Payment of the Bounties on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery, from the 5th Day of January 1770: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been certified to be d.ue, and are now in Arrear, as the Bounty on Bul-fes fitted out for the White Herring Fishery in Scotland, from the 5th of January 1770; And also,

An

11 Geo. III. 22° — 23s Januarii. ..79

An Account of the Quantity of Whalebone and Oil imported into, and exported from, , from the

id of Jauuaty 1768, to the 10th of October 1770, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the several Quantities imported from, and exported to, each Place: And also.

An Account of the several Quantities of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, imported into Scotland, from Ireland and America, from the 1 ft Day of January 1769, to 10th of Qflober 1770, being as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Number of Cattle imported into Scotland, from Ireland, since the iotlvof October 1766, to the 10th of October 1770, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the several Sorts imported in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into Scotland, from the ift Day of 1769, to the 10th

of October 1770, being as far as the same can be made

up; distinguishing the Foreign Tallow from the Irish.

Mr. Rowe also, from the Commissioners of the Cufforns in -presented to the Hdufe, pursuant to the

Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis’s

Straits, and the Greenland with their respective

Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1769, to the 10th of ber 1770: And also, .

An Account of all Com, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that have, before the 13th of November 1770, been exported from , to any

Place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted for that Purpose by the Act 9® Geo. III.j distinguishing to what Places the same have been exported.

Mr. Rowt also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 6th Day of in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, exported from, or imported into, Scotland, from Christmas 1767, to 1769; distinguishing

each Place, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

B feral ft on Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to W*it. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of

Devon, in the room of Sir Francis Henry , Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Master of the Houshold to His Majesty.

Copies of which Letters are as follow; viz.

From the House of Commons*

2id January 1771.

SIR,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you, That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament on this Day Fortnight, the 5th Day of February next; the House of Commons intending to proceed with the utmost Severity against such of their Members as shall then neglect to attend the Service of the House: And you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and".vhat you have done thereupon* upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said J^ouse.

I am.

Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Flr Norton, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, the 2 2d January 1771.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on this Day Fortnight, the 5th Day of February next; the House of Commons intending to proceed with the utmost Seventy against such of their Members as shall then neglect to attend the Service of the House. YdUr Lord ship will also be pleased to give me an AccOubt of the Receipt of this, and what you have dona thereupon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lord ship’s

Most humble and obedient Servant,

Ft Norton, Speaker*

To the Earl of Holdemejfe,

Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

And then the House adjourned till To-tnonow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Januarii;

Anno n8 Georgii III. U Regis, 1771.

Call of the House*

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 5th Day of February next.

Ordered, Thai such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Men>-bers of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 5th Day of February next , and that this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House.

Vol. 33.

PALAVERS.

IR Front is Vincent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend ib much an Act, made in the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey j and for deanfing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, as relates to the Commis-7 fi oners

Southwark

Paving.

8p . Janudrii.1771*

lioners of Severs: And the same was deceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Oxford A Petition of the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, Md Roadt *^6 University of Oxford, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, ' and Commonalty, of the City of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting.forth. That the Roads near the said University and City, usually called The ways, and the Entrance into the said University and City^ through the Parish of called

mnti, and Magdalen Bridge, leading from the said Parish, across the River are in a very ruinous

Condition, and in many Parts very narrow and incommodious; and that. the Roads, from the said Bridge, 'through the several Streets in the said University, City, and Suburbs, to the great Roads leading to Wore eft cr, Gloucester, Birmingham, Bath, Abingdon, Newbury, and Southampton, are alto in a very bad Condition, and in many Parts fp narrow and incommodious, and so greatly obstructed by Nuisances and Annoyances, as to render the said- Roads-or Streets inconvenient and dangerous; and that the said University, City, and Suburbs, and the said Parish of Saint Clements, are in general ill cleansed and lighted, and the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, and the Avenues leading thereto, are badly paved, and rendered narrow and incommodious, by many Projections, Encroachments, and otherNuifances; and if the ianie were, properly lighted, paved, repaired, cleansed, and widened, and the said Nuisances and Annoyances xetrloveaf and prevented for the future, it would tend to the Benefit and Health of the Inhabitants of the said -Unwdrfity and City,; and aWPersons retorting thereto; kndi that the holding a' Market (as heretofore accustom* udfior fcttrng of Meat, Fish; arid-Garden Stuff, in the ‘Sdigh/Street and Butcher Row in the said City, hath boBbfbaad very incoftvenjent; and that; it would be of great Advantage to the Public, to have the same removed to a mujfe-Cpninetiient Part of the -said City; and that the greater Part of the Houses, Shops, and Ware-houses, in the said University, City,‘and Suburbs, be--long to Bodies Corporate, and are irregularly built, and frequently fuffeftd to fall into a ruinous State by reason of their contingent Tenure; and that it would be a grf^t.Inducement to the Inhabitants or Lessees to rebuild the fame, as well as an Advantage to such Bodies Cor-.were empowered to fell such Houses and Edifices in Fee, and invest the Purchase Money in the Public Funds, or lay it out 'again' in other Purchases: And therefore praying the House, 16 take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fqr effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in fdth'Mafifieri, ‘ and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the Hotife fhairfeem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-mtnrthe Matter tlrereofrand report the’fiursf/as if shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Lord Charles,

&c.; And they ape to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine* of tlfe "Clock, in' the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power, to^fepd for Persons, Papers, and Records; and! all,-Lwho come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Sebraham A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish j${-Selifa/i4nt„.oCherftifeSeberghnm, in the County of C«w-ferlatidt yvfts.preflenfeed to the House, /ind read; Setting jtorrh, Tha,t, in.’the Fifth i’ehr of His present Majesty, an ^disjpafled, for confirming the inclosing of the Common and AVafle Lands within-the Laid Parish, and other Pur-4>qle$ and that it would be a Convenience to the Land Ownprs, apd>n Ad Yftnttvge ,to#the Curate of the Laid Pa<-jifir,-iftlje;'Lithe».belonging to the said.Ctirate were ex-t.ingm(h]pd, ;jq\d «prppf r Corupenfat ion,.made. to him in dicy^thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pur-luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Howard, Mr. Ongley, and Mr. Coventry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bury St. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for thfc Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, M for the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, In the room of the honourable John Augv.flus Hervey, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Conimi (lionets for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britaini

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of West Aftby the Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, *ne o ure‘ Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, id the Parish of West Ashby, in the County of Lincoln, and within the Manors of Homcastle, in the said County of Lincoln, and West Ashby aforesaid, was presented to the House, ifid read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open Fields, Cow Failures, and Commons, lie intermixed and dispersed iri small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapa* ble of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were inclosed and divided, arid specific Shares or "Allotments assigned to each Person, according to tlieif-respective Interests, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and all Parties interested therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- -suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lofd

Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Cecil Wray;Baronet, Lawrence Bishop Monck, Esquire, George Archer, John Dauber, William Norton Hildyard, and Richard Bezvley, Proprietor* of Lands and Inclosure. Grounds within the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township and Parish, are several Open and Uninclosed

Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Carrs, and Waste Grounds, or other Open and Common Lands, distinguished by several Names, which contain in the whole One thousand and Seven hundred Acres, or 'thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the fame, were divided and inclosed, it would be a general Advantage to all the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields,

Common Pastures, Carrs, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Common Lands, in the said Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Mr! Whichcot, do prepare,'and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir John St. Auby'n, of ,in the Plymouth

-County of Cornwall, Baronet, on the Behalf of himself, and Dock Town

of Williaih Williams, of the Town or- Place commonly Blayhouse. called or known by the Name of Dock Town, in the Parrlh of Stoke Damerel, in the County of Devon, Gentleman;

and o*f several of the Persons living and residing in arid near the said Town or Place, was presented to the Hotife,‘and

read;

11 Geo. III.

23° Jaumtii.

81

Kilham

Iadoiure.

read; Setting forth. That the said Town or Place is very Hungerhills, fngdales, Manhoods,

large and populous, and a great many Persons of For- DiktWtds, LowIngher,4s9hfGiM Lands, oou-

tune reside in and near the fame; and it would greatly tmining whether. 1,140 Acres or thereabouts; and thefetci

contribute to their-Amufemeot, if a licensed Play house Pafturd^t^tfceir present Situation, atte-iagqpafale ef ltn«<

was there established; which cannot be dorise unlefe an proVemcat$-and therefpoftive ParMr and Sham of 'the

Act, which pass.d in the 10th Year of the Reign of <his several Owners of the (aidOpen Fields being intermixed

late Majesty, to explain and amend so much of am Ad and difperied in ftnall Parcels, and for the most Part In-

made in -the 12th Year of the Reign of Queenvri*?, inti- conveniently Stunted, it would he of great Advantage to

tuled. An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, all 4he Proprietors attd Parties interestedinthe said several

Vagabonds, Sturdy Behais, and Vagrants, into One Ad Pastures and Open Fields, if the same were divided and

of Parliament, and for the more effectual puniftnng such iodofed, and specific Allotments made thereof according

Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, tend to each Person’s fnterest therein: And therefore praying,

lending them Whither they ought to he lent, whorab^all That 'Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing

Persons are -discharged and prohibited to fepresenttyMy andindofingehe several Pastures and Open Fields within

Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtueVsf Lat- T the Township-ef Hctton, in the Parish of Bscmjal, and

ters Patent from His Majesty, or by Licence from the West Riding of the County of York.

Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold for the OrdThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Time being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. or where His Majesty is residing for the Time being, be Lafcetksn Mr. Darnel do prepare, and bring u . repealed, so fastis the same relates to, or respects the said in, the fame.

Place called Deck Town: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the A Petition df fthe several Inhabitants, Owners and Oc- Westmir»fl«r said Act, (0 far as the same respects or relates to the said ' copiers of Houses, in the Parish of Saint Covent Place, commonly called or known by the Name of Doik 1 Garden, within the City and Liberty of fVstminster, was Town, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the Petitioners observe, by" the Votes, that a bill is de-

turfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that pending, 'to aafend, and render more effectual, several ir Francis Vincent and Mr. Baton do prepare, and bring Acts made, relating to pawing, cleansing, and lighting, in, the feme. the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within.

the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent;

A Petition of the Reverend John Prefion, Clerk, Lor^T and that the Petitioners apprehend, they shall be mate-

of the Manor of Kilham upon the fVoulds, in the County1 ftellyaffe&ed and prejudiced in their Rights and Interests of York, and Owner of several Estates within the Town- by the said Bill, in case the same shall pass into a Law:

ship of Kilham aforesaid, the Reverend John Fountayne, And therefore praying. That all the Powers intended by Doctor of Divinity, Dean of the Cathedral and Metropo- the said Bill to be given to Parochial Committees, may be litical Church of Saint Peter in York, and Owner of the either extended over all the Streets of the said Parish, or

that the said Parish may be excepted out of the said Bill, and the Petitioners left under the same Controul, Power, and Direction, of the said Commissioners, as they at present (land subjected to by the Laws now in force.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, and that it would be of great Advantage to the several "Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Li-Persons interested therein, if the same were inclosed and 'bertyof Westminster, and Parts adjacent, is committed; divided into specific Allotments, and exempt from Tithes

and other Ecclesiastical Dues, and if all Right of Com- The House being'informed, that some of the Alder- Monkey mon, Stray, or Average, and Sheep Gates thereon, was to men, and several of the Common’Council, of the City df ccafe: And therefore praying, That Leavemay be given Londonattended at the Door j they were called in; and, *°

to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and for making a at th^ Bar, presented to the House,

Compensation to the Impropriators of the said Rectory, A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldyrmen, and Com-'for the Great Tithes, Tithe of Wool and Lamb, and all mons, of the City of London, in Common Council af-

sembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That

Impropriate Rectory of Kilham aforesaid, and also Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church df Kilham aforesaid, -and of several other Persons whdfe'Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of several Estates there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Township, are several Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, and Grounds, which lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable oflmprovement;

other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments, Yearly arising within the said Township, and belonging to the said Rectory. and also for making a Compensation to the Vi-

Hetton loci of are.

car of Kilham aforesaid, for all Vicarial Tithes, Dues, ‘the Navigation of the River TikwwjWeftward of London and Payments whatsoever. Yearly arising within the said "is very tedious, inconvenient, and expensive, and is fre-Township, and belonging to the said Vicar, in such Man- questly rendered impracticable j and that the making -a "ner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall "Navigable Cut or Canal from or near a Place called seem meet. Island, near in the County of to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- worth, in the County of Middlesex,-ond from thence to suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. join the River Thames above Windfer Fridge, and from LafceUes and Mr. Dmiel LafceUesdo prepare, 'and bring the said proposed Canal, from or near Bedfont, in the In, the fame. feid County of to the River Thames at or near

Staines, will be highly advantageous to the adjacent A Petition of Stephen Parkihfon, James Parkinjon, and '"Country, *and particularly to the Cities Of London and tPilliam Dawson, Gentleman, and others, Owners and ‘Westminster', on<\ that, if the ancient Channeldf the River Proprietors of several PafturCs and Open Fields, within from to Mtrtlake, was amended,

the Township of Hctton, in the Parish of Bumfaland the Navigation‘from thence downwards-would be ren-West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the dered ca(y, safe, and convenient; and that, from the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the Surveys taken, it appears, that, by the said proposed Ca-said Township Two"Undivided Pastures, called Hettou nals,-aoertain lafe and expeditious Passage may be had Moor, otherwise Hetton Cow Close, and Hetton Ox Pasture, at most Seasons of the Year; and that the Navigation of

and also several Open Fields, and Parcels of-Land, called the River may be much improved from s Lock

Crooklatidsy Heddacre, Wormhill, Skeld, Long lands, ,downwards: And

Vox.. 33. ’'

therefore praying. That Leave may Y be

8a

be given to bring in & Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near Monkey to Isle-

worth, with the several Branches before mentioned; and alfe for repairing the Channel of the said River from Boulter's Lock, near Maidenhead, in the County of to Mortlake, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Trtcothick, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices,

Lon do* The House being informed, that some of the Alder-Sewer* and men, and several of the Common Coupc.il, of the City of Drain*. London, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, , at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That, by several Acts, of the 22d and 23d of King Charles the Second, the Second of King William and Queen the Seventh of Queen Anne, and the Tenth of King George the Second, Powers are granted to the Petitioners, to appoint Commissioners for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City and Liberties thereof; and that, by another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the foie Power and Authority of paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City and Liberties, are vested in the Petitioners; and that the said Powers relative to the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, and the said Powers relative to the Pavements, although vested in the same Persons, are exercised separately and dillindlly, under different Authorities, whereby, the Petitioners conceive, several of the good Intentions of the said Act cannot be so effectually answered as they might be if the said several Powers were con-lolidated, and the Persons intruded therewith appointed m and by one and the same Commission; and that several of the Streets and Places within the said City and Liberties, for Want of proper Drains or Sewers, are frequently annoyed, the Houses and Buildings therein weakened and rendered of less Use, and the Healths of His Majesty’s Subjects greatly affected; and that the whole Expe.nce of making, altering, repairing, and cleansing, the said Sewers and Drains, is at present defrayed by Assessments upon the Inhabitants, contrary to the Practice in the City, of Westminster, and moll other Towns and Places, a Mode of Taxation attended with many Hard ships and Injullice; and that the Petitioners have Reason to think that the present Fund for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said City and Liberties, might be sufficient to answer, by Degrees, the Expence of making new Sewers and Drains where wanted, and of enlarging old ones where necessary; and that such Application would be readily submitted to by the Inhabitants, if the Expence of altering, repairing, and cleansing, all the Sewers and Drains made, or to be made, was to be defrayed by Assessments upon the Landlords or Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the said City and Liberties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys,

A. 1771*

Passages, and Places, arid prevertting and removing Ob-drudlions and Annoyances within the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House J

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London Mr.-Alderman Townsend, See.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners* Mer^ CLefterfield chants. Traders, Manufacturers, and others, redding in Canal, and near the several Market Towns of fop, and Retford, in the several Counties of Derby4 York, and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be made, from a convenient Part of the said Town of Chederfield, through or near the said Towns of Worksop and Retford, to join the River Trent at or near

Stockwith, in the said County of Nottingham, whereby a safe, easy, and expeditious Communication will be opened, between the said several Towns, and other the interior and populous Parts of the said Counties, which will be of very great Advantage to the Trades and Manufactures carried on in and near the said Towns and Places, and to the Inhabitants residing near the said intended Cut or Canal, and be of great public Utility And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut or Canal, by such Ways and Means, with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Redric-tions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Lord

John Cavendish, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mod noble William Duke of Boston vonshire, and of the Right honourable Nathaniel Lord Inc'o("ie* Scarf dale, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted amongd the several Persons intereded therein, according to their respective Rights and Intereils, it would be a considerable Improvement to their EAates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mod poble William Duke of De- Fairfield vonshire, and the humble Petition of the several Gen- Inclosure, tlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of the several Open Field Lands, Common Padure, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Liberty of Fairfield, in the Parish of Hope, and County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Open

Field

23° Januarii.

11 Geo. III.

2 3° JaHuarii. 83

Field Lands, Common Failure, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Liberty, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fu.ant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendi/li and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Appleby A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are lodolure. thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of a very considerable Part of the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of

cejlerand Derby, on Behalf of themselves anil all others interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Properties therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields. Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Spernal Act A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Road. made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the County of Warwick, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Catherlough, Mr. Allanfon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Reading A Petition of the Inhabitants of Henley upon Thames, <*’*"*1* and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Owners of Wood, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Neighbouring Country Towns and Villages, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Reading, in the County of Berks, to Monkey in the same County; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should pal's into a Law, it will greatly injure the Petitioners in their Property, and be a great Disservice to Trade and Commerce, as the Cities of ’ London and Westminster are chiefly supplied with Fire

Wood, and Timber for Wheelers and other Artificers, and also with great Quantities of Meal and Malt, from this Part of the Country, the Carriage of which will, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, be rendered very expensive, as the Charges of keeping up the old River must fall very heavy on the Boats navigated from hence, when deprived of the Sums paid for the Passage of the Boats which will then pass through the Canal: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Locks, Wharfs, and Warehouses, in the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Oxford, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Application;

Vol. 33.

and setting forth, That; by virtue of Two Acts, made in the 21st Year of King James the First, and in the 24th Year of King George the Second, for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and lfts, from the City of London, West ward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, the Rivers of Thames and lfts hive in a great degree been amended and made navigable; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will greatly injure them in their private Property, and be of public Disservice: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for making a Canal from Reading aforesaid, in the County of Berks, to Monkey Island, in the same County; and that no Bill for that Purpose may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and these Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petitions now presented.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Henley upon Thames, Thames & and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Trades- ^avlf‘as-men, Manufacturers, and others, of the Neighbouring av, Satlon-Country Towns and Villages, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners have seen, by the Votes, a Petition for the Amendment of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and JJis, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will, if carried into Execution, be a great public Benefit, as well as an Advantage to their private Property:

And therefore praying. That the same may be carried into Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Maidenhead, Bray,

Cook ham, the neighbouring Parishes, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themfeRes and others, w'as also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Petition; and setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that the Improvement of the old Navigation of the said Rivers will be attended with universal Advantage . to the several Towns and Counties through which i.t has always passed: And therefore piaying, That this Petition, in Support of the Old Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, may be taken into Consideration, and Leave given them, if called on, to support the several Allegations therein dated.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Commissioners of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Man ufaft u rers, and others, of the Counties of Surrey,

Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and Basingstoke, Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wallingford, and the fe- ic veral neighbouring Villages in the County of Berks-, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Dorchester, Shdlingford, and Benjon, and the several neighbouring Villages, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and

read;

tead; Taking Notice of the Petition of the Gentle* tnen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Berks, for making a Navigable Canal from to Monkey l/tand, in the same Coarityj and setting forth*

That the making futh 'Canal will, as these Petitioners apprehend, greatly reduce the Price of the Carriage of Goods, and be it great Advantage to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill» and that the same may pass into a Law, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thfc Committee, to whom the Petition of feverdl Gentle* tnen. Freeholders, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Berks, whole Names ate thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Birmingham Ordered» That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Canal. oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal, to a Field called Newha/l Ring, adjoining to the Town of Birming-

ham, in the County of Warusick, within a Time to be limited, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Reading i A Petition of the Inhabitants of , Bray,

Bafiogftokc Cook ham, the neighbouring Partfties, and of the several *n* Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themfclVes and others, was presented to the 'House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having fcen, by the Votes, a Petition for making a navigable Canal from Reading to Monkey und also another

Petition, praying a navigable Cabal from Motlkey Ijbcutd, the Petitioners are fully persuaded, should these new intended Canals, or either of them, receive the Sanction and Approbation of the House, it would not . only do irreparable Injury and Damage to the Petitioners. but also be attended with many and great Injuries and Disadvantages to thrPublic: And therefore praying. That this their Petition, in Opposition to these new intended Canals, may be taken into Consideration, and Leave given them to support the several Allegations therein ftited.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Southand Berks, whbfe

Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Costom- The House being informed, that Mr. Brown, from Hotfe the Commissioners of the Customs, attendedat the Door;

Account*. jje was ca|je(j ;n. an(j> at the’Bar, presented to the-House, pursuant to (heir Orders,

An Account of the Number of Busies which have been cleared out, for the White Herring Fishery, at the several Ports in Great Britain, from the 5th of Jamary 17 70, to the 5th of January 1771, With the Number of Men, Tonnage, and Quantity of Fish taken: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid by-the "Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs \n England, on the British White Herring Fishery, from the 5th 1770, to 5th January

1771, which is as far as the same can be made -up: And also.

An Account of the Monies which bate been produced out of His Majesty’s Customs in England, and are applicable to the Payment of the-Bounties for the White Herring Fishery, from the 5th of January 1770, to the 5th of January 1771.

And then he withdraw.

And the Titles of the said Accounts-were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do fie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

8

Jamafii. d. 1771.

The Orders of the Day being read i

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Way* and next, resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, Mean*, to <'Ortfider further of Ways &hd Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to "His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

y<wisy 2 40 die Januarii;

Anno Georgii III*11 Regis, 1771.

Praters.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty Exeter of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, Markets, and read \ ‘Setting forth. That the -principal Markets within the said City are at present held in the High Street* whereby the Passage through the same is not only very much obstructed, but great Nuisances are unavoidably occasioned, which might be prevented, if the said Markets were established, under proper Regulations, on a Piece of Ground extending from the Guildhall <?f the said £ity, to the House now in the Occupation of Mr.

John Dennis, Westward, bounded on the South by the said High Street, and on the North by the Street or Lane called Water Beer Lane; and that it would be of great Utility to the Public* if the HOufes (landing on the said.

Piece of Ground were taken down, 'and proper Buildings were erected for the-Reccption of Provisions and other Things ufoally brought to the said Markets: -And therefore praying, That-Leave may be given to bring in- Bill for enabling them to remove the said Market to such Place, subject to such-Regulations and Rfeftridlions, and for other the Purposes -aforesaid, in such Manoeras to the House shall seem just,-fitting, and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-rtinelth'e Matter theteOfj^nd report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. WalteMr. Bulier, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow be added to the Gentlemen, Oxford who afe appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Poor, better regulating the Poor, within the City of Oxford.

A Petition-of the Inhabitants of New Wtndfor, - and of Thame* the several Gentlemen, -Land Owners, Tradesmen, Ma- Ifi* nufacturers, and -others, of the neighbouring Country Navigauoa. Towns and Villages, whose Names -are thereunto sub-»cribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A-Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Wallingford, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners,

Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the neigh-bouring Country Towns and Villages, whose ‘Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others;

Were fevfcrally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen by the Votes, a‘Petition5 for the Amendment of the Navigation of -the;Rivers Thames and Ifis\ which: they apprehend, will, if carried into Execution, be a great public Benefit, as well as an'Advantage to private Property: And therefore praying. That the same may be carried into Execution, rip such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

And

ii Geo. III. 24 " Januar85

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the sevenri Commissiriners of the ( Navigation of the Rivers Thames and

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmeo, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of,

Bucks, Oxford, and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

Wnrcrfler A Petition of several Commissioners appointed to put Wairr. in Execution, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better supplying the City of Woreefier, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, from a Mistake in a Clause in the said Act, they are unable to put the same in Execution, as they cannot enforce the Payment of the Rates and Assessments which ought, and were intended, to be raised and paid for the Purposes thereof; and that, un-

Jess the said Mistake can bereftified, the said Act cannot be carried into Execution. And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to rectify the said Mistake, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Oidered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hose A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are loclosure. thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of a very considerable Part of the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hin the county of ,

on Behalf of themselves and all others interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, to hawe the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof let out and allotted to them, according to their TefpeClive Properties therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer^f the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Lord Frederick , and Mr. Tho-

roton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pridkood A Petition of the Right honourable Nathanael Lord Common. Scarf dale, and the humble Petition of Francis Noel Clarke Mundy, Esquire, Robert Cheney, Esquire, and others, Proprietors of a certain Common called in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common contains 200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, if the same was divided and incloled, it would greatly improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Priestwood Common, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-l'uartt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cuvendish and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Monyaih A Petition of the Right honourable Nathanael Lord loctotufc. Scarsdale, and the humble Petition of Edward,

Vol. 33.

Esquire, Lord of the Manor, and a Proprietor of Lands, in Monyafh, in the Parish of Bakevlell, in the County of

Derby, and the humble Petition of "John Gifhorne, Esquire,

George Goodwin, Gentleman, and others, Freeholders of the Township of Monyafh aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are in the said Manor or TownIh ip certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called The Upper Common and Nether,

containing together, in the Whole, 800 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Properties S the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, accord- Appleby ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees to an Act made Tadcaster in the 18th Year of his late Majesty King George the Road. Second, intituled, An Act to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of

York, to a Place near the said City called Hobmoor Lane End, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in consequence of the said Act, the said Road has been greatly, amended; for which Purpose, great Sums of Money have been raised, and the Sum of £. 500 now due, with Interest thereon, cannot be repaid, and the said Road completely repaired, within the Remainder of the Term of the said Act, together with the additional Term granted by the general Broad Wheel Act, which is near expiring; and that the said Road will soon- become ruinous again, unless large Sums of Money are annually expended upon it; and that fotne Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act.:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Turner, Sir George Savile,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Herring resolve itself into a Committee of the 'whole House, to Fishery. consider of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dunbar, &c. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Electing-of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of North

Berwick, Haddington, and Lauder, in the room of Patrick Warrender, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson have Leave to make a

Z Motion,

86 240 — 250 Januarii. A. 1771-

Motion, it being near Half an Hour after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And presented to the House,

Bongate A Petition of the several Owners of Lands, Tene-locloiore. ments, and Hereditaments, within the Townships of Bongate and Scattergate and , in the Manor of

Appleby, in the County of Wtfimoreland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the Open Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying and being within the Townships aforesaid.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That there are very large and extendve Tracts of Open Commons, or Waste Grounds, within, and belonging to, the said Townships, containing 500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of very little Service to the Persons interested therein; and that, if the fame, or such Parts thereof as to the House shall seem meet, were divided into specific Allotments, a very considerable Benefit would arise therefrom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations and Provisoes as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robinson and Sir Anthony Abdy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25° Januarii;

Anno n* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Oxford QRdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to "m* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Oxford, in the room of George Nares, Esquire, now One of the Justices of His Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at

New Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Woodstock the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for m‘ the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New in the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East dred, in the County of Berks.

Hodges Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom Road. the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of SuJJ'ex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, General Elliot, Samuel Dafk, and Francis Warden, Esquires, being severally examined, said, That the Roads from Tonbridge Wells to Lewes, and through the several Places mentioned in the Petition, to Cuckjleld, and

sham, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and in the Winter Season some Parts thereof are impassable for Carriages, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from a Place called Hodges, in the Parish of Mayfield, to Beadles Hill, in the Parish of Lindfield, and from thence to the Town of field, and the Road branching out of the same at Beadles Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Lindfield; and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road between the Towns of Cuckfield and Crawley, over Saint Leonard's Forefi, to the Town of Hof fit am, all in the County of Sussex; And that Mr. Vernon, Mr. Harcourt, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the federal Owners and Proprietors of Ladus Fes certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in Ladus, Inslofnt*. otherwise Ladzvers, otherwise Laddoes Fen, in the Parishes of Elm and Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, containing, by Computation, Thirteen hundred Acres, or thereabouts, have, in Part, been for several Years part, and still are, overflowed with Water, for Want of a proper Outfall to Sea, and are thereby rendered of much leis Value than they would otherwise be, if the same were drained and pre--

served, which would be a great Benefit to the Public, as well as to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir -fin Gideon, 8cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, accord- Buxtoo ing to Order, a Bill for 'dividing and inclosing the fe- Inclosure; veral Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of

Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, accord- Fairfield ing to order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclosure' Open Fields, Common Pasture, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Hamlet, or Liberty, of Fairfield, in the Parish of Hope, and County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Tadcaster Execution an Act of Parliament for repairing and widen- and ing the Road, from the Town of through Col-

lingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to in the oa

West Riding of the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said Riding, whole Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That some Progress has been made in repairing the said Road, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which still remain due; and the Tolls by the said Act directed to be taken on the said Road have not beensufficient to pay off the Money so borrowed, with the Interest thereof, and to keep the said Road in Repair; and that the Term by the said Act granted is nearly expired; and that the said Road might be effectually kept in Repair, if competent Tolls were granted and properly collected and applied, and a

further

i i Geo. III. 'i50 Januarii. 87

further Term granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Algarkirke A Petition of the greatest Part of the Owners and inclosure. Proprietors of Houses and Toft (leads, and of Inclosed Lands, within the Parish of Algarkirke cum in:

the Parts of Holland, in the County of , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That: there are certain Parcels of Common Fen Land, called or known by the Names of Clay Little Sand,

Great Sand Hills, Fleet Part of ‘’The Common Rakes,

Gowt Plot, and Langrett Plot, containing by Estima--tion, 3,260 Acres, of thereabouts, which lie Open and Uninclosed, and upon which the Petitioners have Right of Common, and are also entitled to the Soil thereof; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates of the Petitioners, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Parcels of Fen Land, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brozvnlow Bertie and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Alton- Mr. Dowdefzvellpresented to the House, according to

Subcdge Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common lndo.ure. pjepjSj Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Aston Subedge, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

[Cattle Riling Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to w . the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Castle Rising, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Thomas F.squire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Worcester Mr". IValft reported from the Committee, to whom Water. t}re Petition of several Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better (upplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for the better paving and lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obfiruftions and Annoyances therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared. That by a Mistake in aClause in the said Act, such Houses as were intended to be rated and assessed for the Purposes of the said Act, could not be rated and assessed.

And One of the Trustees, who is a Member of this House, informed your Committee, That, by reason of the Mistake in the said Clause, the Trustees have not been able to carry the said Act into Execution.

Vou 33.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring' In it Bill to explain a Clause in an Act of thedaftSeflioh bf 'Parliament, for better supplying the City df and the Liberties thereof with Water) and for better paving, and lighting the said City; arid -for rerrioving arid preventing all Obfltructions arid Annoyances therein LAnd1 that Mr. Walfli, Mr. Boulton, and Mr. Barrow, do-pre- pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Gihfm Was presented to the Liverpool House, and read; Setting forth, That a licensed Theatre,- The*tre* in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, would be convenient and advantageous to the laid Town; and that the Petitioner has, at much Expence, procured a commodjpus Building for the Purpose.. of a Playhouse, and has provided himself with all Things necessary for the Representation of Theatrical Entertain-' ments, in the said Town: And therefore praying, That -Leave may be given to bringin a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant:.Letters Patent* to license a Playhouse, or Theatre, in the said Town of-Liverpool. r . - -

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-' suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Pennant and Sir William Meredith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Com- D» mon Council, and Burgesses, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of ter, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Taid Petition; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, a licensed Theatre would be agre§-able and convenient to the Inhabitants of the said Town,-and to great Numbers of People of Fortune and Distinction referring thereto, and of great Advantage to thr said Town: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Bowe* Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Road* Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the (bounty of York:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " Accounts of the " Treasurer to the Commissioners for building -

" Jler Bridge, from the 5th Day of January 1770, to " the 10th Day of October following, together with a " Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received,

from 5th July 1769, to 5th July 1770," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " A State of the " Proceedings of the Commissioners for building " minster Bridge, from the 31st Day of January 1770,

" to the 2ill Day of November following, inclusive," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr.

B ofton Ipclo&IC.

Spain —

Falkland’s

Island.

88 250 Januarii. A. 1771:

s -Mr; Cooptf also acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again, v.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of Robert Barlow Esquire, Triftram Gentleman, Herbert Ingram, Henry Brezver, Thomas Buttery, Thomas Green, Maurice A Ham, John Ball, .

James, Thomas Brotkerton, Da Samuel,

Thomas Wells, John Ashley, Joseph Downing, John Taylor, William Wells, John Carr, John King, John William Ckown, John Melton, Edward

Trott, Hutchinson Carby, Peter Crowder, William More, Thomas Goodwin, on the Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a Common Fen, belonging to Bofion West, in the Parish of Baston, in the County of Lincoln, containing 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners and others, Owners of Commonable Houses and Toftsteads in Bofion West, 'have Right of Common, which, in its present Situation, can be of little Profit or Advantage to the Petitioners; but if the same was divided and inclosed, it would be of considerable Benefit, Advantage, and Convenience, to the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fqant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Mr. Amcotts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, u Copy of the Declaration signed " and delivered by Prince Ambassador

" Extraordinary from his Catholic Majesty, the 22d " January 1771 and Transition: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of the Acceptance, by " the Earl of Rockford, in His Majesty’s Name, the 22d " January 1771, of the Spanish Ambassador’s Dedara- tion of the same Date;" and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

And-the said Papers were also read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth; viz.

Translation of the Declaration signed and delivered by Prince De Majferano, Ambassador Extraor-

dinary from his Catholic Majesty, the 22d of January 1771.

His Britannic Majesty, having complained of the Violence which was committed on the 10th of June 1770, at the IYland commonly called the Great Malouine, and by the English, Falkland's in obliging, by

Force, the Commander and Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, to evacuate the Port by them called,

a Step offensive to the Honour of His Crown; the Prince De Majfareno, Ambassador Extraordinary of his

Catholic Majesty, has received Orders to declare, and declares. That his Catholic Majesty considering the Desire with which he is animated foe Peace, and for the Maintenance of good Harmony with His Britannic Majesty, and reflecting that this Event might interrupt it, has seen with Displeasure this Expedition tending to disturb it, and in the Persuasion, in which he is of the Reciprocity of Sentiments of His Britannic Majesty, and of its being far from his Intention to authorize any Thing that might disturb the good Understanding between the Two Courts.; His Catholic Majesty does

9

disavow the said violent Enterprize; and in Confluence, the Prince De Majferano declares. That his Catholic Majesty engages to give immediate Orders, that Things shall be restored in the Great Malouine, at the Port called Egmont, precisely to the State in which they were before the Tenth of June 17.70; for which Purpose, his Catholic Majesty will give Orders to One of his Officers, to deliver up to the Officer authorized by His Britannic Majesty, the Port and Fort called Egmont, with all the Artillery, Stores, and Effects, of His Majesty, and His Subjects, which were at that Place the Day above named, agreeable to the Inventory which has been made of them.

The Prince De Majferano declares at the same Time, in the Name of the King his Matter, that the Engagement of his said Catholic Majesty, to restore to His Britannic Majesty, the Possession of the Port and Fort called Egmont, cannot nor ought any wife to affect the Question of the prior.Right of Sovereignty of the otherwise called Falkland's Iflan — In Witness whereof, I the underwritten Ambassador Extraordinary have signed the present Declaration with my usual Signature, and caused it to be sealed with our Arms. ,the

Twenty-second Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

'(L. SJ Signed

Le Prince De.

Translation of the Acceptance by the Earl of / Rochford, in His Majesty’s Name, the 22d January 177x, of the Spanish Ambassador’s Declaration of the same Date.

His Catholic Majesty, having authorized the Prince of Majferano, his Ambassador Extraordinary, to offer

in his Royal Name, to the King of a

Satisfaction for the Injury done to His Britannic Majesty, by dispossessing Him of the Port and Fort of Port Egmont; and the said Ambassador having this Day signed a Declaration, which he has just; delivered to me, expressing the rein, that his Catholic Majesty, being desirous to restore the good Harmony and Friendship which before subsisted between the Two Crowns, does disavow the Expedition against Port Egmont, in which, Force has been used against His Britannic Majesty’s Possessions, Commander, and Subjects; and does also engage, that all Things shall be immediately restored to the precise Situation in which they flood before the 10th of June 1770; and that his Catholic Majesty shall give Orders, in Consequence, to One of his Officers, to deliver up to the Officer authorized by His Britannic Majesty, the Port and Fort of Port Egmont, as also all His Britannic Majesty’s Artillery, Stores, and Effects, as well as those of His Subjects, according to the Inventory which has been made of them; and the said Ambassador having moreover engaged, in his Catholic Majesty’s Name, that what is contained in the said Declaration, shall be carried into Effect by his said Catholic Majesty, and that Duplicates of his Catholic Majesty’s Orders to his Officers shall be delivered into the Hands of One of His Britannic Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, within Six Weeks; His said Britannic Majesty, in Order to shew the same friendly Dispositions on his Part, has authorized me to declare, that He will look upon the said Declaration of Prince De Majferano, together with the full Performance of the said Engagement on the Part of his Catholic Majesty, as a Satisfaction for the Injury done to the Crown of Great Britain. — In Witness whereof, I underwritten, One of His Britannic Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, have signed these Presents with my usual Signature, and caused them to be sealed with our Arms. London, the Twenty-second Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

(L, S.) Signed

Rochford.

Ordered,

Spain —

Falkland's

Wand,

11 Geo. III.

25° Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, will be graciously pleased to ^^jpfrei»Uc>aV(. t&ft schere

to be perused by the Members of the House

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Claims and Propositions which have been made, by the Court of Spain, relative to Falkland?s Island, since the first Settlement of it by His Majesty’s Orders; together with such Answers as have been given by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, to such Claims or Propofi-tions: And also, Copies or Extracts of all Letters, and other Papers, containing any Intelligence received by any of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or J» v. Ul. "

the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by any other of His Majesty’s Ministers, since the First Day of January 1770, touching any Hostilities, actually commenced by, or any Warning^ or other Measures, indicating any hof-tile Intentioastof, the Crown of Spain, or any of its Officers, against His Majesty’s Island, called Falkland's Island, and of the Reduction and Capitulation of the said Place; and of, all Demands and Requisitions made, by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, for such Reparation and Satisfaction as His Majesty had a Right to expect, for the Injury which He had received, for the Insult upon the Honour of His Crown, in seizing by Force the said Island, and for obtaining Security for the Rights of His People, which were deeply affected by the said Injury; together with the Answers to the said Demands and Requisitions; and of all Representations made to the Court of Spain, by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, since the Receipt of the first Intelligence of any hostile Intentions of the said Court, or any of its Officers, against the said Place, and before the Receipt of the Information that the Place was taken; and of all Letters and Instructions upon the said Matters Tent to any of His Majesty’s Ministers at the Court of Spain, and of all Letters relative thereto, received

89

be laid before this House, Copies <^f all .-Demands and Requisitions made, by any of, f"' for such Reparation and Satisfy„ a Right to expect, for the Injury which He had received, for the Insult upon the Honour of His Crown, in seizing by Force the-fyjCHfland, and for obtaining Security for the Rights of His People, which were deeply affected by the said Injury; together with the Answers to the said Demands and Requisitions; and of all Representations made to the Court of Spain, by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, since the Receipt of the first Intelligence of any hostile Intentions of the said Court, or any of its Officers, against the said Place, and before of the Information that the Place was taken; and of all Letters and Instructions upon the said Matters sent to any of His Majesty’s Ministers at the Court of Spain, and of all Letters relative thereto, received from the said Ministers, by any of His Majest^’s Principal Secretaries of State, or other Ministers at Home;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to th» Question, by leaving out the Word " were" after the Word " which," and before the Word " deeply," and inserting the Word " was," instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Refohved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Demands and Requisitions made, by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, for such Reparation and Satis* faction as His Majesty had a Right to cxpect, for the Injury which He had received, for the Insult upon the Honour of His Crown, in seizing by Force the said Island, and for obtaining Security for the Rights of His People, which was deeply affected by the said Injury; together with the Answers to the said Demands

from the said Ministers, by any of His Majesty’s Prin- and Requisitions; and of all Representations made to the cipal 'Secretaries of State, or other Ministers at Court of by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, since Home. the Receipt ,of the first Intelligence of any hostile Inten-

And an Objection being made, that the said proposed tions of the said Court, or any of its Officers, against the Question was a complicated Question; the same was, by said Place, and before the Receipt of the Information that

Consent of the House, divided into Three separate Questions.

And the First Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Claims and Propositions which have been made, by the Court of Spain, relative to Falkland's Island, since the first Settlement of it by His Majesty’s Orders ;together with such Answers as have been given by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, to such Claims or Propositions;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And th(? Second Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all rough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to Letters, and other Papers, containing any Intelligence His Majesty.

the Place was taken; and of all Letters and Instructions upon the said Matters lent to any of His Majesty’s Ministers at the Court of Spain, and of all Letters relative thereto, received from the said Ministers, by any of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or other Ministers at Home.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, in the room of Edward Thur~

low, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Bo-

received by any of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by any other of His Majesty’s Ministers, since the First Day of January 1770, touching any Hostilities actually commenced by, or any Warning, or other Measures, indicating any hostile Intentions of, the Crown of Spain, or any of its Officers, against His Majesty’s Island, called Falkland's Island, and of the Reduction and Capitulation of the said Place;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Third Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He , VOL, 33.

4

Tamworth

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of B Ca/lle, in the County of Salop, in the room of Alexander Wedderburn, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

A a House,

Bishop’t

Cattle

Writ.

Wayt and Meant.

90 250 — 28° A. 1771*

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for , That the said Petition be referred to the

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall And then the House adjourned till Monday appear to them, to the House:

' Morning netft. Ten of the Clock. And it is referred to Sir Sir Joseph

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

_____________________ ' ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

/ have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Luna, 28* die 'Januarii;

Anno u# Georgii II1‘" Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Southwark A BILL to explain and amend so much of an Act Paring. made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onslow, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brrmondsey A Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish of

Assessment. Saint Mary Magdalen, , in the County of

Surrey, whose Name? are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleaning, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein, all Parish Churches, Church Yards, Chapels, Meeting Houses, Schools, Warehouses, Hospitals, Prisons, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, and all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, situate within the said Streets and Places, are directed to be rated at a Rate not exceeding Sixpence for every Square Yard belonging to every such Parish Church, Church Yard, and other public Building, dead Wall, and void Space of Ground; and that the Commissioners by the said Act appointed, have for Four Years pad rated and assessed the Parish Church and Church Yard of Bermondsey aforesaid, at the Rate of Fifty Pounds per Annum, although they have not hitherto paved or repaired any Part of the Street or Ground lying before the said Church or Church Yard; and that the said Commissioners have, from Time to Time, rated and assessed some Churches, Church Yards, public Buildings, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, within the said Streets and Places, by the Square Yard, for the Content thereof, and others only for the Content of the Street or Ground lying before the fame: which latter Mode of Assessment, the Pe-tioners apprehend, ought in Justice to be extended in an equal Degree to all Churches, Church Yards, public Buildings, dead Walls, and void Spaces, lying or being within the Limits of the said Act; and that the Petitioners find, by the Votes, a Bill hath been brought in, to explain and amend Part of the said Act: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, directing the said Commissioners to make, for the future, their Rates or Assessments, from Time to Time, in an equal Manner, on all Churches, Church Yards, public Buildings, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, comprised within the Limits of the said Act; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of John March, Esquire, on Behalf of Warefley himself and several other Persons, Owners and Pro- Inclosure. prietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Warefley, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioner and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Hinchingbrook and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- Alconbury-cution several Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place, called The White Post, on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, to Wandsford Bridge, in the said County, called " The North Division of the North Road," and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which remain unpaid; but find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, amended, and kept in good and sufficient Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Hinchingbrook, Lord Ludlow,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wal/h presented to the House, according to Or- Worcester der, a Bill to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Sef- Water-worka lion of Parliament, for better supplying the City of Worcester and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for better paving and lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pringle reported from the Committee, to whom Selkirk the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act k°a^s* made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

ii Geo. III. s8° Janux ... 91

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads* leading through the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Whitchurch A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Whit* church, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Lowndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Oxford Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Poor. Order, a Bill for better regulating the Poor, within the City of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Koarefbrough A Petition of Several of the Trustees appointed to Road* put in Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Knare/broug in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gold Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Mauleverer, and State Moor, to , in the

Said County, and for making the Same a high Carriage Road, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, TradeSmen, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the Said County, whoSe Names are thereunto respectively Subscribed, was preSented to the HouSe, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the Said Ad, Several Sums of Money have been borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which have been laid out towards repairing and amending the Said Road; and that the Said Road hath been in great Part repaired; but that the Money So borrowed is still owing, and the Tolls and Duties by the Said Addireded to be collected have not been Sufficient to pay the Money So borrowed, and the Interest thereof, and to repair and keep in Repair the Said Road; and that the Term by the Said Ad granted is nearly expired; and that the Said Road might be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, if a further Term was granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in Such Manner as to the House Shall Seem meet.

Ordered, That the Said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine* the Matter thereof; and report the Same, as it shall appear to them, to the HouSe:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Lord George Cavendish, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thame* The HouSe being informed. That the Committee to Embank. whom the Petition of John, , and William,

meat' Adam, and James Paine, Architects, Dorothy Monck, Widow, Clementina Pazvj Widow, and William iner. Coal Merchant, is referred, had adjourned from Friday last, to Wednesday next, the 30th Day of January;

Vol. 33.

Ordered, That the Said Committee do rtieet arid proceed upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of the Several Persons whoffc Names and Eire* Hands are thereunto Set and subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and all others claiming under Such Right as herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, the Petitioners, Inhabitants of the Borough and Barony of Rivet, in the Parlih of Saint Oswald, in or near the City of Durham, and their Predecessors Inhabitants thereof, have, for Time immemorial, by virtue of Some of them being Sons of Freemen of Elvet Moor or Common of Pasture; others, as marrying Daughters of Such Freemen, and others by Servitude as Apprentices to Such Freemen; they the Said Freemen, being Inhabitants of the Said Borough arid Barony at the Time of the several Births of their Said Sons and Daughters, and during the Services of their Said Apprentices, had, used, and enjoyed. Free Pasturage, and Common of Pasture for their Commonable Cattle, ini and upon the Said Moor, or Common of Pasture, and , Wastes, and Intercommon Lands, thereto belonging, without any Interruption, and now have, use, and enjoy, the same Privileges, in Manner aforesaid, as fully as the Claimants under, and by, their Several freehold and Leasehold Houses, Occupiers thereof. Situate and being in the Said Borough and Barony, have used and enjoyed, or now use and enjoy, the fame; and that a Bill is intended to be brought in, by the Said Freeholders and Leaseholders, for a Division of the Said Moor, or Common of Pasture, in respect of their Said several Houses, excluding, and thereby intending to deprive, the Petitioners of their just Rights and Privileges; which, if paired into a Law, will be of fatal Consequences, and greatly prejudice and distress the Petitioners, and others the Said Freemen, and their Families: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and redress the Complaints of the Petitioners, by opposing the said Bill, or otherwise, as the House shall fee meet.

Ordered, That the Said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Bill is_brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the honourable Spencer CoWper, Dodtot of Divinity, Dean, and the Chapter of , of the

Cathedral Church of Christ and blessed Mary the,

Lords of the Manor, Barony, and Borough of Elvet, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed; and also of the Several Freeholders and others, Owners of ancient Dwelling Houses, situate and being within the Said Manor, Barony, and Borough, whose Names art thereunto subscribed, for and on the Behalf of them-Selves and others, the Owners of ancient Dwelling Houses, having Right of Common in and upon a certain Moor or Common, and certain Intercommon Lands and Grounds, thereinafter mentioned.

A Petition of John Hill, Esquire, Lord of the Manor Scalby of Scalby, in the County of York, the several Owners or ^DC'°^ore* Impropriators of the Tithes, Great and Small, arising or ilfuing in or out of act, Lands or Grounds within the said Manor of Scalby, and the several Owners of Houses and Lands having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Said Manor of Scalby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thar, within the Said Manor, there are several large Open Fields, and also very large and extensive Commons and Waste Grounds, containing altogether several Thousands of Acres of Open and Uninclosed Grounds, which are at present of Small Use or Value, and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, they would be capable of very great Improvement; and would tend greatly to the Advantage, not only of the Petitioners, but to the Public in general; and that the Petitioners have accord-

92 a8 0 Januari1771.

ingly agreed that the same shall be divided and indofed, for the Purchase of his Lease immediately after the and Compensations made to the Owners or Irapropria^ passing of the said Act; he said, tors of the Tithes’of all the Lands within the said Manor, That the Tolls were to cease on London and in lieu of such Tithes: And therefore praying, That fryars Bridges at Michaelmas 1770 — the l'ooner the City Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and bought the said Lease, the longer would be the Term inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures* to be purchased, and consequently a greater Part of the Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor said £. 36,000 mud have been expended than might be of Scatty, in the North Riding of the said County of York, necessary some Time after — It was supposed at that Time, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill, pur- that the Income of the Tolls would decrease, though it suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. has proved otherwise, by Means which could not then Lascelles and Mr. Cholmley do prepare, and bring in, the be foreseen.

fame. Peter Roberts, Esquire, being asked, If he remem-!

bered the Enquiry in Parliament relating to the Bridge Brampton A Petition of several Freeholders and others, of the House Estates in 1762 — he said. He did, and that it Inclosure. Township of Brampton en le Mart hen, in the West Rid- then appeared, that could not be kept in

ing of the County of York, was presented to the House, repair without a Continuation of the Tolls thereon j and and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said that when the Accounts relating thereto were laid before Township, a certain Open Common, and also several the House of Commons in 1762, it appeared that the Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others. Surplus of the Income of the said Estates did not exceed which, if divided and inclosed, and specific Parts or r 7 per Annum.

Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their re- John , Esquire, being further examined, said,

spettive Interests therein, it would be a considerable Im- He knows one particular Instance, in which the Execu-provement of their Estates: And therefore praying, tion of the said Act, as far as it relates to completing cer-That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divid- tain Streets in the City of London, is prevented: — That ing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, tb^Sro/rvi Corporation have a Piece of Land before their under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall' Binlding,. which they hold by a Lease of upwards of 900 think fit. Years, and pay a Rent to a Lady who is only Tenant

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- for Life: — That as it is not known who has the Inhe-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. ritance thereof, it must lay open, and spoil the Beauty of Lascelles and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the Street in which it is situated, unless the Corporation the fame. are impowered to grant Licences to the Lessees to build

thereon.

Londoo- The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Com- Robert Milne, Esquire, confirmed the above, and said, Tollfe to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Al- He knows several Instances of the like Nature.

dermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Com- Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to

mon Council assembled, was referred; That the Com- the following Resolutions:

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and had directed him to repbrt the fame, as it appeared That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee Petition.

thereupon, to the House; and he read, the Report in his Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill together with an Appendix thereunto: Where the same for further continuing the Tolls upon London Bridge, and was read; and is as followeth; viz.for impowering t he Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the City of London, to authorize Persons possessed for palfed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Terms of Years of certain Houses and Ground, described Reign, for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, from Blackfryars, in the City of London, to the opposite to build upon and inclose such Ground, in case the

Side, in the County of Surrey j and for other Purposes Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance are not to be therein mentioned, was read; and found, or are not willing to inclose and build upon the

Mr. William Montagu, One of the principal Clerks in fame, the Chamberlain’s Office, said, That there is now in the

Chamber of London, the Sum of £. 30,000 for the Pur- . N® T.

pose of redeeming the Tolls on London Bridge. By an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Ma-

Peter Roberts, Esquire, being examined, laid. He was jesty, the Sum of £. 30,000 was granted to the City (as present when the Committee of Common Council ap- Trustees of the Estate appropriated to the Support pointed by the said Act, treated with Mr. Neale, the of London Bridge) for purchasing and redeeming the present Lessee of the said Tolls, who then demanded for Tolls thereon, and the Lease then existing of the same his Interest in the said Lease, whereof Fifteen Years and Tolls, the Tolls themselves, as well as those of the Bridge Three Quarters were unexpired at Michaelmas last, the at , which were intended to have ceased at

Sumofjf. 20,377. 5s Michaelmas 1770, being by the said Act to have Con-

Mr. Edward Neale, the said Lessee, being examined, tinuance until the City should, by and out of the fame, said, He met the said Committee at the Time above- be reimbursed what they should advance in Payment, mentioned, and made the said Demand: — That the or for the Redemption of an Annuity of 800 in lieu Tolls on the said Bridge have increased since 1766 up- of the Sum of 20,000 granted to the City of WesI-wards of £. 600 per Annum — and he produced an Account minster, and of an Annuity of £. 480 in lieu of the Sum of the annual Produce of the said Tolls, from 1762 to 12,000 granted to the Borough of Southwark, and

1770, inclusive, by which it appeared, that they have in defraying some other Charges therein mentioned, to-increased from £. 1,785. ior. 5 d. to £. 2,465. 14J. 3 d. gether with Interest at 4per Cent, for the Monies to be And, advanced.

Peter Roberts, Esquire, being again examined, said. The Medium of the gross Produce of the London

That the Sum of30,000 will not be sufficient to pur- Bridge Tolls, for the then Four last Years, being chafe the said Lease, and the Inheritance thereof. £ 1,864. 7 id. (which it was supposed would be

John Patterson, Esquire, delivered in to the Com- considerably affected by the new Bridge when opened) mittee a printed Paper hereunto annexed, N® I.; and the Lessees clear yearly Income or Profit was estimated being asked why the City did not treat with the Lessee but at >£.500 per Annum', and upon that Eftitnate the 1 said

ii Geo. III. aB° Jamarii. . 93

laid Lease at Michaelmas 1770 (when there would be Pifteen Years and Three Quarters to run) was valued but at £.5,764. m. which would leave £.24,835. 9 for the Purchase of the Reversion in Fee.

But when the City came to treat with the Lessee at Michaelmas 1770, he made it appear, that the Tolls, instead of being diminished, as was expected, were increased to £. 2,465.141. 3 d. per Annum (owing, it seems, to the more frequent Use of Iron*Ihod Wheels, and therefore demanded the Sum of £.20,377. 5s- d’e Value of his remaining Term.

As this Demand leaves no more than the Sum of £.9,622. 151. for the Purchase of the Inheritance (to which it is very far from adequate) the City as Trustees for London Bridge, have thought it their Duty to apply to Parliament for some further Aid.

Their Proposition therefore is, ift, That the Toll upon London Bridge shall be continued for Eleven Years and a Half certain from Michaelmas last, instead of the uncertain Term, for which it is by the said Act of Parliament to have Continuance, and which is computed to be Eight Years and an Half; so that it is proposed to be extended only Three Years.

id. That the Interest of the said £.30,000 shall, in the First Place, be applied to the Purposes to which the said Tolls are appropriated by the said Act, and subject thereto, shall be Suffered to accumulate until the Expiration of the said Eleven Years and a Half; and then together with the said Principal, be a Fund for purchasing the Remainder of the said Lease, and Reversion in Fee.

To the Effects of this Proposition, if carried into a Law, are computed as follows; - ,

found, or are not willing to inclose. and build upon the fame: And that the Lord Mayor of Lad-

broke, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman and Mr. Alderman Oliver, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. — -

A Petition of Several Owners and Proprietors of Lands Donington and Estates, within the Parish of Donington, in the County ^nc*°^ure* of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish Several Open Common Fields, and a Common or Heath called Kill/a/l Heath, and Several other Commonable or Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that, if the same were divided, and Specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Interests, the said Lands and Grounds might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Gilbert and Mr. Hanmerdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Laws what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report ExPir,n8-their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Dowdeswell,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

To the said Principal Sum of - - - 30,000 o o

And the Interest thereof, at per Cent. from the End of the Eight Years and a Half, to the End of the Eleven Years and a Half; viz. '- - - - 3,600 o o

The Total will be ---- - 33,600 o o

Deduct the Value of the Lease at the End of the Twelve Years, being then Four Years and One Quarter, at per Cent, per Annum, computed at - 6,737 o o

And there will remain to purchase the) ,

Reversion in Fee 2 3

The Trust Estate of London Bridge can by no means afford to be deprived of an adequate Recompence for the Toll, having already loft near £.1,000 per Annum of its Income, by the Loss of the Rents upon that Bridge, and being charged for ever with the Rates and Taxes formerly paid by the Tenants, and having advanced near £.9,000 towards the Repairs of the said Bridge, over and above a Sum of £.15,000 paid out of the Chamber of London for that Purpose.

N. B. That on an Examination of the Accounts laid before the honourable House of Commons in 1762, it appeared, that the Income of the Bridge House Estate was barely sufficient to defray the necessary Charges of Management, and the annual Expences of repairing and Supporting the Said Bridge.

The first Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Tolls upon London Bridge, and for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to authorize Persons, possessed for Terms of Years of certain Houses and Ground, described in an Act of the 7th Year of His present Majesty, to build upon and inclose such Ground, in case the Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance are not to be Vol. 33.

A Petition. of the Reverend Philip Barton, Clerk, Grest Brick-Lord of the Manor, and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Great Brickhill, in the County of ndoure" Bucks, the Reverend John Pitts, Clerk, Rector Incumbent of the said Parish, Robert Lowndes, Esquire, William 'Turney, Henry Miles, Yeoman, and several others.

Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish and Fields of Great Brickhill aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds belonging to the several Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and allotted amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their respective Interests: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hanmer and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Pro- Birmingham prietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, on Behalf Navigation, of themselves and the other Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, to oblige the said Company to make and complete the said Birmingham Canal, from its pretent Termination in the Lands belonging to the Free School of the Town of -minghem, into a certain Field (the Property of Charles Colmore, Esquire) called Newha/l Ring, within a Tim* to be limited; and that, in the Petition presented to the House for Leave to bring in the said Bill, the Petition--ers are charged with an Intention to evade the Execution of the said Canal up to the said Field, and like-wife with having refuted to complete the same; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners have never refused to completed the said Canal to the said Field under

B b the

94 a8° Januarii. 1771.

the Pretences aJIedgediby the said Charles Colmore; on fame, have laid out very considerable Sums of Money;

the contrary, Resoluttons were made, and Measures actually concerted, for completing the same up to the said Field; and that, in the Execution of that Part of the Canal at its present Termination, in a Direction towards the said Field, they have met with great Difficulties, from the bad Nature of the Land, and its Unfit-neis for a Canal, and are informed by Engineers, that the said Canal will be greatly endangered by the proposed Continuation of it to the said Field; and that the Public will in no Degree be benefited thereby: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill; but, should the House pass the same into a Law, then that they will not compel the Petitioners to complete the Canal to the said Field in any fixed Line from its present Termination, or within any Time that may interfere with the Obligations enjoined by the Act for making the said Canal; and that the Petitioners may have full Exemptions from Damages which may beconsequent upon such Continuation of the said Canal, and such other Powers as will effectually secure the said Canal from Injuries thereby, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of certain Manufacturing Mills, in the Neighbourhood'of mingham, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Mills are dependent, for a Supply of Water, upon certain Streams or Rivulets, which have, by the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, been occasionally in the last Summer turned into the said Canal, for the Supply of Water loft thereout by Leakage or otherwise; and the Petitioners believe, that although, pursuant to the Act for the establishing the said Canal, as great a Part as possible of the said Water had been returned, by the Weirs and other Conveniences on the said Canal, into the original Channel-or Course for supplying the Petitioners said Mills, and notwithstanding the last Summer proved in general very wet, yet the Petitioners found themselves occasionally under great Difficulties, in the short Periods in which they were deprived of the said Streams and Rivulets; and, as a very considerable and constant Leakage hath aril'en upon the present Termination of the said Canal, the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the Petition of Charles Colmore, Esquire, for continuing the said Canal from its present Termination up to Ring, through Ground (as the Petitioners are informed) equally hazardous in Point of Leakage to that last passed in the present Termination, and which may greatly affest the Property of the Petitioners in their said Mills, for Want of a regular Supply of Water; and that the present Termination of the said Canal appears sufficient for most of the Purposes of immediate Utility and Convenience to the Town of Birmingham and the adjacent Country: And therefore hope the Proprietors of the said Canal will be reftiained by Law from extending the said Canal any further in its present Line of Direction, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, in Opposition to the Bill of the said Charles , now

depending in the House.

A Petition of several Owners of Messuages, Dwelling Houses, and Buildings, erected and Handing upon the Estate of Charles Colmore, Esquire, in , in the County of Warwick, and of the Tenants and Occupiers of the fame, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and complete the said Navigation, from its present Termination, in the I,ands belonging to the Free School of the Town of Birmingham, into a certain Field (the Property of the said Charles Colmore) called Newhall , in as strait and direct a Line as the Level will admit; and that the Petitioners engaged to pay the said Charles Colmore very considerable Ground Rents for the Land upon which the litid Houses and Buildings stand, and, in erecting the

and that, if the said Company of Proprietors are compelled to finish and extend their said Canal to the said Field, it mull unavoidably pass in the Front of, and very near to, the Buildings of many of the Petitioners, by which the Intention of the Petitioners in erecting the said Houses and Buildings will not only be defeated, but the Value of the same greatly lessened, and the Petitioners very materially injured, nor will the Public receive any Benefit from the same: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration, that the Bill of the said Charier Colmore may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal, to a Field called Newhall Ring, adjoining to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, within a Time to be limited, is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Appleby Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of loclosure. Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord Strange, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put York in Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing the Road. Road, from the City of York, over Skipbridge to Borough-bridge, in the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said City and County, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was pre- -fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Sums of Money have been borrowed, on the Credit of the said Act, which have been duly applied, and some Progress has been made in repairing the said Road; but the several Sums of Money so borrowed are still owing, and the Tolls and Duties by the said Act directed to be taken are insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and to keep the said Road in Repair; and that the Term by the said Act granted is nearly expired; and that the said Road might be effectually amended and kept in Repair, if competent Tolls and Duties were granted, and properly collected and applied, and a further Term granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Archibald - Nether ton, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, Lord of- Wyerfdale the Manor of Nether Wyerfdale, in the County of Lan- I°dofure. caster, the Right honourable EdzvardEarl of Derby, Jo-' feph Brockholes, Geoffrey Hornby, Thomas Allen Greenalgk,

Esquires, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, Lessees,

Possessors of, or otherwise interested in, divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Townships of Barnikerand Bonds, in the said County of Lancaster, and in respect thereof entitled to Right

11 Geo. III. i8° Januariu

of Common upon a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Barniker , within the said Manor of Nether Wyerf dale, was presented to the House, ^and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor, a large Tract of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Barniker Moor; and that the Petitioners* in respect of their ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Town-ships, are entitled to a Right of Common upon the said Common or Waste Grounds, or otherwise interested therein; and that there are divers Leasehold Estates, within the said Manor and Townships, held for One or more Life or Lives, and also for Years absolute, and the Leffecs or Tenants thereof have and enjoy Common of Pasture upon the said Common or Waste Grounds, for and in respect of such Leases; but several of them are, by their Leases, only entitled tcTRight of Common thereon so long as the said Common or Waste Grounds lie open and uninclosed; and that the said Common or Waste Grounds at present afford little or no Profit or Advantage* but are capable of great Improvements; and the same would, if fevered and divided, allotted and inclosed, so that they might be converted into Tillage, be of great Benefit and Avantage to the Persons interested therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Common and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Sir Char let do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

missionersor Trustees to take Security from their Treasurer. Receiver, or Collector, for the faithful Execution of his Office. - *

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a Standing Order of the House.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Westmhfler That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be Bridge, granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to maintain the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trails reposed in them.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply. ing next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Peebles A Petition of the Freeholders and Heritors of the

Roads. County of Peebles, in North Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from the Town of Peebles, to the King’s Eatedge, and to Gatehope, Know Bumfoot, and to the Top of Minch Moor, and to Loch-head, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts very narrow and incommodious: And therefore praying, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: -

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, , Sir Gilbert Elliot, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

S*. A Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing,

p*,erne’i lighting, and watching, such Parts of the Precinct of aviag. Saint Catherine, in the County of Middlesex, as are not

included in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Militia Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare Cloathing. an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1771;

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Lord

Strange, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Standing Resolved, That in all future Bills for Acts of Parlia-’Tre*iwer* ment» for making Navigable Canals, paving or lighting £LT' Streets, or for any other Work proposed to be ca.'.ied on PttblicWorks. by Tolls or Duties, to be levied on the Subject in particular Places, a Clause be inserted, to oblige the Com-Vol. 33.

Drainage.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJIley have Leave to make Stoke Ferry, a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock. &c*

And he moved the House accordingly:

And presented to the House,

A Petition of divers Owners and Occupiers of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham, West Dereham, and

Roxham, in the County of Norfolk, bounded by the River Wifjey, South; the Fen Lands of the Parish of

Fordham, in the said County, West; the Uplands of the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, IVretlon, fVereham, West Dereham, and Roxham, North; and a certain River called the String, or Orton River, East.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners and other Proprietors within the said Fen have, for Want of a sufficient Bank between their said Fen Lands and the said River Wijj'ey, to prevent the Waters in the said River overflowing the Petitioners Lands, and from the Defect of their Outfall to Sea, been for several Years past frequently annoyed with Waters, so as to render them of little Value, to the Loss of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and also of the Public: And therefore praying, such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Eduard AJIley, Mr. De Grey,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambridge the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ* the Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the University of Cambridge, in the room of William De Grey, Esquire, now Lord Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,

Holland

Ward

Inclcfiire.

DoRo?cray*« Sc Navi He’s Nat.

Eviurd Sc Cholln’s Nat.

96

29° Januarii.

A. 1771

Mart is, 29® die januarii'.

Anno 11" Georgii IIIt,f Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Right honourable Nathanael Lord Scarfda/e, and the humble Petition of Sacheverell Pole, John Tempest Burrow, and Philip Esquires, and others. Proprietors of a Common in the County of Derby, called Holland Ward, otherwise Hollin JVard, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Common contains about 1,500 Acres; and that, if the same was divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Curzon, Lord George Cavendish, and Mr. Clarke, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Peter Du Rover ay and John Daniel Naville: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second' Time.

A Petition of John Peter Eynard and David Chollet, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That their Names may be inserted in the Bill, now depending.

for naturalizing John Peter Du Rcv and John Daniel Naville.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant Estimate* to their Address to His Majesty, aw* Lifts

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows Pre*ente<L of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1771: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for tht Year 1771: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1771: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay, for 365 Days, for the Year 1771, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the 24th December 1765.: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1771: And also,

A Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1771.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Lifts were read.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session j and the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers, who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1771,

Allowances to the Widows, for the Year 1771

£. s. d.

664 — —

War Office, 29th January 1771.

1

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1771.

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1770, to 24th December 1771, inclusive -

For Allowances to Officers of the reduced Horse -

For the annual Allowances to Nine Private Gentlemen of the Third and Fourth Troops of Horse Guards, at £. 10per Annum each -

For 53 Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards at 7 Diem each -

I Per Diem.

£ s. d.

322 18 0

1 14 2

1 10 11

For 365 Days.

£. s. d.

117,858 10 o 623 10 10

90----

564 4 7

Total -

-L

HJM36 5 5

War Office, 29th January 1771.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE

11 Geo. Ill

2 90 Januarii.

97

-L

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers 'in Great for the Year 1771.'

' For 365 Days.

General and General Staff Officers - ^..... 11,291 8 6£

War Office, 29th January 1771.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay for 365 Days, For the Year 177!, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions, reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay, at the 24th December 1765.

4 ptr Diem. For 365 Days.

4 10 Captains, at ioj. each, per Diem - * -n Lieutenants, at 41. 8d.each, per Diem 3 Ensigns, at 31. &d. each per Diem - - - 5 2 11 4 1,825 936 16 8 200 15 —

24 CO 2,962 11 8

War Office, 19th January 1771* *

Ordered, That the said Estimates 2nd Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be peruftd by the Members of the House.

Framwel- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are 8*w*C* thereunto subscribed, being Owners of ancient Meffu-lnctofnre. ages or gurgages within the City of , and the Borough and Township of , was presented to

the Houte, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within, or belonging to, the said City and Borough, several Moors, Commons, or Wastes, known by the Names of Framwelgate Moor, High BraJJide Low

Moor, Harberhou/e MoorPotter Well Springs

Moor, and Findon Hill Moor, containing, by Estima-tion, 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are, within the said Township, Two Parcels of Ground, known by the several Names of The Intack, otherwise The Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, containing, by Estimation, 130 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the ‘BUbop of Durham, in Right of his Church, and See of Durham, is Lord of the Manor of Chester, in the ‘£rid €oonty of Durham, and, as such, is entitled to the >80* of, and Royalties within, and under, the *~.vjC6ljd Moors, Commons, or Wastes j and the said *WhF*-several Parcels of Ground, called The httack, lltWeiwife Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, are within the said Manor, and held of the Lord thereof by Copy of Court Roll, in Trust for the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Borough, who have enjoyed, and arc entitled to, a certain Number Vol. 33.

of Cow Gates in the said Intack, otherwise Cow,

at certain Times in the Year; and that the Dean and Chapter of Durham are Rectors and Impropriators of the Parish of Saint Oswald, and, as such, are entitled to all Manner of Tithes, arising, renewing, or increasing, within, or upon, the said Commons, or Wastes, and Parcels of Ground; and that the Petitioners, and other Owners of ancient Messuages or Burgages within the said City and Borough, or their Lessees or Tenants, are entitled to the foie Right of Common, not only in and upon the said Moors, Commons, or Wastes, at all Times in the Year, but also in and upon the said Parcels of Ground, called The Intack, otherwise Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, at certain Times in the Year, and to the Right of Intercommon upon certain Parcels of inclosed Lands within the said Township, called Intercommon Lands; and that it will be advantageous to the said Bishop, and the said Dean and Chapter, and all other Persons interested in the Rights aforesaid, if the said Moors, Commons, or Wastes, and Parcels of Ground, were divided into just Allotments, and inclosed, and adequate Provisions made for the said Bishop, and Dean and Chapter, in respect of their several Rights and Iriferefts aforesaid; and also if such Rights of Intercommon as aforesaid, were extinguished upon reasonable and proper Terms: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

C c

AyVft’jry

Inclosure.

Liverpool

Theatre.

Renner’s

Nat.

St. Luke’s ( Middlesex) Paving.

98

290 Januarii.

A. 1771*

Ordered, That Lehve hie given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vane and Mr. Wallacedo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hanmer reported from the Committee, to whom the B:ll for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, within the Township and Liberties of Ay’ejhuy, in the County of Bucks, was comrtiitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 162 Acres of Land, who did not chulc to sign the Bill, but would not oppose the Inclosure: and also except the Proprietors of 616 Acres, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Lands to be inclosed is computed to be about 1,820 Acres; and that the Owners of Great and Small Tithes within the said Fields, whose Property therein is computed to be equal to 400 Acres or thereabouts, had consented to the Bill) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report inffiis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir Robert Ladbroke, &c.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, firoogh and others, residing near, or travelling upon, and using, the Road herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near the Haven and Ferry, Called Brough , in the East Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, through the Town of South Cave, to a Place called Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding, is become ruinous, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and for rendering the same more commodious, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir Cecil Wray,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pennant presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Play-house in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Henry Renner, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalisation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charies Whitworth and Mr. Pennant do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, House-holders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Miwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Railages, within the /'aid Parish, particularly Chis Street, Grub Street, Bunhill Rozv, Featherstone Street, James Street, Whitecross

street. Golden Lane, and the South and North Sides of Old Street, the East Side of Goswell Street, Blue Anchor Alley, and Play house Yard, and the Passages thereof, are greatly obstructed by Nuisances and Annoyances; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly paved, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, removed and prevented for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, and for opening other Places, and making Improvements in the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, in such Manner as to the Floule shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Cderation of a Committee: And that they do examine

-fr.

A Petition of Joseph Sykes and Braokfby, Melton

Esquires, and of the other Persons, whose Names are lndofure. thereunto subscribed, having Freehold Estates in the several Open Fields, Grounds, and Common, in the Township of Melton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Township are certain Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, distinguished by the several Names of The East Field, The West Field, The Middle Field,

The Common, The Hales, and The Ings, or by other Names, which contain, in the Whole, i,oco Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the Proprietors in the said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated, as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expelnfive; and all the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, capable of very little Improvement; and that a Division and Inclosure of the same would be advantageous to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to effe<ft the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pui-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Me.

Lascelles and Mr. Weddell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

c

A Petition of John Porter, Thomas , and Mytm

Joseph Sykes, Esquires, and of the other Persons^whose ^nc'olur<* Names are thereunto subscribed, having Cattle Gates in a certain Common Pasture or Piece of Ground, eallexi MytonCarr, in the Lordship of Myton, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within tire said Lordship there is a certain Common Pasture <Sf. Piede. of Ground, called Myton Carr, which contain* 170 Acres, or thereabouts, which, if inclosed, would.' be advantageous to all Parties interested therein": And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to effect the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lascelles

ii Geo. III. 29 0 Januarii.'99

Lascelles and Mr. Weddell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tadcaster Mr. Lascelles repotted from the Committee, to whom through the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put C° Roadi.m *n Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Colling ham, Harewood, Aand Pool, to Otley, in

the West Riding of the County of York; and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Trades-men, and other Inhabitants of the said Riding, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame’, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. James Collins produced the Book of Receipts and Disbursements of the said Trustees, by which it appeared that 3,435 remains due on the Credit of the Act, which Sum, he said, cannot be paid off, and the Road completed, within the present Term.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of 7 tii rough Coilingham, Hare and Pool, to

the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Daniel Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

Lantriflent A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, of the Roads. County of Glamorgan, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from the Town of triffent, to a Place called Croes Faen, to Vawr, the Village of Lanharran, Cummar Bridge and for damns, the Villages of Aberdare, Lanwonno, and and from LantrijJ'ent New Bridge, and from thence through the Village of Merthirtidvill. to the Confines of the County of Brecon-, the Road leading from to the Gate leading to Garth Mailog, to Bade

Helig, and Rhydy Bade Ycha, aie in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places narrow and incommodious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and rcp.trt the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vernon, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet upon Thursaay Morning next, at N ine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

North A Petition of John Rijhont, Esquire, Lord of the Littleton Manor of North Littleton, in the County of Isdofure. ancj Qf t|)C pcvcraj 0t|)er Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Lands within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the said Manor, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased in Value if the same were divided: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Vol. 33.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill, pur- , suant to the Prayer of the said Petition And that Mr.

Doivdefwell and Mr. Joseph Martin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Alton Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Warte *

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of edge, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Freeholders and others, of Scaftwortfc Scaftworth, in the Parish of Everlon, in the County of Inclosure. Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the Township and Liberties of Scaftworth, several Open Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Owners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective interests, it would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Wastes, in ' such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel S' Leger and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Freeholders and others of the Mifterton Parish of Mijlerton, in the County of Nottingham, whose Inclosure. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Owners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective interests, it would be an Improvement of their Estates:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel S‘ Leger and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Watford thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and Inclosure. otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Murcott, in the Parishes of Watford aforesaid, and Long Buckby, or one of them, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dil'perfect, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective. interests therein:

And

IOO

290 Januarii. A. 1771.

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Field?, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Skipwith and Sir William do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Birmingham The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, Canal to whom the Bill to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation* to complete the said Canal, to a Field called Ring, adjoining

to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, within a Time to be limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Re* port was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of February next.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, on Behalf of them (elves and the other Proprietors; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of certain Manufacturing Mills, in the Neighbourhood of Birmingham; and also the Petition of several Owners of Messuages, Dwell ing-houses, and Buildings, erected and (landing upon the Estate of Charles Colmore, Esquire, in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and of the Tenants and Occupiers of

the fame, which were Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report should be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, when the Report from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, shall be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Grundy’* A Petition of Thomas Grundy, of Appleby, in the

Name to County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and Swinfen. rea(j. Setting forth. That Samuel of London,

Merchant, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Forty two, gave and devised his Manor or Lordship of Swinfen, and all other his Manors and Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whatsoever, in or near Swinfen aforesaid, or elsewhere, in the County of Stafford, to Trustees, to the Use of his Nephew, Samuel Grundy, for Life, with Re-

mainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Samuel Grundy, successively in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to his Nephew Grundy,

Brother of the said Samuel Grundy, for Life, with Remainders over to the Use of his the said Joseph Grundy's First and other Sons, successively in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to his Nephew the Petitioner, another Brother of the said Samuel Grundy for Life; with Remainders to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Petitioner in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and that the said Testator by his said Will declares, That the Devises and Limitations of his said Manor and other Estates in the said County of Staff

ford, to the Persons intended to take any beneficial Estate therein, and whose Surnames are not Swinfen,

(lull, within Six Calendar Months next after they shall severally come into the actual Possession of the fame, or any Part thereof, take and use the Surname of Swinfen; and also endeavour to procure an Act of Parliament, for the calling him and them by the Surname of Swinfen; and that the said Testator devised all his Leate-hold Estates in the said County of Stafford, and all his other Estates in Trust for his said Nephew, Samuel Grundy, and such other Person and Persons, and for such Estates and Interests, and subject to such Limitations, as i^pre by the said Testator’s Will limited and declared, concerning his Freehold Estates in the County of Stafford; and the said Testator devised his Manor

or Lordship of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and all other his Estates there in Trust to be sold; and the Money arising by the Sale thereof, and also the Residue of his personal Estate, he directed should be laid out in the Purchase of Freehold Estates of Inheritance, to be settled to the same Uses, and under and subject to the same Provisoes, Conditions, and Limitations, as are in and by the said Will limited and expressed of and concerning his said Freehold Estates in the County of Stafford, or as near thereto as might be; and that the said Testator is since dead, and the said Estates in the County of Surrey have been since fold, and the Money arising by Sale thereof, together with the Residue of the said Testator’s personal Estate, laid out in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Stafford-, and the said Samuel Grundy, and Joseph Grundy, are both dead without Issue Male, and the Petitioner is now in the actual Possession of the Estates purchased in pursuance of the said Will, and is desirous of taking the Name of Swinfen: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Barrow and Sir William Guise do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Earl of Carlife was presented to Butterwicle the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, Inclosure. within the Township or Hamlet of Butterwick, in the Parish of Foy holes, in the East Riding of the County of York, several Open Uninclosed Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, the Property of the Petitioner and others, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and is, in its present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioner and the rest of the Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wallace and Mr. Charles Fox do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Melkflisia thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, *? redding near, or frequently travelling, the Roads herein , °* after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the present Turnpike Road from Melhsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath, in the County of Somerset, is inconvenient j and that the making a new Road from Melhsham, by or near Broughton,

Wraxhall, and Farlywick, in the said County of Wilts, and from thence to the Bottom of the Hill near Bath-ford, in the County of Somerset, would be more easy and convenient for Travellers; and that from Bathford to Bath, the present Turnpike Road comes into the interior Parts of die City of Bath, through a Street

which

IOI

ii Geo. III. 29

which is narrohr and incommodious j and that if the New Road before mentioned, or the present Turnpike Road, was carried across the River Avdn, by a Bridge near Bat'ford, to or near, Hampton and , and

from thence to the New Bridge which is building across the River Avon, a considerahje Distance would be saved; and the Road made moreealy than it is at present, and the Entrance to the interior Parts of the City of Bath would be rendered more convenient; and that, in the present Turnpike Road from Bradford to the City of Bath, there are several steep Hills, which might be avoided if a new Road was made from Bradford to Farlywick, and there to join, the said - *ew intenefed Road from Mdkjhamto Bathford; and that the pretent Road from Froome, Saiifhury,

ampton, Portsmouth, and other Parts of Wiltshire, fetshire, and Hampjliire, to Bath, by the Way of Entry

Hill, and Holt array, and from Weltito Bath, by the Way of Welljhilland Holloway, is steep and inconvenient, which might be remedied if a new Road was made from that Part of Odd Down, near the Old Glass House, which communicates with the Road leading to Froome and Warminster, to or near a Place called Bar-rocks; and if another Road was made from a Part of the said Wells Road, near to a Place called the Lyon, to, or near, the said , where the said Two

' Reads would join, and from thence by or near a Place called Lyncomb, and from thence to the End of the said Bridge* which is building across the River Avon: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making* widening, and repairing, the said several Roads, under such Regulations and Provisions als the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referted to Mr. Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet upon Morning next,

at Nine of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

iWtli A Petition of feverdt of the Land Owners, and Fer-Mufehsm, interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Common &c. Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Icclomre. North Mujkham, Holme, and in the Parish of

North Mujkham, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Townships, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the fame, together with the Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, were divided and incloled, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray, the Lord Belafyfe, Mr. Willoughby, and Mr. Hexvett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

P’vmrmJ, -A Petition of John John Nicolls, George

Paving.* Woollcom.be, Joseph Squire, Putt, and others,

Commissioners atfting under an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching,- the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Vol. 33.

Petitioners have proceeded to execute the Trust re- ' posed in them, and have expended considerable Sums of Money, and also contracted great Debts, over and above the £.400 which they have borrbwed by Virtue of the said Act; and that the Rate which the Petitioners have afiefl’ed upon the Inhabitants and Proprietors, and which* with the £ 400 so borrowed, would have been sufficient to answer all these Expences, has hitherto been very imperfectly collected, on account of the Refusal of the Justices of the Peace to exercise the coercive Power, which by the Act: is lodged' fblely in them; and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that the Refusal of the said Justices does not proceed from any just Objedfion to the Proceedings of the Petitioners, but from a settled intention to defeat the Purposes of . the Act, and that the Petitioners are informed* that to compel the said Justices to inforce, as well the Payment of the Rate, as a due Compliance with the other Injundtions of the Act, will be attended with great Difficulty, Delay, and Expence; and that it is even doubtful, whether the Power granted the said Justices by the Act may not by Construction extend-lo far as to give them a Power of totally defeating it; and that various other Doubts and Difficulties have arilcn in the Execution of the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, and also to impower the Petitioners to levy the Rate, and to inforce a due Compliance with the several Injundlions of the Act, in some more effectual Manner, than the Adk in its present Form will admit of; without which, the Petitioners apprehend, not only that the said Act will be wholly ineffectual to the good Purposes intended by it* but also that all Debts, Contracts, and Engagements* entered into under the Sandlion of the Act, will remain a Burthen upon the said Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine; the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr. Parker, Sir John Saint Anbyn, &c.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Morden to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, College, upon the Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement, made between Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands* and the Trustees of Morden College, in the County of for enabling

His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenjione Hill, in the Parish of East , in

the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for im-., powering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in the said College; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Wakefield thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants within the Town l*avinS-

D d and

102

2 90 Januarii. ^.1771*

and Township of Wakefield, in the County of York, and " Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands there, was " Borough of New Shore ham, was illegal, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That " , That it appears to this Committee, That

the Streets, Lanes, Alievs, and other Public Passages, " in the Borough of New , a Society has for

within the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, " many Years subsisted, which has affirmed the Name are in a very ruinous Condition, and very ill payed, re- " of The Christian Society; that none but Voters for Repaired, cleansed, and lighted, and the Passages thereof " presentatives in Parliament were ever admitted into are greatly obstructed by various Nuisances and Annoy- " the Society, and that a great Majority'of the Voters ances; and that several of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, " for New Shoreham were Members; that the Society and other Public Passages, are, in some Parts thereof, " had a'Constant Clerk} that they held a regular narrow and incommodious; and that it would tend " Monthly, and frequent occasional Meetings; and

greatly to the Health, Safety, and Advantage, of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and be of public Utility, it all the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Public Paf-lages, within that Part of the said Town, which lies within the Mali End of the South Side

of North gate Bar, the North End of Bridge,

{except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield, leading from Wren-gate towards East Moor, were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, and widened, and turned and altered where necessary, and the said Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, were removed for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a- Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: Arfdt'tfchey are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Scotland — Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Carters, Regulation of Carters, Carts, Carriages,

arts, c. jjQajecj Horses, Filling up of Coal Pits, Obstrudf ions, and Nuisances, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Sir Alexander Gilmour, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Gilbert , and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Spain — Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad-^"jkland’s dresses of Fridaylaft (that His Majesty would be gra-n *" ciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give jDirections accordingly'.

The other Order of the Day being read;

New The House proceeded to take into further Considera-Shoreham fj^n the Report from the Select Committee, who were Icdtion, -app0;nted to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of

And the Resolutions of the Committee were again read; and are as followeth; viz.

*L Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That,

" at the last Election for New Shoreham, 87 Persons " voted for Mr. Rumbold, 37 for Mr. Purling, and for " Mr. James -, that all who voted for Mr. Rumbold, except one, took the Bribery Oath before they gave " their Votes; that Hugh Roberts, the Returning Officer, put Queries to the Names of 76 of the Voters for Mr. Rumbold, at the Time they gave their ‘f Votes; and, immediately on the Close of the Poll,

" declared Mr. Purling duly elected.

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" That the Conduct of the Returning Officer, in taking the Poll, and making the Return, at the last

,c that, whenever they met, a Flag was hoisted, to " give Notice of fuUi Meeting: That the Members " of the Society, about Three Years ago, entered into " Articles for railing and distributing small Sums of " Money to charitable Ufesj but that these Articles " were deligned only to cover the real Intent of their " Institution: That the principal Purpose of their " Meetings was for what they called Burgessing Business; that they all took an Oath of Secresy, " and entered into a Bond, under a Penalty of Five " Hundred Pounds, to bind them all together, with " regard to Burgessing; ' but that the Condition of " the Bond does not precilely appear: That, upon " any Vacancy in the Representation of the Borough# " the Society always appointed a Committee to treat " with the Candidates for the Purchase of the Seat; " and that the Committee were constantly instruefed " to get the most Money, and make the bed Bargain " they could: That the Society never appointed a " Committee for any other Purpose; and that they’had " no Standing Committee: That, on a false Report " of the Death of Sir Samuel in February last#

" the Society was called together by the Signal of " the Flag; that many of the iMembers at that Meeting, which was very numerous, declared they would " support the highest Bidder; that some, and amongst " them Hugh Roberts, the Returning Officer at the last " Election, expressed themselves offended at i such a " Declaration, and said. That they were afraid of Consequences, for the Society was only a Heap of Bribery; and withdrew from the Society: That One of " those who withdrew, going about Two Months ago " to a Meeting of the Society, was treated with harlh *f-Expressions, and told he came amongst them as a " Spy: That, however, the Society continued to meet;

" that their Meetings were frequent near the Time of " the Election; that it was said that a Committee was " appointed after the Death of Sir Samuel Cornish;

" that none of the Members said to be of that Committee voted at the last Election, though most of " them were in New Shoreham on the Day of the " Election; that, Three Days before the Election, the " Society was reported to be dissolved 5 but that the " Members of it have since resumed their Meetings.

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That this Committee, having tried the Matter " of the Petition referred to them, cannot make any further Inquiry into the Transactions of the said Society.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" That a further Inquiry into the Transactions of the " said Society ought to be made."

The Four First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The subsequent Refutation of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicehte, That the said Inquiry

into the Transactions of the said Society be heard at the Bar of this House.

Resolved, That the said Inquiry be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 14th Day of February next.

Ordered, That Hugh Roberts, Harry Innott, Napper

Daniel,

Will*

ji Geo. III. 290 — 310

Daniel, John Innett, Thomas , Daniel BartL’t,

Richard Tiflone, John Boyce, William Gear, William Hards, William Rujsbridge, Henry Henry Hanning, John Butcher, William Joseph

and John Wood, do then attend this House, to be examined touching the said Inquiry.

Ordered, That John Partington, the Younger, do attend this House at the same Time, with all the Books land Papers belonging to the said Society, or which any-wil'e relate to their Transactions.

The House was moved, that the Two First of the said Resolutions, which have been postponed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Charge contained in the said Resolutions, against Hugh Roberts, the Returning Officer, be heard at the Bar of this House.

Resolved, Tint the said Charge be heard, at the Bar of this House, up«n Friday the 8th Day of February next.

Ordered, That Copies of the said Charge be sent to the said Hugh Roberts; and that he be it Liberty to be heard by his Counsel.

Ordered, That John Browne do attend this House Upon the said 8th Day of February, to be examined touching the said Charge.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

JoviSi 31° die;

Anno ix* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1771

Prayers;

O H N Peter Du Rover ay, John Daniel Naville,

Peter Eynard, and David took the Oaths

appointed* in order to their Naturalization.

*j A Petition of Alicia Macartney, Sptnfter, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Francis Macartney, late of Argyll B, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, did duly make, and public, h is last Will and Testamer.t in Writing, bearing Date the 29th Day of July 1758, and thereby, amongst Other Things, did direct all his just Debts to be fully paid and satisfied, and in case his Personal Estate should not be sufficient for that Purpose, then in Aid thereof, he thereby subjeifted and charged all and singular the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, and wheresoever, wherein he had any Estate in Possession, Reversion, Remainder* or Expectancy, with the Payment of his said Debts, and thus subjetfted and charged, he gave and devised all and singular his said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, with their, and every of their Appurtenances* from and immediately af^er the Decease of his Father, James Macartney, Esquire, unto the Petitioner, his Sifter and her Assigns, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if Ihe should so-long live, without Impeachment of Waste; and after the Determination of that Estate, unto John Calcraft, then of Parliament Street,

Westminster, Esquire, and John Paterson, then of Barber's Hall, London, Esquire, and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after the Decease of the Petitioner, unto the First and other Sons of her Body, successively in Tail Male, and for Default of such lflfue, then unto his, the Testator’s Sifter, Catherine Macartney and her Assigns, for the Tefm of Ninety-nine Years, if Ihe should so long live, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remain-VOL. 33.

Januarii. 103

der to the same Trustees and their Heirs during her Life, to preserve the contingent Remainders, and after her Decease, unto the First and other Sons of her Body successively in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, then unto his, the said Testator’s Sifter, Frances, the Wife of Fulk GrtviPe, Esquire, and her Assigns, for the Term

of Ninety-nine Years, if Ihe should lo long live, without Impeachment of Waftp, with Remainder to the same Trustees, during her Life, to preserv the contingent Remainders, and after her Decease unto her first and other Sons successively in Tail Male; and for Default of such I flue, then unto his, the said Testator’s Sifter, Mary Macartney, and her Assigns, for the Term of Ninety-nine I Years, if flie should so long live, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during her Lite, to preserv the contingent Remainders, and after her Decease, unto her first and other Sons fucccffively in Tail Male; and for Default of such issue, then unto his the said Testator’s own right Heirs for ever; wit! 1 Power for the Petitioner and his, the said Testator’s other Sifters, when in PolLUton, to grant Leases upon the Terms therein mentioned; and as to all the rest of his Personal Estate; if any should remain after Payment of his Debts, he thereby gave and bequeathed the fame, to the Petitioner, whom lie appointed Executrix of his laid Will; and that the said Testatordied loon afterwards; without having revoked his said Will, leaving the Petitioner, and the said Catherine Macartney, Frances Grey'd'e, and Mary Macartney, his Sifters and Co-heirs at Law; and the Petitioner loon after his Decease proved the said Will in common Form, in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury; and that the said James Macartney, the Father of the Testator* is lately dead, w hereby the Petitioner, under the Limitations in the said Will of the said Francis Macartney, her Brother, is become entitled to all his Real Estate for the Remainder of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, if Ihe shall so long live, with Remainder to her First and other Son's in Tail Male, the greatest Part of which Estate lies in the Kingdom of Ireland; and that the said Mary, the Petitioner’s

Sifter, lbmctimc since intermarried with Henry

Lyttelton, Esquire, and is since dead, leaving George Fulk Lyttelton, her Eldest Son and Heir at Law, an Infant, of about the Age of Seven Years; and that the said Will hath been proved in the High Court of Chancery, in Great Britain, and the Petitioner may have 'frequent Occasion to produce, or give the same in Evidence, as well in Great Britain as in Ireland, and the said Will cannot, as Occasion may from Time to Time require, be carried from one Kingdom to the Other, so as to be made use of at any Trial at Law without great Hazard, nor can the Witnesses; who are able to prove the due Execution of the said Will, be compelled by any Process, to attend in the'laid Kingdom of Ireland,.to give, their Testimony at alny Trial at Law to l?c had there: And therefore praying, That a Bill may bfc brought in for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of the said Francis Macartney, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain. .., and Ireland. I

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* purr suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sif Edward AJlley and Mr. Loivndes do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Norwich Execution an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of g^g ., His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road. Road, from the City of Norwich, to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and of several other Per Ions, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Tiuft.es appointed' by the said Act have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, but find the Tolls arc

not

104 3i° Januarii.A. 1771.

not {uflieient to enable them effectually to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and that, by the said Act, the Trustees arc restrained from erecting any Turnpike, but at such Places as are therein mentioned; by reason of which Restriction, the Tolls do not produce to much as they would do, in case the Trustees were at Liberty to crest Turnpikes at such Places as they should think proper, within a certain Distance of Norwich and Settle fun; and that the Money already borrowed, and which will be necessary to be borrowed, to complete the Repairs of the said Road, and to defray all other necessary Purposes of the said Act, cannot be paid off, and the Road effectually amended and kept in

good Repair, unlel's the Term of the Act is enlarged,

and the said Act amended and made more effectual: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for extending the Provisions thereof, in such Manner as the House shall think most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward A ft ley, Mr. De Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Norfolk A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentle*

*>00r* men. Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Norfolk, was presented to tire House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said County are very numerous, and the present Method of maintaining and supporting them very burthensome and expensive; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if proper Houses were provided for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, under proper Regulations, they would be much better, and more comfortably supported and maintained, and at much less Expence, than at present; and that many other Benefits and Advantages would re-fult to the County therefrom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the County of Norfolk, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir , Mr. De Grey,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Chaplain Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked, the Reverend Mr. King, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at St. Margaret’s, Westminst; and that he be desired to print the fame.

Stoke Ferry, Sir Edward Act ley reported from the Committee, to fey whom the Petition of divers Owners and Occupiers of

Drainage. pen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Stoke Ferry, IVretton, Wereham, West Dereham, and Roxham, in the County of Norfolk, bounded by the River Wiffey, South; the Fen Lands of the Parish of Fordham, in the said County, West; the Uplands of the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Wereham, West

Dereham, and Roxham, North; and a certain River called the String ,or Orton River, East, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame,

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr;

William Creafy, being examined, said. That the Lands described in the Petition are frequently overflowed, and cannot be effectually drained without the Aid of Parliament; but if the same were drained, it would be advantageous to the Proprietors, and the Public in general.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham,

West Dereham, and Roxham, in the County of

And that Sir Edward AJlley, Sir Simeon Stuart, and Mr*

De Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, residing Swarkeltone, in or near the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Stafford, &c. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Roads leading from the South East End of Swarkeftone Bridge, in the County of Derby, through

Ticknalland Hartftiorne, in the said County, across AJkby

Woulds, to the Top of Linton Heath, adjoining the Road between Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and Overfeal, in the County of Leicester, and from the

Pinfold in Overfeal aforesaid, down Gunby, through Ne-therfeal, in the said County of Leicester, to the Road at the South East End of C/ifton, in the said County of Stafford, leading from thence to Clifton Heath, and from Ticknall aforesaid, over Priftcn Hills, in the said County of Derby, to the North End of the Town of Ashby de la Zouc/t, in the said County of Leicester, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may lie given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Clarke, Lord George Cavendish,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Selkirk of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads, leading through the County of Selkirk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk.

Ordered, That Mr. Pringle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Lord Kirkby Viscount Wentworth, Lord of the Manor, and Patron Mal ory of the Rectory, of Kirkby Mallory, in the County of Lei- inclosure-cester, and the Proprietor of all the Land in1 the Open Fields and Common Pastures in Kirkby Mallory aforesaid, except the Land in the said Open Fields and Common Pastures belonging to the said Rectory, and about Three Roods of Land there, belonging to some other Person or Persons, and also a Proprietor of other Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Kirkby Mallory aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Rowney

Noel,

ii Geo. Ilf. 310 janucirii. 105

Noil, Dofter in Divinity, Reel or of the said lleftory, and a<? such, entitled to Lands and Tithes in the said Open Fields and Common Pastures, and also to other Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Mai-

lory aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, several Open Fields and Common Pastures, in which the Lands of the Petitioners lie dispersed and intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it wOuld be very advantageous to the Petitioners, to have the same divided and inclosed, and to be impowered to establish Exchanges already agreed upon between them, Of other Parts of their Properties in the said Parish, near or adjoining to the said Fields: And therefore prdying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir John Palmer and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Keyham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are intlofuic. thereunto subscribed; Proprietors of a very considerable Part of the Open Fields and Commonable Places of -ham, in the Parish of Rothlcy, and County of,

on Behalf of themselves and all others interested therein-, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields and ComnVorlable Places, if the same were divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof allotted, according to each Person’s Interest therein, to be held in Severalty: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Palmer and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

Staffordshire', A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the 5cc Staffordshire and Worcejle Canal Navigation, was

Canal. presented to Ihe House, and read; Reciting Part of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Town of

mingham.,in the County of Warwick, to or near Smethwick, Oldbury, Tipton Green, and in

the Counties of Warwick and Stafford; and from or near the said Town of Bilstone, to or near otherwise Alderf.ey, in the Parish of near

Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford, there to communicate with the Canal then making, or intended to be made, between the Rivers and;

and Setting forth, That the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation have, Twelve Months ago, fimlhed and continued the said Navigation to such Part of the said Town of Birmingham, near a Field mem

o

tioned in the said Act, called and have;

as the Petitioners are informed, declined to proceed further; but have there made Wharfs, Weigh Machines, and other Conveniencies for Trade and Bu* finef.; and that the said Town of Birmingham now is, and during the Time aforesaid hath been, supplied with Coals from such Canal and Wharfs; notwithstanding which, they have neglected to make, carry on, and complete, their laid Navigation, to communicate with the other Canal between the Rivers Trent and Severn, as directed by the said Act, although frequent Applications have been made to their Committee of Proprietors, by the Petitioners, for that Purpose; in consequence of which Delay or Neglect, on the Part of the Proprietors of Vol. 33.

the said Birmingham Canal, the Price of Coals is reduced near One Half at the said Town of Birmingham, and is greatly advanced in other Parts, to the great Detriment of the Trade of such Parts, and of the Country in general and thereby, that is made a private and local Advahtage to the said Town of Birmingham only, which was originally intended by the said recited Act as a public Benefit} and that the Petitioners are adviled, that it is at lead dubious, whether the'Petitioners are, by the said recited Act, veiled with sufficient Powers to purchase Lands, to make, carry on, and complete, the Navigation thereby authorized to be made, so as to cause the feme to communicate with the said Canal, between the Rivers Trent and Severn, in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation are enabled and impowered; and that the Petitioners are not; by the said recited Act, enabled to raise any Monies for the making and carrying on such Part of the said Canal as aforesaid, previous to their expending and laying out the feme; but Provision is thereby only made for reimbursing the Petitioners all such Costs and Charges as they shall have been at; or shall have expended, in making, carrying on, and completing, the fame, to be settled and allowed as is therein mentioned, and to be repaid to the Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation: And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill more fully to enable the Petitioners to contract for and purchase Land; for the making and completing such Part of the said Navigable Canal as aforesaid; and also to enable the Petitioners to raise such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the making, carrying < ri, and completing, such Part of the feme Navigable Canal, previous to the expending and laying out the feme, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet; and moreover, to amend and enlarge the Powers given to the Petitioners, in the Premises; in and by the said recited Act, in such other Instances as to the House shall seem requisite and convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Clarke,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- stone. 4c. holders, of the County of Stafford, whose Names are Roads, subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set* ting forth. That the Road leading from Stone, in the said County, to the Road between Newcastle and Ut-toxeter, at Lane End, and to the Road between Leeke and Satidou, on Meir Heath; and also the Road from Stone,

to the Road between Chead/e and Sandon, at or near Draycot-, and also the Road from the said Road, between Newcastleand Uttoxeter, at Meir, to the Road

in Trentham, are in many Places very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening; and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee i And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wrottesley, Sir William Bagot, tec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

E e A Petition

106 310 Januar17 71 *

Liverpool A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Pretton act<^ Inhabitants, of the several Towns of Liverpool, Road. Ormskirk, Prefon, and of the Country lying between

or adjacent thereto, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Public Highway, or Road, from Liverpool, through the Townships of Walton,

ton, Aintree, Netherton, Maghuil, Lydiat,

Ormskirk, Burscough, Brotherton,

Hoot, Longton, Hutton, Penwort/iam, to the said Town of Prejion, being the great Northern Road from Liverpool, to the Northern Parts of the Kingdom,'is, from the Narrowness thereof in many Places, the Nature of the Soil, and the many Carriages of Burthen patting thereon, become very deep and ruinous, and almost impafiable; and, if effectually amended, would be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Highway or Road, and to grant them such proper Powers and Relief in the Premises, under such Reductions, as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Sir William Meredith, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Liverpool A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the 26th Year of his late Majesty King George ^Road*6 ^e Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to , and other Roads there-

in mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and also for repairing the Road from Prescott, through Whif-ton, Rainhill', Bold, and Sankey, to the Town of Warrington, as also the Road from Saint Helen's Chapel to in the said County Palatine, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Repair of the said Roads, and made great Progress therein; for which Purpose, they have been obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, which hath, together with the Tolls thereby granted, been duly applied; but it will be impossible effectually to maintain and repair the said Roads, and to repay the Money now due, during the subsisting Term of the said Acts; and that the Powers granted by the said Acts are in several' respects defective, and the Appropriation of specific Annual Sums for repairing particular Parts of the said Roads has been found detrimental to the Execution of the Trusts reposed in the Petitioners; which would be bettei executed, if the Tolls were reduced into One Fund, applicable to the Repair of all Parts of the said Roads; and that, if the Road leading from the Turnpike Causeway at Blacklow Brow, East-ward, through the Village of Huyton, to the Sign of the Blue Bell, to join the Turnpike Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, was to lie amended and kept in Repair, it would be of public Use, in opening a better Communication between the said Two Turnpike causewavs; and that, there being now only One principal Entrance into the Town of Liverpool, from the said Turnpike Roads, which is to the Northward of the said Town; and the Buildings of the said Town being of late Years much extended to the Southward, if the Lane or Road commonly called Lime Kiln Lane, leading from thp said Turnpike Causeway, at or opposite the East Wing of the Seamens Hospital in the said Town of Liverpool, to a House called Ranelagh in Ranelagh

Street, in the said Town, was likewise to be amended and kept in Repair, it would make the Entrance into the said Town more easy and commodious, and be a general Convenience to the Inhabitants, and of Advantage to Trade in general; and that, if the Owners or Lessees of Collieries or Coalworks adjacent to tliele Roads, and from whence through these Roads the Country and Neighbouring Towns are supplied with Coal and Fuel, were properly regulated, many Frauds and Abuses, now practised on the Buyers and Consumers of Coal, by the Colliers, Bankfmen, and Carters, would be prevented: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Three Acts, and to reduce the same into One Act of Parliament, and for uniting the Tolls to be taken on all the said Roads into One common Fund, applicable to the Repair of all the said Roads in general, and also therein to grant such Powers and Provisions to prevent the said Frauds and Abuses, under such Restrictions as to the House shall fcem requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Colonel Bnr-goyne, &c.: And they are to meet To-morro.v Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Birmingham put in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, to passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George F^’g^ill the First, and in the 18th and 31 ft Years of King George Road* the Second, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Wannington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to in the County of Wanvick, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in amending that Branch of the Road which leads from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to

Edgehill; but that the same cannot be completed, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some further and other Power given; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts* in such Manner as to the House shall leem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl of Catherlough, Lord Beauchamp, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Peniston Lord Boothby Melbourne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Graffoe Manor of Boothby Graffoe, in the County of Lincoln, the Inclosure* Reverend Robert Burne, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and ‘

Parish Church of Boothby Graffoe aforesaid, and John Marfieet, Gentleman, Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields,

Meadow?, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boothby Graffoe aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement $ and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the fame, together with the said Heath and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed:

A.nd therefore praying. That Leave may be given to

11 Geo. III. %i° Janilariu 107

bring in a Bill For dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor and Parish, in Fuch Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Staffordshire, A Petition of the Bailiff, justice, Aldertnen, and vc. Canal: — Burgesses, of the Borough of in the

*V"o« fr.om County of Worcester,' in Common Council assembled,

' fter."11"' ar>d all’o of the principal Tradesmen and Manufacturers of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is intended to be made to the House* by the Proprietors of the and WoreefterJhfre

Canal Navigation, for enforcing a Junction of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Aulherley, in the said County of Stafford* and that the Petitioners are convinced, that the effecting of the said junction will be of great Utility to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the making and completing of such Junction as abovesaid; and that such Encouragement may be given thereto as to the House shall seem meet.

Land Owners A Petition of Proprietors of Land, and of Coal Mines,

D5ar near or adjoining to the Birmingham Canal, of Navi-' Canal.am ©ators an<* Dea^ers *n Coal, and of others who are interested in the proper Conduct of the said Canal* was also presented to the House, and read* Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, the said Company have done many Acts contrary to the Intention of Parliament and the public Good, yet in such Manner as to render Proceedings for Redress before the Courts of Law precarious and uncertain* and that the said Company are enabled to exercise Partiality ro Proprietors of Land and of Coal in many important Instances, and to form a dangerous Monopoly* and that they are endeavouring to become Proprietors of the Banks and Wharfs, in Oppoli-tion to the Proprietors of Land, and have prevented an extensive Coal Mine having Access to the Canal, because the Proprietors would not fell the Mine to them: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Powers, that may effectually prevent the Birmingham Canal Company exercising Partiality, to the great Injury of the Proprietors of Land and of Coal Mines, and also their forming' dangerous Monopolies, by their being at the same Time Proprietors of the Canal, and Locks, of the Wharfs and Banks, and Navigators and Dealers in Coal, and Proprietors of Coal Mines* or grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Stafford. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford: And also,

Worcester. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council Men, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the City of Worcester, whose Names are subscribed *

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is intended to be made to the House, by the Proprietors of the

Staffordshire and Canal Naviga-

tion, for enforcing a Junction of the Birmingham Canal Navigation with the Staffordjf/ire and Worcefiashire Canal, at or near Autherley, in the said County of Stafford-, and that the Petitioners are convinced, that the effecting of the said Junction will be of great Utility to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the making and completing of such Junction as above-Vol. 33.

said, and that such Encouragement rtiay be given thereto, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation is referred;

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Birmingham ExecutionTwo Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth R *nfd Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the R^di!0* Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Acts relate to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to the Town of in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and

read* Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made a great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; but find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed be repaid# unless the Term granted by the said lait-mentioned Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, varied, and enlarged* and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Purposes of the said Acts would be more effectually answered, if Part of the Road leading from Birmingham, across Bourn Brook, to Bromsgrove, was discontinued, and a new Road made from the Town of Birmingham, over and through certain Grounds in the several Parishes of Birmingham and in the said

County of Warwick, to Bourn Brook aforesaid, and to cn- . large the Tolls directed to be collected by the said first -mentioned Act: And therefore praying* That Leave tnay be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thefeof and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is refetred to Mr. Ward, Mr. D'owdefivell,

&c.: And they ate to meet Tp-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, In the Speaker’s Chamber* and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- Birroingl>?rrf cution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth through Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Wedm-fbury Twenty-first Ye^t of the Reign of his late Majesty, for oa s-repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called 'High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Town-lliip of Bilson, and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to King-Swinford, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due; and that the Tolls being fixed at very low Rates, the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the said Tolls are increased, the Term granted by the several Acts further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, varied, and enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ward, Mr. ’,

io8 31° Januarii. 1771>.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Nannton A Petition of William , Esquire, the Reverend

Inctosure* Richard Chambers, Clerk, John , Gentleman, and

nc we. peveraj other Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in Na unton Beauchamp in the County of

tester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds lie open, common, and intermixed, and are inconveniently situated; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and separate Allotments thereof made to the Owners and other Persons interested, according to their respective Shares and Interests, it would tend to the Improvement of their several Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, far dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and for allotting the same amongst the Petitioners, and all others interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interests in the fame, under such Regulations as to the House shall appear necessary or expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ward and Mr. Dowdejwell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Witney, &c. A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Inclciure. Cur bridge, Bampton, and Clanfield, in the County of Oxford, and of several other Persons travelling the Road thereinafter mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, at the Bottom of Gaily Hill, near the Town of Witney, through Ctirbridge, Lew, and Bampton, to the Cross in Clanfield, is in general in a very bad Condition, and in some Parts thereof very founderous, deep, narrow, and incommodious; and that it would be more commodious, and much less expensive, if the said Road was to lead from the Bottom of Galley near Witney, ito and through Ctirbridge, and over Curbridge Heath, and Lew Heath, along a Lane called Quy Lane, and through Bampton, to the Cross in Clanfield aforesaid, instead of the Track and Direction it now takes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meef.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Wenman, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stretton A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord tnclolure. Paget, Baron of Beaudefe Lord of the Manor of Burton upon 'Trent, with its Members, in the County of Stafford, and I mpropriator of all the Great and Small Tithes arising within the Parish of Burton upon Trent aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Freeholders or Persons seised of Freehold Estates, lying within the Hamlets of Stretton, Ho Bond End, and -

ston, Parcel of and within the said Manor and Parish of Burton upon Trent aforesaid, and others, Proprietors of, or Persons entitled to Common Right in the Common or Waste Lands lying in the said Hamlets, whose Names

# are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Hamlets, several Parts of Open Unindofed Fields,

Common Meadows, and certain Commons or Waste Lands, which would be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of the several Persons interested, if the same were inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to . each Proprietor therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Bagot, Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. and Mr.

Curzon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Stape h-li

Paget, Baron of Beaudefert, Lord of the Manor of8,1:1 Burton upon Trent, with its Members, in the County of Inc'ofure. Stafford, and Impropriator of all the Great and Small Tithes arising within the Parish 6f Burton upon Trent aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Freeholders, or Persons seised of Freehold Estates, lying within the Hamlets of Stapenhilland Winjhill, in the County of Derby, and other Proprietors of, or Persons entitled to.

Common Right in the Common or Waste Grounds,

Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, lying in Stapenhilland Winjhill aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Hamlets, several Parts of Unindofed Fields, and several Pieces or Parcels of Common or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds; and that Part of the Hamlet of Stapenhill is within the Manor and Parish of Burton upon Trent, and the other Part within the Parish of Stapenhill-, and that the Whole of the said Hamlet of Winjhill is within the said Manor and Parish of Burton upon Trent; that it would be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Common, or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures; and Commonable Grounds, if the same were inclosed; and specific Parts allotted, according to each Person’s Property therein; and that the said Lord Paget is Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Stapenhill aforesaid, and the Reverend Owen Lloyd, Clerk, is the Vicar of the said Vicarage, and, as such, is entitled to certain Vicarial Tithes arising within the said Parish of Stapenhill, and to Common Right upon such of the said Commons or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, as lie within the Hamlet of Stapenhill; and that the Petitioners are desirous that

the said Unindofed Fields, Commons, or Waste Lands,

Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Ground-, may be inclosed and divided; and that a Part thereof may be set apart for such Vicar, in Lieu of, and as a Satisfaction and Compepfation for, such Tithes and Common Right, and appropriated to such Vicarage for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Bagot, Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Ward, and Mr.

Curzon, do prepare, anti bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord rKorningW. Paget, Baron Paget of Beaudefert, and of Burton, in the IlK'ot"re-County of Stafford, Lord of the Manor and Soil, within the Township or Hamlet of Horninglow, in the Parish of Burton aforesaid, in the said County of Stafford, and Impropriator of the Tithes within the same Township or Hamlet, and the humble Petition of the several Freeholders and Copyholders within the said Township or Hamlet of Horninglow, and within the Townships or Hamlets of Rollstone and Anfloxv, in the Parish of Rollstone, in the said County of Stafford, who have Right

of

i i Geo. III»

31° Januarii. ioo

of Commort Upon the Common and Waste Ground within the Townlliip or Hamlet of Homingl'ow aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves and others interested in the said Common and Waste Ground, was presented to the House, and'read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Township or Hamlet, a very large and extensive Tract of Open Common and Waste Ground, containing 57o Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present State, is of little Service to the Persons interested therein; and that, if the same was divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested, a-very con-.siderable Benefit would arise therefrom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Common and Waste Ground, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such. Restrictions, and in such Manner and' Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Bagot, Sir John Mr. and Mr.

Curzon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Chrfler and A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Pee. Merchants, Traders, and others, being Inhabitants of Navigation. the county and City of Chi whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Port of Chester is an ancient Sea Port, and the Navigation of the River Dee, from the City of Chester to the Sea, hath been improved, at a very great Expence, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament; but, for want of an Inland Conveyance by Water, to and from the said City, the Inhabitants thereof, and of the interior Parts of the Country, cannot fully enjoy the Advantages of the said Navigation and Sea Port; and that it appears, by Surveys and Levels lately taken, that a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be made, from the River Dee, to or near

-iwich, and there to communicate with the Navigable Canal authorised to be made between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, whereby the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to and from the said Port of and the several Trading Towns and Places adjoining or lying near both the said Canals, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered less expensive, and will be of great Advantage, not only to the Trade carried on in the said City of Chester, but also to the several Towns or Places through or near which, the said Canals are intended to be made, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River within the Liberties of the said City of Chester, to or near Middlewich aforesaid, and there to communicate with the said intended Canal, between the Rivers Trent and the in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crofvenor, Lord Strange, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow^Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Manchester A Petition of several of the Trustees named and ap-

Aoderland* P°'ntcc* ant* by the Acts of Parliament hereafter Xoad mentioned, was presented to the House, and rpad; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Town of Man-Vol. 33.

(hester, leading through Newton, and

ham, in the County Palatine of to

lands, in the Parish of Saddlevworth, in the County of York, several Tolls and Duties were granted, and Powers given, for repairing the said Roads; which Ad was, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, further continued, from the Expiration of the Term by the said former Adf granted; and divers other Powers and Authorities were given to the Trustees therein named, for repairing the said Roads, and putting the said Acts in Execution; and that the said Trustees have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, anti applied the fame, together with the Tolls, in and towards repairing the said Roads, and for such other Uses and Purposes as are thereby directed; and great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads; -but the fartle cannot be effectually repaired and kept amend*-ed, and the Money so borrowed repaid, unless the.

Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are continued and enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual; and that a Part of the public Highway in Manchester aforesaid, called Newton Lane, leading from the End of the said Turnpike Road, at a Place in Newton, called Miles Platting, to the Guide or Finger Poll: erected at the Westerly End of the said Lane, is in a very ruinous Condition, and incommodious and dangerous; and that the making and repairing the said public Highway, and extending the said Turnpike Road mentioned in the said Acts, through the fame, will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said several Acts, and making the same more effectual; and also for extending the said Turnpike Road therein mentioned through Newton Lane aforesaid, and repairing and amending the same, from Miles Platting aforesaid, unto the said Guide or Finger Post, at the Westerly End thereof, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Hoghton, Lord Strange,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Farringdon of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, and of the *'®

Towns of Clanfield, Bourton, and Burford, in the County R0ads, of Oxford, and of several other Persons travelling the Road herein after mentioned, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Market House in the Town of Great Farringdon through Clan-field and Bourton, to Burford, is in general in a very ruinous Condition, and in some Parts thereof narrow and incommodious, and in others dangerous to Paf-lengers, particularly that Part which lies between Pid-nill Bridge and Clanfield, which is frequently overflowed with Water; and the Petitioners apprehend, that it will be of great Convenience to the Public, if the same was turned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vunfit tart, Mr. Dodd,

Ff &c.:

Hampstead

Norrcyi

Incluforc.

Reading,

&rm

Roads.

no 31 0 Januar 1771.

&c.t And they ate to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the honourable Peregrine Botie, Lord of the Manor of Hampstead in the County of

Berks, and others. Landholders in the said Manor and Parish of Hampstead Norreys, on Behalf of themselves

and all others interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, belonging. to the Petitioners and others, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are not capable of being improved; but that, if the same wer* divided and inclosed, it would be a great Benefit to the Petitioners, and the other Owners thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Vaufittart, the Lord H enman, and Admiral do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vanfiitart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Three Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, and the First and Twentieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between The Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and for amending other Roads therein mentioned; and also of several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, usually travelling the Highway between Reading and Newbury, in the County of , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Acts were read; and, Mr. Richard Simeon, being examined, said. That the-Sum of £. 1,350 is owing on the Credit of the said Acts; which cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in.Repair, unless the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereby granted enlarged.

Mr. James Head, being examined, laid. That the Rood between the End of the House in Speenhamland, in the Possession of Edward Sheppard, and the West End of the Highway, directed by the said Acts to be repaired, in Speenhamland, is ruinous and narrow, and -cannot be effectually widened and repaired without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. John Adcofk, being examined, laid. That the Road from Bostock Lane to Pangborne, is ruinous, and in several Parts narrow, arid cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being; that if the said Road was turned, in the Manner mentioned in the Petition, it would be more commodious for the Public; and the greatest Part of the Land over which the said Road is intended to be carried, is the Property of Pawlett Hrright, Esquire, who is willing to give his Land for that Purpose, provided the Highway leading out of

Englefield Street, to a Gate leading into the Common Fields, shall be (hut up and vested in him; and he added. That, when the former Road shall be turned in the Manner proposed, the latter will become useless to the Public.

Mr. Simeon and Mr. Head, being again examined, said. That many Parts of the said Highways, which lead through Towns and Villages, are narrow, whereby

Accidents frequently happen in the Night-time, which would, in a great Measure, be prevented, in case the same were properly lighted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effect.ual several Acts, for repairing the Highways between The Bear Inn, in and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Highway between a House in Speenhamland, in the Occupation of Edward Sheppard, and the West End of the Highway by the said Acts directed to be repaired; and also the Highway from Bofion Lane to Pangborne, in the said County:

And that Mr. V^nfittart, Admiral Craven, Mr. Dodd, and Mr. dongreve, do prepare, and bring in, the'

lame.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Wantage, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other &c.

substantial Inhabitants, in the County of Berks, was Ro*dl* -referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Price,

Esquire, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from Beffelfleigh, in the County of Berks, to and through

Wantage, in the same County, and from Wantage to Hungerford, and from Wantage aforesaid to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambom, in the said County of Berks, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious; that if the said Roads were repaired and widened, it would be of great Utility, by opening a Communication between the said County of Berks, and the Western and Southern Parts of the said County of Wilts; but that the feme cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Bejfeyieigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the old Red

House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lam-born, in the said County of Berks: And that Mr. Vansittart and Admiral Craven do prepare, and bring in, ibe feme.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Downton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ-the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Richard Croftes, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Shelton, holders, of the County of Stafford, whole Names are &c* subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road in Shelton, in the County of Stafford, through Buckna/l, and by Ash and Cellar Head, to the Turnpike between Cheadle and at Blakely Lane

Head, and firom Bucknall aforesaid, to the Road between Leek and Sandon, at Wefion Coyney, and from the said Road between Cheadle and Leek, on Mcor,

through Kingsiey, to the Road at or near the Po/l,

above Froghall Bridge, and from the said Road, on the East Side of Froghall Bridge, to the Road between Thorpe and Blithe Marsh, at or near Gate, in.

the

11 Geo. III. 31 °Januarii. m

the said County, are, in many Places, very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, the isud Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- -pear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow' Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sheriff H»le* A Petition of the Right honourable Granville Inclosure. Earl Gower, and the humble Petition of Sir Henry Bridge-man, Baronet, and the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Proprietors of Estates, within the Manor of Sheriff Hales, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor, is a Piece of Waste Ground, called Sheriff Hales Common, containing upwards of 600 Acres, which, in its present Situation, is incapable of Improvement; but, if inclosed, and divided into specilic Allotments, great Advantage would accrue to the Parties interested therein, and to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to inclose and divide the said Common, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the raid Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir John Wr do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

London The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Com-Vaolti, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alder-^Sewer* men> ant* Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts of Parliament of the 22d and 23d Years of King Charles the Second, the Second Year of King William and Queen Mary, the Seventh of Queen Anne, and the Tenth of King George the Second, were read; whereby divers Powers are granted to the Petitioners, to appoint Commissioners for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City and the Liberties thereof.

Another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the said City and Liberties, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, was also read; whereby the foie Power and Authority of paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, within the said City and Liberties, are vested in the Petitioners, to be executed by such Persons as (by virtue of the said Act of the Z2d and 23d of King Charles the Second) were, or thereafter from Time to Time should be, authorized or appointed by the Petitioners, to be Commissioners of the Sewers for the said City and Liberties, or by any Seven or more of them.

Mr. George Wyatt, Surveyor to the said Commissioners, being examined, said, That, notwithstanding the Powers relative to the Sewers and Pavements are vested in the same Persons, yet they are exercised separately under different Authorities, by which Means the Commissioners are disabled from Arrying the good Purposes, intended by the said Acts, so conveniently into Execution as they would be, if the said Powers were consolidated; which would prevent many Difficulties and Delays which

Vol. 33.

now frequently happen in the Execution of the said Acts.

That several Streets and Places within the said City and Liberties are frequently annoyed, and the Buildings much injured, for want of sufficient Drains and Sewers.

That many of the Streets have no Sewers at all; and in such Streets the Inhabitants are obliged to have their Kitchens above Ground, or to make Cess Pools, which are a great Nuisance.

That the whole Expence of making, altering, repairing, and cleansing, the said Sewers and Drains, is at present paid by an Assessment upon the Inhabitants, which' is not only contrary to the Practice in the City of

mirfler, but a manifest Injustice; as a Person may be put to the Expence of removing Filth, which other Persons have suffered to accumulate for a great Number of.

Years. , '

That he is of Opinion (as the Annuitants die off) the present Fund for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City, will be sufficient, by Degrees, to answer the Expence of making new Sewers where wanting, and of enlarging the old ones where necessary; which Expence, he thinks, would be chearfully submitted toby the Inhabitants, if the Expence of altering, repairing, and cleansing them, were to be defrayed by the Proprietors of Houses and Lands; and that he is of Opinion, that an Assessment. upon the Landlords for this Purpose would not amount to more than Four Pence in the Pound once in Five Years.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutionsf Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petititioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts,

Alleys, Passages, and Places,'and preventing and removing Obstructions, and Annoyances, within the same.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a-Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the'Vaults,

Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys,

'Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstrudions and Annoyances within the same: And that the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Trecothick, and Mr. Alderman Oliver, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open AyWbory and Common Fields, within the Township and Liber- Inclafurt* ties of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, within the Township and Liberties of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Longford, Clerk, one of the oa

Patrons, and Rector of the Parish of Stretton on the , |nt) ofMr,f

in

A

Alveftqn

Inclosuxc.

Stretton under Fofs Inclosure.

Ill 31 Januarii. A. ill i.

in the County of Warwick, and, as Rector, seised of, and entitled to, all the Great Tithes of Corn and Hay, anting out of all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish, and also entitled to certain Vicarial and Small Tithes arising and payable within the said Parish, and is also entitled to certain Glebe Lands annexed to the said Rectory; and the said William and John

Wheatcroft, Edward Gibbs, Richard John Grimes,

and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, are also Owners of, and interested in, divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish of Strctton on the Fofs; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, called Stretton Field, computed to consist of 45 Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Common Field and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed, uninclosed, and dispersed in linall Parcels, and are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted unto, and amongst the Petitioners and others interested therein, in proportion to their respective Shares and Rights, it would be for the mutual Benefit and Advantage of all the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Mr. West do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the Parish of Alveston, in the County of War* wick, whole Names are thereuntp subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the said Parish, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, it would be a great Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Mr. West do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Commons, in the Open and [Common Fields of Stretton under Fofs, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of several Estates, in the said Open and Common Fields, which lie dispersed in small. Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniencies arise to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands; and that the same are very fit and proper to be inclosed, and would thereby be of much greater Profit and Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the same Open and Common Field of Stretton under Fofs aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the fame, and for ascertaining and allotting to the several Parties entitled to Tithes arising within the old Inclosures of Stretton aforesaid, belonging to the said Owners and Proprietors, a just and reasonable Proportion of Land, in the said Open and Common Fields, in lieu of such Tithes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Sir John Palmer do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

6

A Petition of the Right honourable Earl

Ferrers, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, by Indenture, bearing Date the 24th oi October 1741, and Fines and Recoveries duly levied and suffered in pursuance thereof, several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, and Stafford, the ancient Inheritance of the Petitioner’s Family, were settled and assured to several Uses, whereby the Petitioner (subject to the Payment of several Sums of Money, and to a Rent Charge in Nature of a Jointure to the honourable Atut Widow, the Petitioner’s Mother; and to another Rent Charge also in Nature of a Jointure to the Right honourable Mary Countess Dowager Ferrers, now Wife of Lord Frederick Campbell) is become entitled, in Possession, to the said Premises for his Life, with several Remainders over; and as to the Reversion in Fee of the said Manors and Hereditaments, in the County of Stafford, the same was limited, by the said Settlement, to Lawrence Shirley, the Petitioner’s Father; and as to a Moiety of the Manors and Hereditaments, in the Counties of -cester, Derby, and Nottingham, the same were limited, after the precedent Limitations, to the Use of the honourable Lady Ann Compton, deceased, for her Life, and, after her Decease, to the Use of her First and other Sons successively, in Tail Mail, Remainder to the honourable Lady Charlotte Compton, deceased, for Life, and, after her Decease, to the Use of her First and other -Sons fuc-celfively, in Tail Male, with Reversion in Fee to the Petitioner’s said Father; and as to the other Moiety of the said Manors and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Nottingham, to the Use of the said Lady Charlotte Compton, for her Life, and, after her Decease, to the Use of her First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male, Remainder to the said Lady Ann Compton for her Life, and, after her Decease, to the Use of her First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male, with Reversion in Fee of the last mentioned Moiety to the Petitioner’s said Father; and that the said ultimate Reversion in Fee, upon the Death of the Petitioner’s said Father, defeended to, and devolved upon, his eldest Son and Heir, Lawrence Shirley, afterwards Earl Ferrers, since deceased, by Descent; and the same Reversion afterwards escheated to the Crown, upon his Attainder for Murder; and that His Majesty was most graciously pleased, upon the Petitioner’s Request and Petition, by His Royal Letters Patent, dated the 6th of December, in the Third Year of his Reign, after reciting therein an Inquisition taken at Towcester, in the County of Northampton, on the 19th of October, in the First Year of His Reign, to give and grant unto the Petitioner several Manors and Hereditaments therein particularly mentioned, in the said County of Northampton, and all and every other the Premises, mentioned, comprehended, or found, in and by the said Inquisition, and every Part thereof, with their Appurtenances, and all and singular other the Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and other Real Estate whatsoever, of what Nature or Kind soever, as well in Possession, as in Reversion or Remainder, which did any way belong or appertain to the said Lawrence Earl Ferrers, at the Time, or before, he committed, or was attainted for, the Murder therein mentioned, or to any others in Trust for him or to his Use, and which were forfeited or accrued, or which ought to accrue or come, to His Majesty, by reafop of the said Attainder, with all the Appurtenances, Rights, and Franchises, thereto belonging, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders thereof, and all His Majesty’s Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Profit, Property,

Claim,

Earl Ferrers’ Estates.

11 Geo. III. 3i ° Januarii. ri 3

Claimant! Demand whatsoever, either in Law or Equity, or otherwise howsoever, of and in and unto the fame, and every Part and Parcel thereof; to hold the same unto and to the Use of the Petitioner, His Heirs and Assigns, for ever; and that, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for vesting in Trustees the settled Estates of Earl Ferrers,

in the County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the lame, and the rest of his settled Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it was Enacted; That the said Manors and Hereditaments, in the' said County of Derby, in and by the said Indenture of Settlement limited and allured as aforesaid; together with all and Angular Messuages, Outhouses. and Appurtenances, thereunto belonging, and the Reversion and Rever-fions. Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits, of all and singular the said Premises, should, from and after the 24th Day of June 1766, be veiled in, and lettled upon, George Wright, of Gayhurst, in the County of Buckingham, Esquire, and Thomas Cotes, of Woodcoiti in the County of Salop, Esquire, since dtcealed, and their Heirs, to the Use of them and their Heirs, freed and difclurged from all the Uses and Estates created or declared of or concerning the said Premises, by the said Indenture of Settlement; but nevertheless, upon the Trulls, and for the Ends and Purpotcs, therein after expressed and declared; that is to lay, in Trull, to sell and dispose of the lame, with the Consent of the Petitioner, for the mofl Money that could be got for the lame, and to apply the Money in Manner therein mentioned; and that; by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectually carrying into Execution the said Act of the 6th Year of His present Majesty, it was Enacted, That the Manors and Hereditaments, in the said County of which

in and by the said former Act were vested in the said Thomas Cotes, and George , should, from

and after the 31st Day of March 1768, be settled upon, and veiled in, the said George Wright, and John Tan-(oh. Gentleman, of Westminster, and their Heirs; and that, in pursuance of the said several recited Acts, the said George Wright, and John Fan Jon, did, with the Consent, Direction, and Approbation, of the Petitioner, enter into Contracts with divers Persons, for the Sale of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of several of the said Estates, in the County of Derby, thereby vested in them; and the said Purchasers are willing to perforin their several Contracts; and that, although the Petitioner, and the said George Wright and Jon did apprehend they were sufficiently authorized, under the said Acts and the said Letters Patent, to make Sale of the absolute Fee Simple and Inheritance of all the said Premises; yet, upon looking into the said Title, a Doubt did arise, whether the Persons, who have so as aforesaid contracted for the Purchase of the said Premises, could have a good Title to the Fee and Inheritance thereof, freed and discharged from the Title of the Crown in and to the said ultimate Reversion, in respect that no Office or Inquisition had been taken, under which, or whereby, the said Reversion, Fee Simple, and Inheritance, had been found to have come to, or devolved upon, the Crown, by the said Attainder, in the said several Counties where the said Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, were situated; and therefore it became a Question, whether the said Grant, so made by His Majesty’s said Letters Patent, was of such Validity and Effect, as to convey and transfer unto the Petitioner the same Lands and Hereditaments, and the Reversion thereof, so as to veil the fapie Reversion in the Petitioner and his said Trustees in as effectual a Manner as if such Office or inquest had been found; and that, in and by the said first Vox,. 33.

mentioned A£c, it was proposed, by all thtf Parties who petitioned for the fame, or confeoted thereto, that the said Premises in the said County of Derby, should be vested in the said Trustees, in order for the Sale thereof, freed and discharged from all the Jointures which were then subsisting thereon; and the said several Jointreffes were consenting thereto; but a further Doubt did afterwards arise, how far the due Payment of the Whole of the said Rent Charges; settled on the said Jointreffes for their Jointures, were effectually secured out of the Residue of the Lands not proposed to be sold, which were made subject thereto; and that the Petitioner has made a Repre-fentation to His Majesty, touching the several before* mentioned Circumstances of the Petitioner’s Cafe,' and the Doubt that has arisen touching the Invalidity of His Majesty’s said Royal Grant: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill,- not only for the more effectually veiling the several Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of Derby in the said Trustees, so appointed for the Sale thereof, freed and discharged from all Right and Title of His Majesty, H is Heirs and Successors, in and to the Reversion, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof; but also for the more effectually vesting in the Petitioner, and his Heirs, the said ultimate Reversion, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance; of and in the said Manors and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Leicejer, and;

not proposed to be sold, and for the securing the due Payment of the Whole of the beforementioned Jointures upon the said last mentioned Premises; and also for confirming the said Grant.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mri Fitzherbert and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the honourable and Reverend John Tracy, Warden, and the College of The Souls of all faithful People deceased, of Oxford, Lords of the Manor of Wedon and Weston, otherwise We don Pinkney, otherwise

Lays Wedon, in the County of Northampton, and of the Provost and Scholars of the King’s College of The Blessed Virgin Mary and Saint Nicholas of Cambridge, Parrons of the Parish Church there, and of the Releales (in Trull) of the Rectory or Parsonage Appropriate of Wedon and Weston, otherwise Wedon Pinkney, otherwise Lays Wedon, aforesaid, and of the Reverend James , Clerk, Vicar Incumbent of the said Church, arid of Edward Sawbridge, Esquire, Richard Jennens, Esquire, and several others, Owners of Lands, Tithes, Commons, and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields, within the Manor, Parish, and Predindts of Wedon and Weston, otherwise Wedon Pinkney, otherwise Lays Wedon, aforesaid, whose Common Seals and Names are thereunto respectively affixed and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said Manor, Precincts, or Parish, Three Open Fields, commonly called The North Field, The South Field, and The East Field, and a considerable Trad of Common Ground, called The Wild, over which Fields and Wild the Petitioners and others have Right of Common, and in which Fields several of the Petitioners Lands lie intermixed; and they are desirous that the said Fields and Wild may be divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made, according to their several Properties, Right of Common, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor, Pre-cindls, or Parish, of Wedon and Weston, otherwise Wedon Pinkney, otherwise Leys Wedon, aforesaid, or to grant

G g to

Wedon

inclosure.

114 *' 31° Januarn, . 1771.

to the said Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of, the laid Petition: And that Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Page, Sir William Mr. Tozvnjhend, and Mr, Alexander do prepart,

and bring in, the fame.

Rennet’s Sir Charles Whitvlorth pteferited to the House, accord-Nat, ing to Order, a Bill'for naturalizing Henry Renner: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Knarefbo-. Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to

.whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing . the Road from Knaresboroughin the County of York, by Lang Flatt Lane, Gouldjhrough Fields, Flaxby, Alter* ton, Mauleverer, and State to

in the said County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the said County, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him tp report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, James Collins, being examined, said. That the Sum of £. 1,800 has been borrowed, and still remains due, the Interest whereof has been regularly paid, and the Road in Part repaired; but cannot be completed, and the Money borrowed repaid, and the Road kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term granted by the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldjhrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Mauleverer, and State Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road: And that Mr. Daniel Laftelles, Mr. Laf-celles, and Mr. Cholmley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tardebigg A Petition of the Right honourable Other Lewis Earl Indoforc. of Plymouth, Lord of the Manor of Tardebigg, in the

several Counties of Worcester and and Im-

propriator, as well of the Great Tithes of the Liberty of Redditch, Webb Heath, and Cur Lane, within the said Manor and Parish of Tardebigg, in the said County of Worcester, as of the rest of the said Parish, and Owner and Proprietor of Lands and Tenements within the said Liberties, or feme or one of them, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Richard Bradshaw, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish of Tardebigg, and of George Boulton, James Moore, William William

Lucas, William Smith, John and George Smith,

and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Liberties of Redditch, Webb Heath, and Cur Lane, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Liberties; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the 5th and 6th Days of March, 1705, the Release being Quadripartite, and made between the Right honourable Other then Earl of Plymouth, since deceased, Lord of the said

Manor of Tardebigg, of the First Part; George Boultoh, and several other Persons therein named. Copyholders of the said Manor, for Lands lying in the said County of Worcester, and Nathanael Mugg, of the Second Part: Count Dowes, Christopher Smith, John Sheward, Richard Moore, William Cooks, James Moore, and John CreJJ'er, of the Third Part; and William Mocne, and Edward Willes, the Elder, of the Fourth Part; Reciting, That the said Other, then Earl of Plymouth, was feiltfd, in his Demesne, as of Fee Simple, of, and in certain great Woods, called by the several Names of Tile House Coppice, Tippings. Coppice, Pitcher Oak Coppice, Foxli-deat Coppice, and Batchley Coppice, and also of certain Great Wastes* called Redditch Commbn arid Webb Heath, which Woods and Wastes are lying in the said County of Woi-ctjler, , and are Parcel of the said Manor; in all which said Woods and Wastes (except the said Wood called Batchley Chppice) the said George Boulton, and the other Persons therein mentioned of the Second Part, in Right of their respective Estates there, were respectively entitled to have Common of Pasture for all Commonable Cattle, levant and couchant, upon their respective Tenements, as thereunto belonging; that is to say, in the said Wastes; at all Times in the Year; and in thri said Woods (except the said Wood called Batchley Coppice) at all such Times as the same after the Falling thereof were not to be kept fenced and inclosed; ana reciting, that the constant inclosing of the said Woods and Wastes, and the Using of them in the Manner thereinafter mentioned, would tend more to common and public Good, and also to the Benefit and Advantage of the said Lord and Commoners; it was by the said Indenture witnessed, that, for the attaining and establishing of such Inclosure and Improvements, the said George Boulton, and the said several other Persons therein named of the Second Part, did thereby covenant, with the said then Earl of Plymouth, his Heirs and Assigns, that it should be lawful for the said then Earl of Plymouth, his Heirs and Assigns, at any Time or Times thenceafter, to inclose, and for ever thereafter to hold in Severalty, all the said Woods, and so much of the said Wastes lying near to the fame, as were already marked and set forth for that Purpose, and were contained within the Bounds thereinafter described; and also, that it should be lawful for the said then Earl of Plymouth, his Heirs and Assigns, at the Time of his or their first inclosing the said Woods, or any of them, to make all or any of the ancient outside Ditches of the fame, adjoining to any of the said therein described Bounds, in the Manner therein mentioned; and, for the better alluring the said Woods and Waste Grounds contained within the said Bounds, to be enjoyed by the said then Earl of Plymouth, his Heirs and Assigns, discharged of all Commons to be claimed in the fame, they the said George Boulton, and the said several other Persons therein named of the Second Part, did thereby release to the said then Earl of Plymouth, his Heirs and Assigns, all Common and Right of Common, and all other Claims and De-> mands, of, in, and to, the said Woods and Wastes, contained within the said Bounds so described as aforesaid; and the said then Earl of Plymouth did thereby grant, release, and confirm, unto the said Count Dowes, Christopher Smith, John Sheward, Richard Moore, William Cooks, James Moore, and John their Heirs and Assigns, therein mentioned, all the Rest and Residue of the said Wastes and Commonable Lands, lying within the said Manor, and not contained within the said Bounds therein described, and all the Cottages, Houses, and Buildings, then Handing on the fame, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, thereto belonging (except as therein is excepted) to hold the same to the said several Persons, upon the Trusts therein expressed; dnd that the said Woods, and Parts of the said Wastes, comprised within the said Bounds therein and

herein-

11 Geo. III. 31° Januarii. 115

hereinbefore mentioned, were inclosed and fenced, by the said Earl of Plymouththe Grandfather of the Petitioner the Earl of Plymouand have been ever since held in Severalty; but no Allotments or Divisions have been made of the other Parts of the said Wastes and Commonable Places} and the Petitioner the Earl of Plymouth, is seised «f, and entitled unto, certain Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Liberties, and which were purchased by him, or his Father or Grandfather, after the Execution of the said hereinbefore recited Indenture, and is, in respect of the fame, entitled to a Right bf Common in the said Wastes and Commonable Places; and that, so long as the said Commons or Parcels of Waste Grounds lie ©pen and uninclosed, they will produce very little Profit to th^ respective Proprietors of the Estates within the aforesaid Liberties: And therefore the Petitioners are willing and desirous, that the said Commons, or Parcels of Waste Grounds, which n6w lie opeh, should be divided and inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Liberties, in proportion to ‘ the redl Value of their Teveral and respective Estates in the said Manor and Liberties (except the Petitioner the Earl of Plymouth, who is desirous of having Only h Share thereof, in proportion to the real Value of his Estate so purchased since the Execution of the fiiid recited Indenture) subject and liable to the Payment of the like Tithes to the Impropriator and Vicar, for the Lands so to be inclosed, and in the same Manner, as are now paid and payable for the Other Lands of the said Parish; and that all Persons, tb whom any such Allotment shall be made, shall enjoy the Parts and Allotments so be assigned to them respectively, in Severalty, and hold the same of the Lord of tl’e said Manor for the Time being, forever, as Copyhold Estates of Inheritance, jointly with their present Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, with Power to surrender the fame, and a Right of being admitted thereto in the same Manner as to their present Copyhold Eftites, subject and liable to the Payment of the like Fines and Heriots, and no other Manerial Payments whatsoever, and on the like Occasions, and in the same Manner, as are now paid and payable by the Copyholders of the said Manor, from the End of Three Years; from the Time of obtaining an Act of Parliament for inclosing the said Common or Parcels of Waste Ground, such Heriots for the Lands l'o to be inclosed as aforesaid to be payable and paid from Time to Time, on the Death or Deaths of such Person or Persons, who, after the End of the said Three Years, shall become seised of the said Lands, or any Part thereof, separ^te and apart from the Estate or Estates in the Right whereof the same shall be so allotted as aforesaid, and not otherwise: Aiid therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming so much of the said recited Indenture as relates to the said Woods and Parts of the said Waste Grounds, as the said Earl of Plymouth, the Grandfather of the Petitioner the Earl of , was thereby

impowered to inclose and fence, and all Acts done in the said respects in pursuance of the said Indenture} and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the rest of the said Wastes and Commonable Places, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Broadway A Petition of the Right honourable George William

lcdofure. Earl of Coventry, and the humble Petition of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Lands, Vot. 33.

in the Parish of Broadway, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That there are several Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the said Parish, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but which would be greatly increased in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr* 'Dowdeswell and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring ' the fame.

A Petition of Robert, Lord Archbilliop of and Beford in Right of his laid See, Patron of the Rectory and Pa- Inclosure, rish Church of Beford, otherwise in the East

Riding of the County of York, and the humble Petition bf Jonathan Midgley, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Lljfett, within the said Parish of Beford, otherwise foYth, and also the moll considerable Owner of and in the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,. Pastures, and Carr Ground, within the Townlliip of Uffett aforesaid, the Reverend Samuel Dennis, Clerk, Rector, of the said Parish, and, as such, entitled to all the Tithes of Corn, Grain, Hay, Wool, and Lamb, and all other Tithes, both Great and Smalt, arising within the said Township of Liffett, and others whole Names are subscribed, Proprietors bf, dr otherways interested in, the levefal Open Fields and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That. within the said Manor and Township, there are 24 Oxgangs of Land, and several odd Lands, lying dispersed and intermixed in several Open and Common Fields of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, containing 800 Acres and upwards, and also certain Carrs, or Marlhy Grounds, which are computed to contain 200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioner, the said Jonathan Midgley, is Lord of the said Manor, and also Owner of 17 of the said Oxgangs, besides several odd Lands, called Forby Lands, amounting together to about Three Fourths of all the said Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, which, in their present Situation, arc capable of very little Improvertient; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, and a Compensation made to the said Rector in lieu of his Tithes, a considerable Benefit would thereby accrue to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to fbth Regulations as to the House shall leem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Daniel Lascelles, Mr. Lafcellos, and Sir George Savile, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Jenyns, from the Commissioners for Trade and Estimate* Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s I>rei'nled-Command,

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1771; And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1770, to the 24th of June 1771: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 177c, to the 24th of June 1771: And also,

Estimate

116 51 ° Januar A. 1771.

Estimate of the Civil Establishment bf His Majesty's of His Majesty’s Dominions in North for the

Province of Wesi Florida, and other incidental Expences Year 1771.

attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1770, to the And the Titles of the said Estimates were read;

24th of June 1771: And also, The said Estimates are as followeth j viz.

Estimate of the Expences attending General Survey*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establiliimerit of ilis Majesty’s

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1771.

To an additional Salary to the Governor

To a Salary to the Chief Justice ——

To a Salary to the Attorney General ——

To an Allowance to the Secretary for himself and Clerks - -i----

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer ——

To an Allowance to the Register ——

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment ——

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretaries Office - -

To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and School Mailers in the different Distrifls of the Province ——

To an Allowance for Fire Wood, for the Use of the Governor’s House and public Offices ——

To the Expences of a Pilot Boat - - - - *..... -

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of the Treasurer - -- -- -- --To the Expence of the Orphan House ——

To Allowances to Mrs. How and sundry Persons, who after long and meritorious Services are left destitute, under Age and Infirmities, by the Discontinuance of sundry Establishments heretofore maintained at the public Charge ——

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in thelfland of ——

To an Allowance for a Priest to the Micmac Indians, pursuant to a Treaty in 1761, being an Allowance heretofore paid out of the Contingencies for which no Provision is made in this Estimate ——

To an Allowance upon Account for Fees, to be pai<J upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of the Monies granted upon this Estimate ——

To £. 1,500, being in Part of £. 3,000 to be allowed for building a Church, a Court House, and a Gaol, at Charlotte Town in thelfland of St.John ——

£. i.

500-----

500 — —

182 10 — 262 10 — 182 10 — 182 10 —

32t 1 5 — 96 12 — 52 6 —

440-----

288 15 — ;-203 1 —

2CO — -

50 -1" — 384 i ’5

150----

100 — —

100-----

100 — —

1,500-----

5>7S>6 10 3

ESTIMATE

3i° Jannum*

11 Geo. III.

t if

E S T ( M A T E of the - Civil - Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1770, to the 24th of June 1771.

To the Salary of the Governor -To the Salary of the Chief Justice

To the Salary of the Secretary - -- - - _ . - - .

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands ——

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents - - - - _ _ -

To the Salary of the Attorney General - - - - -- - - - . - - - '»

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Church of England and Two Schoolmasters - - - -To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -

To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and sufficient Hands ——

To an Allowance for contingent Expences ——

To an Allowance to Mr. Ottolengke, Superintendant of the late Filature at , in Consideration of his long and faithful Services in that Office, which is now discontinued - -

C s. d.

1,000 -

500----

100 -

20 -

i5o _ IOO -- -pr*

150 — —

100----

; n6 — — 200 —

5° — 5°o —

100 — £. 3,086 -

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Province of East , and other'incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1770, to the 24th of June 1771.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - - - . - - *

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - -- --.....- -

To the Salary of the Attorney General

To the Salary of the Secretary, and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Register - . - - -: - - . -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - -

To an Allowance for an Assistant - -

To the Salary of the Agent - - .- - - - r - - J - -

To a Minister at St. Augustine - -

To a Minister at St. Mark's - - - - * - - -,'* - -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £.25 each. -

To the Salary of a Provost Marshal -. - .- r _ ——

To an Allowance for a Pilot, established at St. Augustine. - 1 ?. - -

To an. Allowance for unfarefeen. Expences. relatiye to thand other contingent

Charges - - - -..... — - k.- - - -

To an Allowance for the Encouragement of Vines, Silk, and other beneficial Articles of

Culture - - .- - .* r -

jC*

1,200 -

500 -

150-----

I50 -

.IOO----

120-----

30-----

200 -

too-----

IOO-----

5°-----

too-----

5°-----

1,000 — —

500 — —

£. 4,350----

VOL, 33.

H h

ESTIMATE

n8

3i* Januarii

A. 1771

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 44th of June 1770, to the 24th of June 1771.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - - - ... -V." - -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ——

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Secretary, and Clerk of the Council ——

Tothe Salary of a.Register ——

TO the Surveyor of Lands ——

To an Allowance to an Assistant -

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of aMinister at Pensacola ——

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile - -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £.45 each - - - - J- - -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal ——

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences - ‘- - v- .

To an Allowance for a Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for presents to the Indians - - . - -

To £ 850, being In Part of £.2,550 to be allowed for building a House for the Residence of His Majesty’s Governor of the Province of West Flo, for the Time being -

To be paid to Engineer Campbell, as a Reward for, and in Consideration of his Expences in, making a Survey of some Part of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida -

£‘ J* d,

1,206-----

5°o -

150-----'

I5°----

100----

120 — —

30---- V

200 -

IOO----

IOO----

5°-----

100 ——

1,000 — — i,coo — — 850-----

450----

6,100 — —

vm -y 1

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1771.

To an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at , during the Time the Chief Sur-"veyor is employed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern Distri£fe -

To a Deputy Surveyor, at "Ten Shillings pir Day," and Two Assistant Surveyors, at Seven Shillings per Day each' ——

To One Draught fman, at Five Shillings pir Day" ——

To an additional Pay of One Shilling and Eight Pence per Day to One Serjeant,- One Shilling per Day to One Corporal, and Sixpence per Day to Twelve private Men, to assist in such Sutvey, and to lerve as Camp, Colour, and Chain Men, and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of Mountains To extraordinary Expences, for Hdrfes, Guides,-yr.’ -' - - - J - -

To Expences and Allowances, for the Survey of the Southern District, upon the same Plan -To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be'piid upon Orders for the'Receipt, and-upon the Mile, of Monies granted upon this Estimite ——

To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies for the TJfe of the Public - Offices, of the Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for Publication ——

£* s. d.

IOO

438

91 S ~

/:* 1 r!

*55 2* —

100 —

700 17 — t-- 200 — — *

100

1,885 4 —

aEsaaaEBBBBt

Ordered,

ii Geo. III. 31° Janudtiii ti6.

Ordered That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Great A Petition of the Inhabitants of Great , and

Marlow: Qf the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen,

Raritan'’ Manufacturers, and others, of the neighbouring Country " Towns and Villages, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of-themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Forth, That the Petitioners have seen, by the Votes, a Petition, for the Amendment of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, which, they apprehend, will, if carried into Execution, be a great public Benefit, as well as an Act-vantage to private Property: And therefore praying, That the same may be carried into Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred‘to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Coiti-missioners of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of,

Surrey, Berks., Bucks, Oxfoand Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

Great A Petition of the Inhabitants of Great , in the

Marlow: County of Bucks, and of the several Gentlemen, Land

Canfi *C* ^whers» Tradesmen, and others, of the neighbouring Towns and Villages, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen, by the Votes, that a Petition bath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Monkey Island, in the same County; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if such Canal is made, it will greatly prejudice them, by rendering the Carriage of all Kinds of Merchandize upon the River Thames much more expensive, and by throwing great Part of the Petitioners Trade into another Channel: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition, and have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Clergy, and others of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

Ordered, That it be an fnstruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Stanwell: A Petition of Sir John , Baronet, and Knight

Monkey of the honourable Order of the Bath, Lord of the Ma-r"nli&C nor of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Owners and Occupiers of Land within the said Parish of Stanwell, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from or near a Place called Monkey island, near Bray, in the County of Berks, to in t^e

said County of Middlesex, and another Cut, from the said proposed Canal, from or near West in

the said County of M, to the River Thames, at or near Staines; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should pass into a Law, it will greatly injure the Petitioners in their Property: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their-Coun-lel, against the said Bill, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Vo l.33.

((deration of the Committee; to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons; of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard; by their Counsel; before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that ^hey do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time,:in Favour of the said fpYmer Petition, against the Petition now presented.

A Petition of Sir John Gibbohs, Bardnet, and Knight Stanwell, of the honourable Order of the Bath, and also of the Foot Path;, several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Houses; in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of was *

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth;-That the said Sir John Gibbons is Owner of the Maqor* of

Stanwell, and of the Capital Messuage called Place, and the Park thereto adjoining, which Park, amengft other Lands, consists of certain Fields formerly called Burrough Fields and HuJbanours, over which there are certain Foot Paths and Ways, which make Part of a Path or Way from the South Corner of the Garden Wall of Edwin Francis Stanhope, Esquire, in Stanwell', to a Piece of Ground called Burrough Green, and in which said Fields the Inhabitants of the said Parish; or some of them, claim ^certain Rights of Common, which the said Sir John Gibbons difjputes and denies, and a Suit at Law is now depending concerning the same; and that the said Sir John Gibbons hath proposed, at his own Expence, to make a better and more convenient Foot Path, from the Eastern Garden Wall of the said Mr. Stanhope, to the Banks of the Stream balled The New Rivet, and from thence to the said Burrough Green, in lieu of the said Paths and Ways in and over the said Fields, and to oblige himself; his Heirs and AssignV, to maintain the same in good Repair for ever { and hath also proposed to convey to Trustees, and settle for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish of a

certain House, known by the Name of s, with

an Orchard thereto belonging, containing about One Acre of Land, more or less, situate at the South East Corner of Hither Mow, in the said Parish of Sianwelli and also to pay into the Hands of such Trustees a Sum of One hundred Pounds, for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, upon Condition that the said Sir John Gibbons shall be authorized to (hut up the said Paths and Ways over the said Fields called Burrough Fields and HuJbanours; and that all Claims to any Right of Common, or other Eafemeritsj in the said Parish, or any Part thereof, be relinquished and ex tin-guished; to which Proposals of the said Sir John Gibbons, the Inhabitants of the Parish of Stamvell have consented: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the said Sir John Gibbons, to (hut up the Paths and Ways in and over the said Fields called Burrough Fields and HuJbanours, and to extinguish all Claims, and Rights of Common, and other Eafenients, in and over the said Park, or any and every Part thereof, and to keep the same entirely enclosed for the future, freed and discharged of all Easements, Rights, or Claims whatsoever; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and maintain a Foot Path, or Way, from the Eastern Garden Wall of the said Edwin Francis Stanhope, Esquire, in the said Village of Stanwell, to Burrough Green aforesaid; and that the said House and Orchard may, by the said Bill, be veiled in certain Trustees, to be therein appointed, for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; and that the said Sum of /\ 100 be thereby secured to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish of Stanwell.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

Liphookj

Sec.

Roads.

Sutton,

Ac.

Road.

X 20

310 Januarii.

A.

1771

And it is referred to Mr. Gajcoyne, Mr. Walsh,

And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamberj and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of many of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and inhabitants, of the Counties of Southampton and Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads from the Village of Liphook, in the County of Southampton, through the Parishes of Bramjhot, Headley, Kingjley, Selbourn, W East

ham, and Alton, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road there, and from thence, through the Parishes of Alton and Shalden, to the Road on Weston Common, and from thence, over other Part of Weston , and

through the Pari Hies of Herriard,

Slier born Saint John, Monk Sherborn, Wool ten, and Woolverton, to the Road at and from

thence through Newbury, to the Road leading from Speenhamland Water, to Chilton Pond, in the said County of Berks-, and also the Road leading from Bajingjloke, through the Parishes of Clidefden,

Nutley, Prefion Candover, and Chilton to the

Road on Bugmore Hill-, and also the Road from the Finger Pott at Shot Hanger Coppice Corner, through the Parishes of Monk Sherborn, Tadley, Woolverton, Baughurst, and Aldermaston, to the Road at the

End of Aldermaston Lane, and also from the Red House in Monk Sherborn Common Field, to the Pond at the End of Stokes Lane, in the said Parish of Monk Sherborn; and also . the Road from Bajingjloke aforesaid, through the Common Fields there, and the Parish of Sherborn Saint John, to the Brick Kiln in that Parish i and aho the Road from Baftngjloke aforesaid, to the Reading Turnpike Road, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow and crooked in many Places, and in others deep, dangerous, and incommodious: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and turning, the aforesaid Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Simeon Mr. Kynaston,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, having Estates in or near the Parish of Sutton, in Holderness, in the County of York, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road extending from a Place in the said Parish of Sutton, called Fryer, or Fore Dyke Bridge, through the Town of Sutton, to the South East Corner of the Church Yard there, and from thence to a Place adjoining the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and Edon, called The Salts Gate, and also from the South East Corner of the said Church Yard, through a Street in Sutton, called Lotvgate, to or near the Two Mile Stone on the said Road, is in a very founderous Condition, and in many Places impafiable; and that the making the said Road safe and commodious will be of general Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Road, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Laf-celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several of the Trustees to an Act passed in the Z4th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Cramond Bridge to Queen's Ferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and rof the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Farmers, andi Traders, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Fife, subscribing,: was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have proceeded to make and keep in Re-, pair the said Road leading from Cramond Bridge, to the-Town of Queen's Ferry; but the same is not yet completed; nor can it be done, or the Debt paid off which has. been contracted by virtue of the Powers granted by the said Act, during the subsisting Term, or under the Provisions therein contained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, io far as relates to the Road from Cramond Bridge ter Queen's Ferry, with such further and other Powers as shall be sufficient to complete the said Road, and keep the same in Repair for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dundas, Mr. Edmonstone,&c.: And they, are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber i and have Power to, fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Dewftiop, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of South Reston, in the County of Lincoln, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor and Parish of South Reston, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open, Common, Arable Fields, known by the Names of the East Field and West Field, and a: Field called The Holmes, the Whole conlifting of about 500 Acres; and that the Lands and Grounds belonging to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed' in small Parcels, and are for the most Part inconveniently situated, and incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great Ad? vantage to all Patties concerned, if the same were inr closed, and divided into specific Allotments amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their respective Rights and Properties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a. Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Amcotls and Mr. Page do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of Haydon Square, The New Square-, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise The Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in The Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Squares, Yards, Streets, and Courts, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, are very ill paved and cleansed, and incommodious to Passengers, by Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and many Disorders and Irregularities are frequently committed therein in the Night Time, for Want

ct

Cramond

Bridge,

&c.

Road.

Sooth

Redon

Ittclofur*,

Haydon

Square,

See.

Paving.

121

11 Geo. Ill; 3.1° Jammu

of the same being properly lighted and watched; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and freed from ail Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; which the Inhabitants are willing to do at their own Expence: And therefore prayings That Leavi may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House i

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Alder* man Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Order Ordered, That the Order made upon Tuesday last, for

to attend. Daniel Bartlett tb at tend this House upon Thursday the 14th Day of February next, be discharged.

New Ordered, That Thomas Poole, Esquire, and Charles Shoreham Hanning'on, do attend this House upon Thursday the Election, xL).iy of February next, to be examined touching the Inquiry into the Transactions of the Society, allutiling the Name of the Christian Society, at the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

Wapp’ing, Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, accord-Sec. ing to Order, a Bill for paving Wapping Street, in the Paving. County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame, and for removing all Incroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future} and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street, into Nightingale Lane, and for paving such Passage, and the East Side of Nightingale Lane: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Revived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

fcofemnry Mr. Aldermaq Oliver presented to the House, accord-Lace, Jng to Order, a Bill for paving and regulating Rosemary La,re, from the Parish o to also

aving. tjic Cable Street, the Footpath in Back Lane, the Pie-f. cinct of Wellclose, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane, to Ratcliffe Cross, Butcher Row, and Brook Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the fame; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: And the same was receivedj and read the Eirft Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

jYjorden Sir Charles tVhilworth, according to Order; reported College from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Peter Burr Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Morden College, in the County of Kent, for enabling His Majesty. His Heirs, and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenftone Hill, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants; in the said College, was committed, the Amendments which <the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they, had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. yol; 33.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fairfield Fields, Common Pasture, Commons, and Waste Indoicrc. Grounds, within the Township; Hamlet, Or Liberty, of Fairfield, in the Parish of and County of

Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Cavendish, Mr. Cavendifih, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House iWnng to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Fish«; consider of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the British Whtte Herring Fisherv;

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Bull' s which have been cleared out, for the White Herring pilhery, at the several Poris in Scotland, from the 3th January 1770, as far. as the same can be made up; together with the Number of Men, the Tonnage, and the Quantity of Fish taken, and the Amount of the B unties which have been paid, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been produced out of His Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, and are applicable to the Payment of the Bounties on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery, from the 5th Day of January 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been certified to be due, and are now in Arrear, as the Bounty onBufles fitted out for the White Herring Fishery in Scotland ,from the 5th of January 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Bufles . which have been cleared out for the White Herring Filliery, at the several Pdrts in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1770, to the 5th of January 1771; with the Number of Men, Tonnage, and Quantity of Fish taken, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid, by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs in England, on the*

British White Herring Fishery, from the 5th 770,

to 5th January 1771, which is as far as the same can be made up, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been produced out of His Majesty’s Customs in England, and are applicable to the Payment of the Bounties for the White Herring Fishery, from the 5th of January 1770, to the 5th of January 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. E.dmonjlonetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edmonfime reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him tb report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Edmonflone also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will; upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HouU), to consider further of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrpw Morning, Ten of the Clock. f

It

k

Earl’s Barton Inclosure,

Bedford

Level*

122 i° Februar 1771.

Veneris, i die Februarii}

Anno u® Georgii III111 Regis, 1771;

Prat ers.

A Petition of ’James Frema Esquire, Owner of great Part of the Impropriate or Great Tithes and other E(fates in Earl's in the County of

Northampton, and of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Open and Common Fields of Earl's Barton aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of several Freehold Estates and other Properties in the said Open and Common Fields, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in l'mall Parcels; by Means whereof, great Inconveniences arise to the Owners and Occupiers thereof; and the same are ipcapable of Improvement in their present Situation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben and Sir George Bridges Rodney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Palm, Esquire, one of the Deviled and Trustees named in the Will of the Most noble John Duke of Bedford, Lord of the Manor of Thvrney, and Sir Sampson Gideon, Baronet, Owner of High and Low Borough Fen, and of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, and of Lands in the Manor of Crowland, thereto adjoining, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the 15th Year of King Charles the Second, for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, were impowered to lay Taxes on 95,000 Acres allotted as a Recompence for draining the said Great Level (12,000 Acres whereof had been designed and intended for his late Majesty King Charles the First, and set forth and allotted by, Bounds in Severalty) for the Support, Maintenance, and Preservation, of the said Great Level; and that, by another Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Taxing amd Assessing the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens, 83,000 Acres, Parcel of the said 95,000, were directed to be taxed and assessed by a gradual Acre Tax of different Sorts and Values of Lands, in the Manner therein mentioned; and that the said 12,000 Acres, Residue of the said 95,000, should be rated at a Medium of the whole Tax to be from Time to Time alfelfed upon the said 95,000 Acres; and, that the said 83,000 Acres might be more equally rated by a gradual Acre Tax, certain Persons, therein named, were appointed Surveyors and Valuers of the said 83,000 Acres; and were, within the Time therein limited, to digest the said 83,000 Acres into such Number of Sorts, or Degrees, of Land, not under the Number of Seven, and to rate and tax the fame, as therein mentioned; and that, by another Act, made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor,- Bai-

liffs, and Cofnmonalty, of the Company of Conserva -tors of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called BedfoYd Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of ford, and Earl of Lincoln, and for other Purposes, it is recited, that the Valuations of the said Surveyors were returned by them into the Fen Office, as by the said Act of the 20th of Charles Hr was directed; and that the said 83,000 Acres had always since been taxed according to the Degrees and Proportions thereby set and allotted; and that; in order to raise Money sufficient to discharge the Sum of £. i,8oc> ascertained and declared to be the Proportion of the said North Level, of, and in the Debts of the said Corporation, contrafted before the Year 1728, the Proprietors of taxable Lands; within the said North Level, were authorized to purchase off so much of the Taxes chargeable on their respective Lands, by virtue of the said Acts of the 15th and 20th of King Charles the Second, after the Rate of 3d Years Purchase, computing and settling the said Taxes on the said 83,000 Acres at a Tax and a Quarter, and on the said 12,000 Acres in Proportion thereto, according to the said Act of the 20th of tCing Charles the Second, as should be sufficient to raile the said Sum of £. i,8co; and that the Taxes, chargeable by virtue of the said Acts of the 15th and 20th Years of King Charles the Second, upon the Residue of the said taxable Lands, within the said North Level, the Taxes whereof should not be so purchased off as aforesaid; should be always thereafter fixed at a Tax and a Quarter, and on so much thereof as should be Part of the said

12.000 Acres, in Proportion thereto, according to the said Act of the 20th of King Charles the Second; and should not be lefl'ened, or increased; and thaw, the Money which should be produced by the said Taxes, within the said North Level, and all other the Repts and Revenues payable to the said Corporation, out of the said North Level, or any Part thereof, should, from thenceforth, be applied and disposed of, by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, about the Works of the said Level, as in the said Act is mentioned; and that the said,

and all' the Lands, Rents, Taxes, and Revenues thereof, should be exonerated and discharged from the Payment of all other Debts and Sums of Money, then due from the said Corporation; and that it was, by the said Act of the 27th of King George the Second, directed-, that the Lands and Grounds in the said North

and the Lands within the Manor of Crowland, comprised within the said Act, containing together about

48.000 Acres, intended to be drained under the Powers

and Authority of that Act, should be divided into Five Districts or Divisions, in Manner therein mentioned; and the Owners or Occupiers of Lands and Grounds comprised within the same, were to be taxed and charged with equal and proportionable Rates and Taxes, for the general draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds therein; and tha’t the said If ax and a Quartet, on Lands within the said North Level, amounted to the yearly Sum of £-777. 3*. \\d.-, and several Proprietors of taxable. Lands, within the said North Level, pursuant to the Power given by the said last mentioned Act, purchased off £.60 a Year, Part of the Taxes chargeable on their Land?, whereby the said £. 1,800 Debt wa? paid off; and the yearly Produce of the Taxes upon the taxable Lands within tire said North Level was thereby reduced to the Sum of 717. 3*. 4 d.-, and that, by another Act, of the 29th Year

of his late Majesty King George the Second, for establishing a Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Le^jel, and for other Purposes, the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators of the said Corporat ion,1 upon the Conditions therein mentioned, were impowered to borrow, upon Bonds, under the Com*

j&on

Saint Cither ine’* Paving.

it Geo. IIL i Februdri 123

mon Seal oif the said Corporation, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shotild judge necessary, for the Use of the said North Level, not exceeding the Sum of £. 5,000 , and that the Rents, Taxes, and Revenues of the said North Level, should be made a Security for the Payment of the Sums so borrowed, with interest for the fame; and that, several Breaches happening in the North Bank of Moretons in the Years

1763 and 1764, the said Corporation, in order to repair the fame, borrowed the whole Sum of £. 5,000 at 5 per Cent, which Interest amounted annually to £.250; and that the annual Revenue arising from the said Tax and a Quarter, upon the taxable Lands within the said North Level, applicable to the future Works directed by the said Act of the 27th of George the Second, was thereby reduced to the Sum of £.467. 3r.

4 d.\and that, other Breaches happening in the said

North Batik of Moreton's Leame, in the Year 1767, the

yearly Revenue of the said Corporation, arising from the said North Level, was not sufficient to repair the said

Breaches, and to carry on the necessary Works directed by the said Act of the 27th Year of George the Second; so that a considerable Sum of Money has been expended for such Works, over and besides the said Sum of £. 5,000; and that further Breaches have lately happened in the said North Bank, and the Lands in the said North Level, and in the Manor of comprised

-wit Kin the said Act of the 27th of George the Second, are now greatly overflowed with Water, which is a great Loss, not only to the Proprietors, but also to the Public; and tfiat the Petitioners are delirous. that an equal or proportionable yearly Rate, or Tax, should be laid on all those Lands lying within the said North Level, and on the Lands adjoining thereto, within the said Manor of CroziianJ, comprised in the said Act of the z7th of King G, torge the Second (but without Prejudice to the Rates and Taxes already rated and assessed, or hereafter to be rated and assessed, by Force of the aforesaid Acts, and without Prejudice to the Monies borrowed on the.Security thereof, and the Interest payable in respect of the fame) and paid to the said Govefhor, Bailiff, and Commonalty, to enable them to pay for, and carry on, the Works directed by the said Act of the 27th of George the Second; and, for the better enabling the said Corporation to raile Money for such Purpose, the Petitioners are desirous that the said Corporation should be enabled, with the Consent of the Petitioners, she said Robert Palmer and Sir Sam [fort Gideon, to borrow', upon Bonds, under the Seal of the said Corporation, such further Sums of Money as they shall judge needfary, lor the Use of the said North Level, not exceeding the Surd of20,000; ard that the Rents, Taxes, and Revenues of the said Corporation, in the said North Level, without Prejudice to the said £. 5,000 already borrowed, and such Taxes to be laid on all the Lands within the said North Level, and on' the Lands within the said Manor of C comprised in the said Act of the 27th of George the Second', should be made a Security for the Re-payment of the Money fe to be borrowed, with Interest: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efr feftuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner aa to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referf edto the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Sampson Gideon, Lord Gage, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn* ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Iron Gate Wharf, and of Warehouses and Houses within the- Precinct of Vql. 23-

Saint Catherine, near the Tower of London, Waspresented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catherine, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That there are some Parts of the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, would be very injurious to the Petitioners, and several of the Inhabitants within the said Precinct: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, in Support of their Petition, and have such Relief in the Premises as shall be thought reasonable and just.

XJrdered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftfudlion to the said Committee; That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who coriie to the Committee, to whom the'laid Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition has been presented to the House, for repairing several Roads, near the University and City of Oxford, commonly called the Mi/eways, for paving and lighting the Streets of the said City, for rebuilding Magdalen Bridge, for removing

the Market in the said City, and othfcr Purposes in the said Petition mentioned; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners will be considerably affected in their Property, in case the Bill prayed for in the said Petition should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against she said Petition j or that they may have such Relief id the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, of the Uni* verlity of Oxford, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Oxford, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction so the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former ^Petition, against flie Petition now presented,

Mr, Walter reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Repott in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegation* of the said Petition, John Neath, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Market for Provisions within the City of Exeter, is held irt the High Street, which renders it extremely inconvenient, the same being the principal Street in the City: That many Nuisances and Obstruift ions are unavoidably occasioned by the said Market, which might be remedied, by moving the fame, under proper Regulations, to a certain Place near the Guildhall of the said City; but there being fe-Veral Houses and other Buildings (landing on the Ground which is wanted for that Purpose, the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

regulate

fjxford

Mllewayj,

Ice.

Exeter

Market*.

Severn

TowingPaths

Ubl y Inclostire.

Essex Shire House and Gaol.

124 i° Febtliar'll. A. 1771.

regulate and remove certain Markets within the City of Exeter, and for that Purpose to purchase a Plot of Ground; and also to prevent the holding of the said Markets in the High Street of the said City: And that Mr. Walter, Mr. Serjeant Gand Mr. John

Junior, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the principal Owners of Vessels, 1'rows, and Barges, navigating the River , in Behalf of

themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Navigation of the said River is much impeded, and that many Delays and Dilappointments in Trade are occasioned, great Expences incurred, and heavy Damages sustained, for want of a broad Towing Path along the Sides of the said River; and that the Petitioners are detirous of re* moving these Complaints, by giving a Compensation to the Proprietors of Lands along the said River, for as much Ground as will be necessary for those Purposes; which the said Proprietors are consenting to, upon areasonable Satisfaction: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such a Towing Path, or Paths, along the River Severn, as shall be sufficiently broad for the Use of Horses; and also for causing such other Improvements to be made in the Navigation of the said River, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. B, Lord , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Pulteney, on Behalf of himself, and of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and others interested in the Commons and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said Manor, there is a large Extent of Common, or Waste Grounds, which is computed to contain, in the Whole, about 900 Acres, in which the Petitioner and others have a Right of Common; and that the fame, in its present Situation, is capable of very little Improvement; and it would greatly tend to the Advantage of all Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, in such Manner as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alexander Popham and Mr. Brickdaie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Shire House of the said County, situate in the Town of Chelmsford, in which the Assizes and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County are holden, and other public Business of the said County is transacted, is much out of Repair, very incommodiously situated, too small, and otherwise so inconvenient for the transacting the public Business of the said County, that it is necessary it should be taken down, and that a new Shire House should be built, on a larger Plan, for the Use of the said County; and, for accomplishing the lame, it is proposed to purchase several Messuages, Sheds, and Tenements, {landing near the present Shire House; and that the Common Gaol of the said County, situate at Chelmsford aforesaid, being a very ancient Building, too small, and so much dee&yed as ter be in-

capable of being repaired, an Act was passed, in the last Session, for rebuilding it, whereby the Justices of the Peace for the said County are authorized to purchase a convenient Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Tenements adjoining to, and communicating with, the present County Gaol, and to cause to be built thereon, and on the Ground on which the present Gaol (lands, a convenient Gaol, for the Confinement of Criminals, Debtors, and others; and that there are several Omissions and Inaccuracies in the aforesaid. Act, which, it is apprehended, must be redlified, before the same can be carried into Execution; and at the General Quarter Session for the said County, on the Second of October last, it was resolved, that the White Horse Inn in Chelmsford (which was heretofore approved of by the Justices, but could, not be purchased at the Time of passing the before-mentioned Act) is the most proper Place for erecting a new Gaol, for the Use of the said County; and that the Proprietor should be agreed with for the Purchase thereof, for the erecting a new Gaol, and other Purposes; who hath been applied to, and is ready, for a reasonable Consideration, to fell the said Messuages, of Tenement, with the Appurtenances; for the erecting thereon a new Gaol, and other Buildings that may be convenient for the tame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the County of EJJ'ex, to purchase certain Messuages, Ground, and Tenements, situated near unto, and adjoining upon* the present Shire House; and on the Scite of the lame, and of the present Shire House, or some Part thereof, toeredla new Shire House, a Room for the Records, and other Conveniences, for the Use of the said County; and for repealing the said Act passed in the last Session, for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the said County; and for enabling the said Justices to purchase the White Horse in Chelmsford, with the Appurtenances; and upon the Scite of the same to rebuild the Common Gaol of the said County, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear toj;hem, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Maynard, Mr. Luther, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of several Farmers, Graziers, and others, who frequent the Markets and Fairs at Chelmsford, in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Occupiers of Land, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land in the said County: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of them-

selves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town; And also,

A Petition of Sir William Mildmay, of Mouldfkam , in the County of Essex, Baronet; And also,

A Petition of Edward Ravenel, of Dean Street, Soho* in the Liberty of WeJlmbiJier, Esquire;

Were severally presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex, on the Ground where the

present Gaol is situate; and taking Notice of an Application intended to be made, for repealing such Part of the said Act, and for removing thq said Gaol, and rebuilding the same in the Place where the White Horse Inn now (lands; and praying to be heard, by themselves, or Count'd,.

against

Ditto.

Long Rifton inclosure.

Oitenhopc,

Sec.

loclosure.

ii Geo. Ill* i° Feoruarii. 125

against any such Application for Removal of the said Gaol from its present Situation.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered1 to be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of is re-

ferred j and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudlion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at; the same Tirtie; in Favour of the said Petition, against the last mentioned Petitions.

A Petition of Hugh Bet hell, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Long Riston, in Holde, in the East Riding of the County of York, and Lora of the Manor of nall, otherwise Arnoldin Holderness aforesaid, and also an Owner of a great Number of Messuages, Cottages,-Scites of Cottages, or Tofts and of by far the greatest. Part of the Open Fields and Grounds at Long Riston and Arnall, otherwise Arnold, aforesaid, and others, whose Names are subscribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested in, the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, -was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at Long Riston aforesaid, there are several Open and Uninclosed Parcels of Land, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, called the iVeJl Field, (including certain Places called and Criftings) and the East Field (including certain Places called Ox P. Jlure and Braymer) and the Carr or Common, and other Nani.es,

which are computed to contain, in the Whole, 1,600 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, at *otherwise Arnold, there are several Open and Uninclosed Parcels of Land, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, called the E.Jl Field (including a certain Place called the Moor Butts) and the West Field, and the Carr or Common, and other Names; and that, there is also within the Territories of Arnall, otherwise Arnold, or neat adjoining the reunto, a certain other Parcel of Land* called Arnall Ings, otherwise Arnold lugs, otherwise Btnntng-holme legs; all which, together with fotne old Inclosure at Arm.ll, otherwise Arnold aforesaid, contain, in the Whole, 1,671 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the same lie contiguous to each other, and intermixed, and diL perfect in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation* are capable of no considerable Improvement; and that it would be a great Benefit to the Persons interested, it the same were divided and ihcloled, and specific Shaies allotted to the Parties, according to their different Rights and Intbrefts: And therefore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Division and Inclosure of the several Lands and Grounds abovementioned* in such Manner, and under fuqh Regulations, as to the House shall lec-m meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr . Daniel Lafc lies, Mr. Lascelles, and Mr.' Cholmley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of Samuel Egerton, Esquire, and Charles Wood and Abraham Balme, Gentlemen, Lords of the Manor of Oxenhope, in the Parish of Bradford, and County of York", and Benjamin Ferrand, Esquire, Richard Green'ivocd, George Greenwood, Greenwood,

Roberts, Jefeph Rujhworth, John Blurgatroyd, and the Reverend John Richardf.n, Clerk, and the several other Persons* whole Names are thersunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor* for and on the Behalf of themselves, and others, who are entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read'* Setting forth, That iherc is a large Common, Moor, or Trad of Waste

VOL.33.

Ground, commonly called- Oxenhope. Common, ljjngju the said Manor, Township, or Hamlet, containing. by . Eftihiation 2,500 .^cres, or. thereabouts, wlfich, in tl^fir present Situation* yield, very little Profit to ihe I^i-'-tionersbut, if the same were divided and indofecV would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners, and others interested therein, and of great’ public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be giyen to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Common, Moor, and Waste Ground, unto’and', . ;i amongst the Petitioners, and others interested therein,' in such Manner, as to the House shall.feerp meet. ‘

Ordered, That Leave be, given tp bring in a Bill, ptir-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And, (bat, Mr.

Daniel LaJ'celles, Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. ,do-

prepare, and bring in> the fame.

A Petitioft of the several Geritfemeh, Merchants, Bradford* T'adeTmen, and Inhabitants, residing in and near the Market Towns of Leeds, Bradford, Kighley,.

and Skip toilA in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed, last Session of Parliament for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the' North Lady's Walk, in pool, in the County Palatine of and from

thence to the Ritfer Mersey-, which Cut, or Canal, is to be carried through a Part of the Township of Idle, in the said County of York-, and the Petitioners apprehend, that the forming a Communication therewith, by a Navigable Cut, or Canal, to be made from a Place in Bradford aforesaid, called Hoppy Bridge, to join the said Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Leeds to Liverpool, at a Place called IV in Idle aforesaid, is very

practicable, and would be of great public Utility: And. therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from a certain Place in Bradford aforesaid, called lioppy Bridge, to join and communicate with the said Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Leeds to Liverpool, at a certain Place, in the Township 6f idle, called IVindhill, with such lowers and Provisions, and under such Regulations., as to the House shall seem meet.

O/dered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr . Daniel LSir George Saville, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Better regulating the Poor within the City Oxford of Oxford, was read a Second Time. Poor.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Roger New digate. See. :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of thd Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Master, Esquire, Lord of the Preston, Manors of Preston arid Stratton, in the County of Glou- *c-cester, arid principal Owner of Lands and other Estates ^nclolure* within the said Manors, the Reverend John Sand ford,

Doctor in Divinity, and the Reverend layne Cox, Rector and Vicar of the Parfthcs of Preston and Stratton, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, likewise Owners and Proprietors of Estates there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Parishes, are several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, which lie contiguously, arid contain in the Whole,

2,056 Acres, or thereabouts, wherein the different Properties lie intermixed, and inconveniently situated, and are, in their present State, incapable of Improvement:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to

K k bring

Bath,

Sec.

Roads.

126 i° Februarii. A. 1771*

bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, under such Regulations as t,he House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-ftiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Barrow and Mr. Dowdeswell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads therein after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.. William Sabine, being examined, laid. He is a Surveyor, and has been used to take Levels and the Elevations of Hills: — That he knoWs the present Turnpike Road from Melksham to Bath; — that the Elevation of Hill is 7 Degrees, and of Hill 6 Degrees,

which Hills being so steep, make the Road very inconvenient: — That a new Road, from Melksham, to go hear Broughton, Wraxhall, and to the Bot-

tom of the Hill near Batbford, would remedy the above Inconveniences, and reduce the utmost Elevation of any Part of the Road to 3 Degrees: — That the Course of it will be upon a Rock, from which Materials may be got: — That it may easily be made, and will be nearer by One Mile than the present Road.

Being aiked, what will be the Length of the Hill in the proposed Road ? he said. One Mile and a Quarter; — dnd being aiked, what is the Length of Bathford Hill ? he said. One Furlong; — That the present Road from Bath to Kingsdown has many small Hills in it; and that Kingsdown Hill is steep for the Space of Two FurlongsBeing aiked, whether Bathford Hill can be reduced to 3 Degrees by winding up it ? he said, It cannot, because the Road cannot wind up it without sinking: — And being aiked, whether Kingsdown Hill can be reduced ? he laid, it may be made easier, but hot so ealy as the proposed Road; and that the Hill would be a Mile in Length -. — Being aiked, How much longer the Hill would be, if reduced to Degrees of Elevation-? he said. Not much, because the Road mull turn short at the Top of the Hill.

Being further examined, he said. The Road from Bathford to Bath follows the Course of the River Avon, and enters Bath through Walcot Street, which is very narrow; in feme Places not above Ten Feet wide; particularly opposite Walcot Church, where Two Carriages cannot pass each other: — That the Breadth necessary for 3 Carriages to go a-breast, is 30 Feet: — That this Inconvenience would be obviated by making a Road from Bathford to Bathwick, and from thence to the Bridge now building over the Avon at Bath, which will be Half a Mile nearer: That there will not- be any Ascent in it, and the Entrance to the interior Parts of Bath from it will be very convenient.

That there are many Hills in the Road from Bath to Bradford, which might be avoided, if a new Road was made from Bradford to Farlywick, there to join the new-intended Road between Melksham and; the

Whole of which new Road would be level, and nearer than the present Road by i of a Mile.

Being aiked. How far it is from Bradford to wick ?he said, Two Miles and 6 Furlongs.

And being further examined, he said. The Road from Froom and other Places, to Bath, by Entry Hill and Holloway, is in many Places very steep and narrow: — that the Elevation of Entry JHill is Nine Degrees — of Holloway, Six Degrees: — That those Hills may be avoided, by making a new Road by Odd Down, near the Old Glass House, to Barracks, and from the Red *9

Lyon in Wells Road to Barracks, and from thence to Lyncome and the said new Bridge: — That it will be about Half a Mile round, and mud cut through some Gardens and Orchards, to the Owners of which he does not know that any Application has been made: That in the above proposed Road, the Rile will not be above Three or Four Degrees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make a Road from Melksham, by or near Broughton, Wraxhall, and Farlywick, in the County of Wilts, to the Bottom of the Hill near Bathford, in the County of SometJet, over the River Avonto Bathwick, and from thence to the Bridge how building near the Old Ferry, opposite the City of Bath; and also a Road from Bradford, to join the abovementioned Road, near Farlywick and also a Road from the Turnpike Road oa

Odd Down, to a Place called Barrocks; and from a Place called the Red Lyon, in the Wells Turnpike Road, to Barrocks; from thence by Lyncome, and to the said new Bridge: And that Mr. Barrow and Mr. Denip/ler do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edward AJlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham, West Dereham, and Roxham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, and several other Persons, Inhabitants of the said County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners the Trtiftees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and large Sums of Money borrowed for that Purpose ffill remain due; and the same cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be extended, and Tolls, and several other Powers thereby granted, be enlarged, and made more effectual; and that a public Highway, branching from the said Road, and leading over Part of the Lordship of Wanlip, in the said County, to a Ford there, across the River Soar, called Long Wash, and through the said Ford, to the Road leading from Thurmaston to Ratcliffe, called the Fofs; and from thence to the Road leading from Melton Mowbray, to the Guide Post in St. Margaret's Field, is in many Parts in a ruinous Condition, and very often impassable; and it would be more convenient to the Public, and a nearer Way, if a Road was made from the said Road, leading from Thurmaston to Ratcliffe, through certain Lands and Grounds, in nearly a strait Line into the Road leading from Melton Mowbray, to the Guide Post aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual the said Acts, and other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Palmer, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Others, residing in and near the Roads herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth.

Stoke Feny, Sec. Drainage.

Market

Harborough,

itc.

Roads,

Went to El le (mere,. See. Roads.

ii Gfio. III. i° Februa ti-i

forth. That the Road leading from to , in

the County of Salop, and from thence to join the Turn-‘ pike Road, from Ofwejby, to , at or near

Chirk, in thfe County of Denbigh; as also the Road from Horton (in the Way from Went to Ellesmere) to join the Turnpike Road from to ,at

Burlton, and from thence to , and by Meetr

Bank and Boreatton, through and to

the Turnpike Road between Shrewsbury and Ofwefiry, and from thence to join the Road from Shrewsbury td Knockin, at the Finger Post at the End of Knochin Lane; and likewise the Road leading from that Part of the Turnpike Road which lies between Shrewsbury and Ofwefiry, at or near the House known by thd Sign of the Wolf's Head, upon Knochn Heath, through the Town of Knockin, to that Part of the Turnpike Road which lies in the Town of Llanymynech, leading from Pool to Ofwefry 5 and the Road leading from tire End of Cotton Wood, in the Parish of Went». to Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places* and dangerous for Fastengers and Carriages in the Winter Seaton; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill For repairing the frtid Roads* in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committed: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House i

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr;

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Do Rove- A Bill for naturalizing John Peter Roveray and ray’s. See. John Daniel Naville, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kyna-foti. Sir John Palmer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber;

The House was moved, that the Petition of John Peta Eynard and David Ckollet, which was presented

to the House upon Tufday last, and then ordered to lie Upon the Table, might be again read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that they do admit the Petitioners into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Absence. Ordered, That Sir Richard Bampfyldt have

Leave to continue at the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Candlelby A Petition of several of the Ownei% and Proprietors Jndosure. of the Open and Common Field Lands, called the Great High Field, - and Little High Field, and the Two Low Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Candlesby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open Fields* and other Commonable Lands in the said Manor and Parish, lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement j and that, if the same were inclosed and divided, and specific Shares or Allotments assigned to each Person, according to their respective Interests, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord

VOL. 33.

Browttiow Bertie and Mr. Whithtot do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according KeyhatA to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, l"cloiwe. the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in;

in the Parish of Rothley, and County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Petition of the honourable George Baillie, Esquire, Berwick, of Jervifwood; Sir John Paterson, of Eccles; Sir John

Stuart, of Allanbank', Sir Robert Pringle, of;

Sir Alexander Pttrves, of Purves; Sir Alexander Don,

of Newton, Baronets; John Swinton, Junior, of

ton , George Buchan, of Kello , David Gavin, of Lang-

toun; Patrick Home, of Wedderburn; George Home,

Clerk to the Signet; William Robertson, of;

Thomas Cock burn, of Rowchester ;Captain David Home, of Paxton; Archbald Swinton, of Manderfcn; Robert Hepburn, of Clerking ton ;James Lorain, of Angclraw,

John Renton, of Lamer ton', Robert Robertson, of bank; John Renton, of Chesterbank; George Gordon, of Gordonbank; John Mow, of Mains; John Lumfdaine, of Blanerh; Charles Frank, of BughtrigJohn dyce, of Ayton*, George Trotter, of Belchester; Edward Majoribanks, of Lees-, John Watson, of Overmains',

Waller Ker, Junior, of Little dean-, John Spot! if wood-, of Spottifwood; John Carre, of Nifbett; James Haig, of Bemcrfide; and John Ferriar, of Coldingknows, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth*

That the Roads from Edmm Bridge, to Comp loti's Lanes, upon the Confines of the Liberties of the Town of Berwick’, and also the Roads from Bddgs to Plymouth, and several other Roads and Branches leading to tire said Roads, are dangerous* and frequently im-pafiable: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the said Roads, and for explaining and amending the Laws relating to the Statute Services in the said County, ih such Way and Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickson, Mr. Dundas,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons* Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Streets, Squares, E^mbar^i &c. on the South Side of Edinburgh, who are there- Streets, unto subscribing* for themselves, and for Behoof of the other Inhabitants there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Streets,

Squares, Lanes, Avenues, and Palftges, adjoining to

the City of Edinburgh, on the South Side thereof, lying

between the Street, or Road, leading from the Cow-

gate Port of Edinburgh, to the called Gibbet

Toll, on the East; and the Street, or Road, leading from the Twopenny CuJlotH, near Edinburgh, to the Toll- ,

gate, called Wright's Houses Toll, on the West; all

within the Pari I lies of Saint Cuor WJlkirk,

and Cannon Gate, are very populous; but at present,

very ill lighted, watched* and cleansed: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

for lighting, watching, and cleansing, the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, Avenues, and Passages* abovementioned* as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it- is referred to Mr. Dundas, Lord Frederick

Campbell,

128 i° Februarii. A. 1771.

Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow'Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

South Leith A Petition of the Heretors and Inhabitants of the Streets. Town of South Leith, and Places thereunto adjoining, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would greatly tend to the Advantage and Conveniency of the Heretors and Inhabitants of the said Town, if more effectual Provision was made for cleaning and lighting the Streets thereof, the Territory of St. Anthony’s and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water 3 and for erecting Fountains, Reservoirs, and Markets, within the same; and for the better Regulation of Porters, Carters, Coachmen, and Chairmen, in the said Town, and Limits thereunto adjoining: And therefore praying the House to grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord

&c.: And they are to meet To-Morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Feckenbam A Petition of the several Proprietors of Lands, Mea-ladofure. dows, and Right of Common, in and over the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in thd: Parish of -

foam, in the County of , called,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are not capable of that Improvement which they would if divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

York to Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee, brW°r°Roads *° w^om the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put into Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skip-bridge, to Borough bridge, in the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said City and County, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Pjace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and, Mr. James Collins, being examined, said, that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which have been laid out towards amending and repairing the said Road, which are (till due and owing, and that the Tolls collected and taken are inefficient for paying the Inhered of the Money so borrowed, and to repair and keep in Repair the said Road, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tot enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the;

23d Year of his late, Majesty* for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Sk to -

bridge, in the County of York: And that Lord John

Cavendish and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the ljle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, yya% presented to the House* and read; Setting forth. That the Poor of the several Parishes and Place? within the said Kland are very numerous, and are now maintained by the Inhabitants at a great Expence; and that the granting Powers for the better Regulation of the Poor, and providing proper Places for their general Reception, will tend to their more effectual Relief, and be of great Ease and Advantage to the Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think propert .;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee; And that tjhey do examine the Matter thereof -r and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Sloani,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Justices, Alder-; Plymouth' men. Common Councilmen, Freemen, together with Pa?in* the principal and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Act passed in the last Session, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, has been found defective, and Difficulties have attended carrying the fatrie into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave ;may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, explaining, amending, and removing such, Difficulties, as at present it labours under.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Morjhead, John Nicolls, George Woolcombe, Joseph Squire, ReymundoPutt, and others, Commissioners adb-

ing under an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County 4

of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, is referred: And that they dp examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session Worcester of Parliament, for better supplying the City of Worcester Water, and the Liberties thereof with Water, and for better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

General Irwine, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Webb, and William Moody, Esquires, Botlem William Greenaway, Ralph Ellis, and others, whose Marfloa Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands,

Meadows, and Right of Common, in and over the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Butlers Marston, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That

the

11 Geo. III. i° Februariu 129

the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are not capable of that Improvement which they would, if divided and indofed, and specific Shares-thereof allotted'to each Proprietor, in proportion to his Interest therein j and that it would greatly tend to the Advantage of the several Pfcrfons interested therein, if the same were to he divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds; in i'uch Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Skipwith and Mr. Dowdef do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Hilton A Petition of several Freeholders of the Parish of Inclosure. Hilton, in the County of , Proprietors of certain Commons or Waste Grounds, of several Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Open Fields, in aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are in the said Parish Two Commons, or Waste Grounds, known by the Names of Common and Hilton Green, containing, by Estimation, 600 Acres, or thereabouts; and also several Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Open Fields, containing, by Estimation, 300 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little or no Improvement; but that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would considerably improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, or Waste Grounds, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Open Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord John Cavendish, Lord George Cavendish, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Speraal Aih The Earl of Gather lough reported from the Com-Road. mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the County of Warwick, to a Street called in the

Town of Birmingham, was committed-; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Wa.erton A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands, Mea-Inclosote. dows, and Common Right, in the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable ^Places, in Waver! on, other wise Ware-ton, in the Parish of Pol in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-iented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, of the several Proprietors, in the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed; and cannot, in their present Condition, be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed; and that it would be an Advantage to the several Parties interested, if the same Vol. 33.

were inclosed and divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Skipwith and Sir John Palmer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Liverpool, whose wheat. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Wheat; and praying. That a Bill may be brought in, to permit the Importation of Grain and Flour from the British Plantations in America, Duty free, under such Regulations, and for such limited Time, as to the House shall seem necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the Eleventh Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, accord- Hetton ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- *nc*°*rt* veral Pastures and Open Fields, within the Township of Hetton, in the Parish of Burnfal, and West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to Criminal consider of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to ** Capital Offences, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Mutiny, continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, ., &c: . intituled, An Act to continue an Act made in the last ' mer Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, An Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more eft'eftual in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord and

Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for carrying into Execution an Mordea Agreement made between Peter Burrell, Esquire, Sur- College. veyoT General of His Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Mor den College, in the County of Kent, for enabling His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant, Leases of Maid.njione Hill, in the Parish of Eafi in

the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for empowering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in the said College, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 21. To leave out " Ninth," and insert "Fifteenth," instead thereof, and to leave out " March," and insert " October" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House i and . the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement

LI made

*3 6 i ° — 2° Februarii. A, 1771*

made between Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

of His Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Morden That, from the Expiration of the Term for which the College, in the County of 1tent, for enabling His Ma- present Bounty is given, the Sum of Thirty Shillings jesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Leases of per Ton be granted and paid, to all Vessels, from Twenty Maidenftone Hilly in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the to Eighty Tons, which have been built since the Year

County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms 1760, or which shall hereafter be built, for the Purpose mentioned in the said Agreement; and for empowering of the White Herring Fisheries, and shall be actually the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of employed therein.

the Treasurer, Chaplain* and poor Merchants, in the said The said Resolutions being severally read a Second College. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill agreed to by the House. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said

Resolutions: And that Mr. Edmonstone, Lord Frederick fcopply. The Order of the Day being read, for the ptoufe to Campbell, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Elliot, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- fame, jesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Chargfc of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 177*1, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of full Pay, for 365 Days, for the Year 1771* to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions, reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who re-’ rtaained on Half Pay at the 24th December 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committeee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cliair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whit worth also acquainted the House, That he wasdirected by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Herring Mr. Edmonstone, according to Order, reported from fishery. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the carrying on the White Herring Fisheries will "be'afi Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro\V Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2* die Februarii;

Anno n° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Tavernfplte-, men, Clergy, Freeholders, and Landholders, of tec. the County of Pembroke, whose Names are thereunto Roads, subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many dther Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the great London Road, leading from Tavernspite, in the Parish of Kiffig, on the Borders of the County of Carmarthen, to Narberth Mountain, and to and through the Town of Narberth, to Caniston Bridge, and from thence to lett Bridge, near the Town and County of Haverford West j and also a Road leading from Merlin's, otherwise Maudlin's Bridge, in the Parish of -

stone, to Fowler's Lane, in the Hamlets of the Parish of Saint Thomas, and by Tears Cross, in the Parish of Stainton, and through the Parish of Robeftonweft, to Hubberston Haking, in the Parish of near

the Harbour of Milford; and also the High Roads from Narberth Mountain aforesaid, through the Village of Templeton, and over Templeton Mountain and Bridge, near the Village of Crejje/ly, to Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Pembroke-, and also the High Road from the Village of Templeton aforesaid, to Bigelly, over Hings Moor Common, to a Place called Hill, in the Parish of Saint Ijfels, and through the 1

said Parish over a Place called Stoney Bridge, and to and through the Out Liberties of Tenby, to the Town of Tenby, in the said County of Pembroke, are very ruinous and deep, and in many Parts thereof narrow and incommodious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, altering, turning, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coa-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaftoti, &c,:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Mountfield Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, to Rye

living Road.

11 Geo. lit. 2® Februarii. Hr

living in or near the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, at a certain Place called in the Parish of

Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to a certain Place called Crippt't Corner, and from thence to Staple

in the Parish of Ewhurjiin the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beckley, in the said County; and from Croft aforesaid to a certain Bridge called Bodiham Bridge, and through the Parish of Bodiham, to s Water

Corn Mill, at or near Kent Ditch; and from Corner aforesaid, through the Pari (lies of Brede and Udi-more, to the ancient Town of Rye, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Road is become very ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, the greatest Part thereof is irr.pafiable: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harcourt, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ftfherics Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Berwick upon Tw and of the several other Per-

fons, whose Hands and Names are thereunto let and subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries in the River of Tweed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That many unwarrantable Practices and Abuses have of late Years been used and committed in the said River, and in the several Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks, and Streams, which run into the fame, by taking and killing Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, and Whirlings, at unfealonable Times in the Year, and by destroying the Spawn, Fry, and young Brood, of the same Kinds of Fish, as well in those Parts of the said River of Tweed, and in the said Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks, and Streams, which are in Scotland, as in those Parts which are in England, and in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and within the Bounds and Limits thereof; by Means whereof, great Detriment ensues to the Owners and Occupiers of Fisheries in the said River, and the Public sustain a great and manifest Loss, more especially the Cities of and Westminster, which are

supplied from thence with large Quantities of fresh and kitted Salmon and Gilfes, and live Salmon Trouts and Whitlings, and which Supply might be greatly increased, if the said destructive P raft ices and Abuses were restrained and prevented: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preventing and remedying the said destructive Practices and Abuses, and for the Improvement of the Fisheries, and better Regulation of the Fishing, in the said River of Tweed, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vane, Lord Frederick Camp-hell, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Culifle, tec. A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Roadj. holders, and others. Inhabitants of the County of Cumberland, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the City of Carlife, by to the Town of Wigton, and from thence, by West Newton, through the Towns of Allonby and Mary Port, by

VOL. 33.

Flimby, to the Town of Workington, and from thence to the End of the Turnpike Road at the South End of tlunda Lane, leading to Whitehaven; and also the Road from the said Town of Wigton, to the Town of Abby Holme; and also the Road from Wigton, to the End of the Turnpike Road at Chalkbeck, are ruinous and narrow: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to widen and repair the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fletther, Mr &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Andrew Hudlefton, F.lquire, Lord of the Hutton Jofia, Manor of Hutton John, in the Parish of in the &c-

County of Cumberland, the Right Reverend Edmund Inclosure' Lord Bishop of Carlife, Rector of the said Parish, Adam AJkew, Esquire, Doctor of Physic, Patron of the said Rectory of Graystock, and John Sto

son, Thomdt Wilson, Isaac Wi/fon, Alfred Edmonson, Na-

than Todd, Joseph Todhunter, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Freeholders,

Customary Tenants, and Landholders, within the said Manor, in Behalf of themselves, and all other the Freeholders, Customary Tenants, Landholders, and others, having Right of Common upon the several Open Common, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a large Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, known by the Name of Hutton Moor, and a(so sundry other small Tracts or Parcels of Waste Ground, within the said Manor, containing by Estimation 4000.

Acres, or thereabouts, which in its present Situation is of very little Use to the Petitioners and others entitled to Common Right thereon; and that, if the same were inclosed and divided, would be of much greater Advantage to the Petitioners and others interested therein, and of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Robinson and Mr. John Jlone do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold- Andover; ers, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, residing or. &c-trading within the County of Southampton, was presented ana to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Char let the Second, for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise palfable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and that the River Anton, or Test, from Andover, through, several Places therein mentioned, to Redbridge, in the said County, there to join the Southampton River, was particularly mentioned in the said Act to be made navigable; but nothing has been done towards effectuating the fame; and that the Country through which the said River runs is become much more populous, and greatly increased in Trade and Manufactures, since the Time of passing the said Act; and that the Petitioners are ad* vised, that a Navigable Cut, or Canal, for the Passage of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be made, near the Course of the said River Anton, or Test, from the said Town of Andover, to the said Southampton River, and so to communicate with the Sea, which will be of much more general Use than the said River Anton, or Test, and will be of great Convenience and Utility to the Trade, Commerce, and Manufactures, car-

Shrewsbury

Bfidge.

Scotland: jHiniftefj.

132 2° Februarii. j. 1771.

ried on in the Country through which it is intended to lead: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Cut, or Canal, as aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. L Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and of several Gentlemen, Free-. holders, and others, whose Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Trustees have, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, taken down and rebuilt a considerable Part of the said Bridge, and purchased Houses and other Buildings (landing on or contiguous thereto, and have also built and completed a temporary Bridge, which, with several other necessary Expences, have been paid out of the voluntary Sub-feriptions of several of the Nobility, Gentry, and others, amounting to upwards of £. 7,000; by reason of which, the Fund is so far exhausted, that they are utterly Enable to complete the said Bridge: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for railing Money to finith the said Bridge, or to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall feefn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Clive, Mr. Brickdale, c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Bill for relieving the Ministers of the Church of Scotland from Payment of the Tax upon Windows, in respect of their Manses or Parsonage Houses; or that the House will give such other Relief in the Premises as shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Colfinghsm, Freeholders, Traders, and others, inhabiting in the City &c\ of York and County of the same City, the Town of 08

therby, and the West Riding of the County of York, and also of the Owners of Lands lying between York and Wetherby aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto l'ub-Icribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading from through Welherby, Bickerlon, Marston, and A comb, to

the said City, is become deep and ruinous, and in some Seasons impassable for Carriages, and very dangerous to Travellers; and that the putting the said Road into good Repair would tend greatly to the Improvement of the Corn Markets of the City of York and Town of Wether by, and to the Trade and Commerce carried on in those Places, and in that Part of the Country in general; and would ltkcwife open a nearer Communication from many Places in the said West Riding, to the said City, and be a Benefit to all Persons travelling thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act Bowes, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late &c- Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of ^oa<1*

dlelon TyasLane, to Greetabridge, and from thence to

Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Spottefwoode, Solicitor for the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, for and on the Behalf of the said General Assembly, was presented to the House, and read -, Setting forth, That the Ministers of the Church of Scotland hold their Livings as mere Stipendiaries; they have no Tithes, Fees, or casual Emoluments; and reciting several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, wherein the Ministers of that Church have been always exempted from Taxes; and therefore, as the Law of Scotland, as explained by constant Practice, has relieved the Ministers of that Church from all Taxations upon their Stipends, in which their Glebes and Manses have been understood to be comprehended, they have been induced to consider this Exemption as Part of the Rights and Privileges of the Church of Scotland, secured by the Treaty of Union; and that the Church of Scotland, believing themselves to be secure from what they understood to be the Law of Scotland, contained in the Claim of Right, ratified by the Articles of Union, and established by long Usage, loft the Opportunity of Hating the particular Circumstances of their Cafe, when the Bill propoling a Tax on Houses and Windows was first moved in Parliament; and, even after it passed into a Law, they relied on the usual Construe-tion of the Act for levying the Land Tax, which, though cotiteived in general Words, was never extended to their Stipends, Gfebes, or Manses; but, as the Ministers of the Church of Scotland find that they are subject to Prosecutions, from Time to Time, for Payment of this Tax, and cannot be relieved without the Aid of Parliament; Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a 2

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Mr. Crozvlcs,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of York and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Pennistone Bridge, in the County of York, through the Village of in the County of

Derby, to join the Turnpike Road leading from The Hope to Sheffield, near Mytham Bridge, and also the Road from the said Turnpike, in the Village of sage, to Grindleford Bridge-, and also the Road from Bam-ford Wood Gate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road aforesaid at the Guide Post upon Thornhill Moor, in the Pariifh of Hope, in the County of Derby; and also the Road branching out of the Road at Bamford Wood Gate, to join the Turnpike Road from Hope to Sheffield, near the Eighth Mile Stone on Hatherjage Moor; and also the Road from the said Bamford Wood Gate to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of , are in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Road in Repair, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

Penniftone

Bririgf,

Roads.

Applfby

luciuiure.

Chesterfic’d,

&c.

Canal.

ii Geo. Ill; 2°Fbbrudrii.- £33

And it is referred to Lord George Mr.

&c.. And they are to meet upon Monday Motning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Lave Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

A Petition of several Owners of Lands, Grounds, and Right of Common, in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and D, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the said Parish; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it is now drawn, the Petitioners will be greatly injured in their Property: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Interest, or that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem reafori-able.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of , in the

Counties of Leicester and Derby, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing in and near the several Market Towns of terfield, Worksop, and Retford, in the several Counties of Derby, York, and Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; And had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Brindley, an Engineer, being examined, said. That he has surveyed the Country through which the intended Canal, from Chesterfield, to join the River Trent, at Stockzvith, is to pass; that it is practicable, and will be a general Benefit to the Country, and of public Utility; and that so far from being an Injury to Individuals, he. apprehends it will be as great a Benefit as any Navigation the Witness was ever concerned in; and that there will will be Water sufficient: And,

Mr. Bn ight, also an Engineer, being examined, as to the Expence of making the said Canal, said. He apprehended, it would amount to £. 97,000 or thereabouts, and that the Traffick thereon will very amply answer the Expence.

Mr. Anthony Lax, being examined, said, that £.55,000 and upwards, hath been already subscribed, and that there is not the least Doubt but a Sufficiency will be subscribed in due Time; that it is not a nominal Subscription, but a real one, and that the Subscribers have paid Two Calls already: And being asked, as to the Commodities likely to be carried on the Canal, he mentioned Coal, Lime, Lead, Timber, Corn, and all other Sorts of Goods and Merchandize, and particularly Lime for Manure, which is now carried at a great Expence by Land Carriage, and therefore not near the Quantity used that will be when it can be conveyed by Water.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, through or near Worksop and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near in the County of Nottingham: And that Lord George dish, Mr. Clarke, Sir Cecil IVray, and Mr. Offley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vo l.33.

A Petition of his Grace the Most noble Augifiui Henry Duke of Grafton, and the humble Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds; in the Parish of Pattishall, and in the Hamlets of Raft-

cote, Aftcoie, and Darlefcote, within the same Parish, in the County of Northampton, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to Ihe House, and read i Setting forth; That there are, within the Parish and Liberties of Pattishall and Hamlets aforesaid, several Open and Common Fields; Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are not capable of any great Improvement, but if divided and inclosed, would be advantageous to all Persons interested therein: And thferefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hanmer, and Sir John WrotUfiey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners dnd Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights, in the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures, within the Liberties of Stapleford and Bramcote, in the county of ,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Lands, in the said Open Fields; Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation, not capable of any considerable Improvement r and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed; And therefore praying, That Leave miy be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows; Commons, and Common Pastures, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hanmer and Mr. IVillougkby do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Cradock, Esquire, Ibrd of the Mi-

nor of Gumley, in the County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of Land and Right of Common in the Open and Common Fields of Gumley aforesaid, of Richard Wynne, Clerk*: Rector of the Rectory of Gumley aforesaid, and also of others interested in the said Open and Common Fields, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed; and it would be very advantageous to all the Proprietors of Land and Right of Common therein, to' have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Part thereof allotted, in proportion to their respective Properties; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing; and allotting, the said Open and Common Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Bridget Brudenell , Sir John Palmer, and Mr, John Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Livingston, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of GlaJ'gow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Slrathaven, thereunto subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progressin making and amending the said Roads; and great Sums of Money have been borrowed and applied for that Purpose; but the same cannot be completed and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

M m given

Pattiftull

Inclosure!

Stapleford;

Ac.

Inclosure.

Gumley

Inclosure.

Lmngftoo*

Sec.

Road*.

134

2* Febritarii. A. 177 i.

given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or

that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises

as to the House shall i'ectn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Garlies, Mr. fee.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine, of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Swalcliffe A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of S ivalcliffe, in

incloscre. the County of Oxford ', and of divers Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Parish of aforesaid,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of several Estates, in the Open and Common Fields in the said Parish, which lie dispersed infmall Parcels in and over the said Fields; by Means whereof great Inconveniences arise to the Proprietors, and the bell Advantage cannot be made thereof, in their present Situation; but if the same were inclosed, it would be a great Advantage to the Owners

and Proprietors thereof; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Open and Common Fields, in the said Parish of Szvalcliffe.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord IVentnan and Mr. Page do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Barley. — APetition of Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, on Behalf

(Laws Exp*.) of himself and the other Land Owners in the Stewartry df Orkney and Zetland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Barley of the Growth of Orkney and Zetland Hands, commonly called Bigg, being of an inferior Quality, and unfit for Houshold Uses, or for the Distillery, is totally unfaleable in Britain -, and must be loft, if not permitted to be exported: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for enabling His Majesty, by an Order in Council, to authorize the Exportationofa certain Quantity of Bigg, of the Growth of the Orkney and Zetland Hands, under such restrictions and Limitations as may be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Rathrone, A Petition of Gerald Fitz Gerald, of Rat hr one, in the Lands Qoun*y of Meath, and Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire,

an was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date the 12th of December, in the 36th Year of his Reign, did grant unto Gerald Fitz Gerald, the Petitioner’s Great Uncle, and to his Heirs and Assigns for ever, the Town and Lands of Rathrone, and several other Lands and Tenements, in the Counties of Meath, West Meath, Kildare, and Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, subject to certain Quit Rents; and that, by a Family Settlement, made in the Year 1685, the said Lands of Rathrone, and the other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments^ so granted to the said Gerald Fitz Gerald, were granted to Trustees, and their Heirs, to the Use of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald, for Life; Re-

J mainder, as to the Lands of Rathrone, to Mary his Wife,.

for her Jointure.; Remainder as to all the Lands there*' in comprised, to the First and other Sons of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald in Tail Male; Remainder to Henry Fitz Gerald, the Brother of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald, for Life; Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail.Male; with several Remainders over to others of the Family, with a lteversion to the right Heirs of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald: And that the said Hairy Fitz Gerald was outlawed for High Treason, on account of the Rebellion which happened in the Kingdom of Ireland, in 1688, and his said Estatein Remainder in the *

said Lands (his Brother the said Gerald Fitz Gerald being then and for many Years after living) became vested in the Trustees appointed by the Act of the I ith and 12th of King William the Third, for the Sale of the Forfeited Estates in Ireland-, and that Gerald Fitz Gerald the Younger and Fitz Gerald,

the Sons of the said Henry Fitz Gerald, being Minors, by William Fitz Gerald their next Friend, on the 9th of August, 1700, did make and tender their Claim to the said Trustees, and proved the said Settlement of 1685; and the said Claim was heard and determined, by the said Trustees, on the 23d of March, 1701; and the said Trustees thereupon declared the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Younger and Edward Fitz Gerald, respectively, to be entitled to an Estate in Tail Male in the Lands and Premises comprised in the said Settlement, expectant upon the Death of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Elder and Henry Fitz Gerald, who were both then living; and that the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Elder and Mary his Wife, and the said Henry Fitz Gerald, died many Years ago, and tire said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Elder died without Ifl'ue; and, upon their Death, the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Younger, who was the Eldest Son of the said Henry Fitz Gerald, and was also the Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Elder, entered into, and became seised of, an Estate in Tail Male, of and in the said Lands and Premises, and levied several Fines, and fu fie red several Common Recoveries, of the said Lands and Premises, and afterwards mortgaged the fame; and that the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Younger died in 1729, leaving John his Eldest Son, the Petitioner his Second Son, and Chiftopher his Third Son; and the said died without Issue, soon after the Death of his Father; and thereupon the Petitioner became seised of, and entitled to, the said Lands and Premises, subject to several Incumbrances; and the Petitioner is Grand Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Elder, the Patentee; and the Petitioner hath levied several Fines, and suffered Common Recoveries, of several of the said Lands, and hath become personally liable for several of his Father’s Debts, and also for Debts contracted by himself; and that it being discovered, in 17 64, that the Reversion in Fee, of and in all the Lands and Premises comprised in the said Settlement, expectant upon the Determination of the Estate in Tail Male, vetted in the Sons of the said Henry Fitz Gerald, was become vested in the said Trustees, and by the Act of the ill and 2d Year of the late Queen Anne, in the Crown, subject to the Orders of Parliament; and that the Petitioner having no other Fund for the Payment of the Debts of his Father or his own Debts, and to secure his Liberty, but by Sale or Mortgage of the Lands and Premises in the said Settlement mentioned (for the Purchase whereof no Person would treat or deal with him until the Reversion in Fee thereof was diverted out of the Crown, and vested in the Petitioner) an Act was passed for that Purpose, which extended to several, but not to all the Lands and Hereditaments in the said Settlement mentioned; and that the Petitioner hoped the Value of the Reversion of the Lands in the said former Act mentioned, would have been sufficient to answer the salutary Purposes of the said Act, and to enable the Petitioner to raise Money for the Payment of the Debts of the Petitioner’s late Father and himself, and to secure his Liberty; but the Petitioner finds, that all the Lands and Premises in the said Settlement mentioned must be mortgaged or fold for that Purpose; and that no Person will treat or deal with the Petitioner for the Purchase of such of the Lands in the said Settlement mentioned, as were not included in the said former Act, until the Reversion in Fee thereof shall be diverted out of the Crown, and verted in the Petitioner, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament; and it has been frequent, in such Cases, to shew Favour to Protestant Purchasers and Creditors: And therefore praying,

i i Ge6. Ill* 2* FebruariL t j £

ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for diverting the Reversion in Fee, of and in such of the Lands and Hereditaments in the said Settlement mentioned, as were not included in the said former Act of Parliament, out of His Majesty, and for vesting the same in the Petitioner.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr* Morton and Mr. Hanmer do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

itncy, &c. The Lord iTe'nmanreported from the Committee, Roads. whojy, tjle Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Witney, Curbridge, Bampton, and , in the County of Oxford, and of several other Persons travelling the Road thereinafter mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Collins, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, at the Bottom of Galley Hill, through Curbridge Lew and , to the Cross in

Clanfield, aforesaid, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow, deep, and founderous, and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

That it is proposed to change the Course of Part of the said Road over certain Waste Lands, by which means the Road will be much shorter, and will be made at a much less Expence, than by keeping the present Tradh

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Road, from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford: And that the Lord Wenman and Mr. Page do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had direcded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table Where thd same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hundred Ninety-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great,

for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Six hundred and Sixty-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Seventeen thousand Eight hundred Fifty-eight Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, VOL. 33.

That a‘Sum, not exceeding Cine tliouiand Two hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced* and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight-Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay, for Three hundred and Sixty-five Days, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, to Officers reduced with the Tenth Company of several Battalions, reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the Twenty-fourth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally pet thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Richard Earl Temple, and the humble K-nightcotl* Petition of several of the Proprietors and Owners of inciofure. Lands, Tithes, and Commons, lying in the Open and Common Fields of Knightcott and Northend, in the Pari lb of Burton Daffet, in the County of Warwick, was pre<-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners arefeifedof several Estates in the said Open and Common Fields* which lie intermixed, and dif-perled in and over the fame; and that the Occupation thereof in their present State is attended with great Expence, which will be greatly lessened by an Inclosure; and that the same will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, if the same were inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing thd fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that. Mi*;

Page, Mr. Skipwith, artd Sir Roger Nexvdigate, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. -.

I ... ..

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and princi- Clerkenwell pal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, (St-John) was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, avInS’ That the said Parish is large and populous; and that the Streets are ill paved and lighted, and much adnoyed with Spouts and Gutters, and rendered incommodious by Ports and Projections, and not sufficiently cfeanfed; and that the said Parish is one of the Parishes erected in consequence of an Act of the 9th of Queeii and*

though regularly erected into a Parish, as the said Act requires, yet, by reason of the Refusal of diet inhabitants of the old Parish to meet and agree for the Division of the Parodhial Rates, as required by a subsequent Act made in the Tenth Year of her said Majesty’s Reign, the Separation of the said'Parishes has never yet been effected; and that, until liuch Separation shall be made effectual and perpetual, the Petitioners are unable to appoint Scavengers, and labour under many other Inconveniences: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the final and perpetual Separation of the said Pari (lies, pursuant to the Intention of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her said Majesty, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Parish of Saint John, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Afilcy, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Ste.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock; in the Speaker’s.-Cham-. ber;

2 9 Februarii. ’ 177L

ber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fewer* A Petition of James Cranmer, of in the County of Surrey, Esquire, and others. Proprietors of Mills and Lands in the Counties of Kent and , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That the Petitioners apprehend, that the Commissioners for the Limits extending from in the County of Kent, to East in the County of

Suney, acting under a Commission issued in the First Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, by virtue of an Act of the 23d Year of King Henry the Eighth, have acted in some Cafes improperly, by taxing Lands not within their Jurisdiction, nor in any Manner subject to their Controul; and that several Regulations respecting the said Commission seem to the Petitioners necessary to be made: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Dean'* A Petition of Richard Cox, Esquire, John Yard, Esquire, and other Mortgagees on the Houses and Ef-eftaunfler. jafCS situate in and near Dean's Yard, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, to enable the Reverend William Markham, Doctor of Laws, and Thomas Sal, Esquire, to build Houses, and open a Square, in and upon a certain Piece of Ground, called Dean's Yard, Westminster, and certain Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto; in pursuance whereof, an Agreement was entered into, between the said Dr. Markham and Thomas , of the one Part, and Samuel Cox, Esquire, of the other Part; reciting, That the said Samuel Cox had undertaken to raise so much Money as should be sufficient for the Purposes of buying in the several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, requisite for carrying the said Scheme into Execution, for renewing the several'Leases under which such Estates were then held, for defraying the other Charges and Expences of carrying the said Scheme into Execution, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; and that, by virtue, and under the Powers and Authorities of the said Act and Agreement, the said Samuel Cox did purchase divers Estates, within the Limits described by the said Act; and built, or caused to be built, many substantial Dwelling Houses on the Ground fopurchased, and on Ground held of the said Dean and Chapter for very short Terms of Years; and hath borrowed divers large Sums of Money, on the Security of the said Estates, Houses, and Ground; but, by reason of the Scarcity of Money, and other unforeseen Causes, the said Samuel Cox was not able, within the Term of Five Years limited by the said Act, nor hath hitherto been able, to finish all the Houses so built, nor to make all the Purchases requisite for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and therefore hath not, nor could obtain, from the said Dean and Chapter, any Leases, or make any Exchanges with them; and that divers Builders are now willing to finish the Houses already built, and to proceed in completing the said Square and Streets, or the greatest Part thereof, pursuant to the Intentions of the said Act, provided the Powers given by such Act, for making proper Purchases, and for granting Leases for Ninety-nine Years, and the other Powers in the said Act mentioned, are revived, and veiled in proper Persons, to be named for that Purpose; and without which, the Petitioners and the said other Mortgagees are likely to be very considerable Sufferers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting to such Person or Persons as the House shall think fit to

sfppoint, and also to the said Dean and Chapter, and to all other Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, such further Time, for making such other Purchases, granting such Leases, and making such Exchanges, and for carrying the Scheme or Intention and Purposes of the said Act into Execution, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Kynajtoli, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to, fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

A Petition of Sir John S' Aubyn, Baronet, was pre- . Stoke fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Damaretf Sir William Moritc, late of Werringt in the County rl ®e*

of Devon, Baronet, deceased, did, by his last Will, dated the 5th Day of December 1744, give and devise all his Manor, Lord ship, Advowson, and Rectory, of Stoke Damaretl, in the County of Devon, and all his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Stoke Damaretl, unto Trustees therein named, for a Term of 200 Years* without Impeachment of Waste, upon Trust, by and out of the Rents and Profits, or by Sale or Mortgage of the Premises, or otherwise, to raise and levy One Moiety of such Debts,

Legacies, and Annuities, as are therein mentioned; and, after the Determination of the said Term of 200 Years-, unto th*e Petitioner, his Nephew, for Life, Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs, during his Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders therein afteir limited; and, after his Death, unto the First and every other Sen of his Body lawfully issuing, successively, iri Tail Male; Remainder to John Molesworth, now Sir John Molesworth, and Nephew of the said Testator;

for his Life, and, after his Death, to his First and every other Son successively in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over, and with the Remainders or Reversion in Fee to the right Heirs of the Testator; and that the said Testator died some Time after making his said Will, and the Petitioner hath been from that Time in Possession of the said Estate so devised to him for the Term of his Life; and that, upon Part of the said Premises, there had been an ancient Ferry, in which the Petitioner, as Devisec, was interested; and that, it being thought adviseable to build a Bridge instead of the Ferry, an Act has been obtained for that Purpose; which Bridge, when built, was thereby veiled, in equal Moieties, in Lord Edgecombe and the Petitioner, for ever, as Tenants in common, and that they should Hand and be seised thereof, and the Tolls thereby granted, to such and the same Ul'es, Trusts, and Estates, and subject to the same Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Tenures, Rents, and Incumbrances, as the said Ferry then was, or should and would have been, subject and liable to be charged with, and affected by, in case the same had remained and continued; and that Lord Edgecombe and the Petitioner have, at their joint Expence, built the said Bridge; and, in the doing thereof, the Petitioner hath expended very confiJerabie Sums of Money, and much more than there is any Probability of being repaid in his Lifetime by the Tolls and Duties to be collected under the Powers of the said Act; and that in regard the Petitioner hath but an Estate for Life in a Moiety of the said Bridge, the Petitioner will be a very great Sufferer by the said Undertaking, unless he be empowered to charge his Interest in the said Bridge and Estate, so limited, with a competent Sum of Money: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill with proper Powers, to enable the Petitioner to

charge

ii Geo. III. 2° — :4° Febntarii. 137

charge upon the said Estate, so limited to him for hii Life, the several Sums of Money by him advanced for the Purposes of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it; shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and ‘Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 4*;

Anno n* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1771.

Praters.

T jEnryRenner took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Macartney’s Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to ’Will. Order, a Bill for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of Francis Esquire,

deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hodges, Mr. Vernon presented to the House, according to

&c* Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from

Road. a piacc cai|ed Hodges, in the Parish of Mayfield, to Beadles Hill, in the Parish of Lindfield, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and the Road branching out of the same at Beadles Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Lindfield', and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road between the Towns of Cuckfield and Crawley, over Saint Leonard’s For eft, to the Town of all in the County of Suffer: And the same was received; and read ' the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Spcrnal Alh An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road. of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sferual Ash, in the County of Warwick, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash in the County of Warwick, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham.

Ordered, That the Earl of Cat her lough do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t

Bermondicy Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to and whom the Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish Paring* ^a*nt Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of *' Surrey, whose Names are thereuto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Vol. 33.

Act, made in' the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, was read; by which Act the Commissioners are impowered* at their Discretion, to rate Churches, Church Yards, Chapels, Meeting Houses, Schools, Warehouses, Prisons, and all public Buildings, and ail Dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, at a Rate not exceeding 6 d. for every Square Yard: And,

Mr. William Drew, being examined, laid. That the Rates are made Half Yearly, and the Parish of Bermondsey have boen Charged and have paid for the Church and Church Yard of Bermondsey, jf. 25 each Half Year; that he lives upon the Spot, and never saw any Pavement repaired there: He heard Yesterday, there had been about One Yard in Length and Two Yards in Breadth, paved before the Gate going into the Church Yard.

That, in the Western Division, they make the Rate on Churches and other public Buildings, by running superficial Measure from the Church Yaid to the Center of the Street, as the Paviours do; and this is the Mode of Taxation both at St. George’s Church tod St. Thomas's Hospital; but that in the Baftern Division (which contains the Parish of Bermondsey) they tax both Church and Church Yard; and that the Church of St. Olive's is rated in the same Manner.1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of . His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets tod Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cfeanfing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the equal Taxation of all Churches, Church Yards, public Buildings, Dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, comprised within the Limits of the said Act.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Liverpooli, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pennant, Sir William Meredith, 8i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the lame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to the CotiunilfioneTs of Sewers, which, if passed into a Law as it now stands, will be detrimental to the Petitioners, and deprive them of several of the Powers veiled in ihem, for the Benefit of the Public, in and by the said Act, and will in a great Measure defeat the due Execution thereof: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the passing the said Bill into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

N n Ordered,

Liverpool

Theatre.

Sewers: —

Southwark

Paving.

138 4 0 Februarii<A. 1771.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-fl deration of the Committee,:to whom the Bill to ex-lain and amend so much of an Act, made in the ixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and, Lanes within jthe Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts,; Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

ftether The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Wyerfd*Ie to Order, a BUI for dividing and inclosing Bamiker Moon lnclcsure. wJt.l>in the Manor of Nether Wyerf dale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time. - . <:

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

li

Mutiny, Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-, 4cc: cording to Order, a Bill, to continue an Act, made in

' menca.) jjJC ]a^- Sgfljofj Qf Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made tn the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in,

an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sewers:-- A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of ^Faviue. Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of

Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleaning, lighting, and watching, the lame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein, as relates to the Com-inifTioners of Sewers; and representing to the House, that the present Number of Commissioners appointed to put the said Act in Execution are not sufficient for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That an additional Number of, Commissioners may be appointed in the Bill now depending.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to teceive a Clauft for enlarging the Number of Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution.

Birmingham Ordered, That Mr. John Meredith do attend this

Caoal. House upon Wednesday Morning next, when the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, to make and complete the said Canal, to a Field called Newhell adjoining to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, within a Time to be limited, was committed; is appointed to be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the proper OfEcer do attend this

House, at the- same Time, with the Books of Orders and Proceedings of the said Company of Proprietors.

Mr. Sutton, from the Office of one of His Majesty’s Falkland’* Principal Secretaries of State, presented to the House,-pursuant to their Addresses to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Wey* mouth, to Mr'. Harris, N° io, dated Saint James's, 12th September 1770; by Potter:And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto) (without Number) dated Saint James's, 12th September 1770 s And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, N4 nv dated Saint James's, 17th October 1770; by Putter: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, Secret,

N° .12,dated Saint James's, 17th October 1770; by Putter: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, N® 15, dated Saint James's, 23d November 1770: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, N° 16, dated Saint James's, 28 th November 177c; by Lauzun

to Paris, and by Coates from thence: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Rockford to Mr. Harris, dated Saint James's, 21st December 1770; by Otto: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Saint James's, 18th January 1771 (without Number):

And also,

N° 9. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Harris to Lord Viscount. Weymouth, N® 54, dated llJcfonfo, 23d August 1770; received 10th September 7 And also,

- N" io.- Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Saint Ildefonfo,28 th September 17 70; received 8 th Oc-

tober; by Potter:And also,

N° it. Copy of Mr. Harris's Letter to Marquis Grimaldi, dated Saint Ildefonfo, 25 th September 1770:

And also,

N° 12. Translation of the said Letter: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Harris to Lord Viscount Weymouth, N® 64, dated 7th Novem-

ber 1770; received 19th November-,by Potter: And also,

N° 14. Copy and Translation of Lord Viscount Weymouth's Letter to Mr. Harris, N° 11, dated,

17th October 1770; delivered by Mr. Harris to Marquis de Grimaldi.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Mr. Bttller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to His Majesty,

N° 1. Ext raft of a Letter from Captain ,who

commanded His Majesty’s late Sloop the Swift, to Mr.

Stephens, dated Port Egmont, the 5th of March 1770:

And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Captain //»*/, Commander of the Tamar Frigate, to Mr. Stephens, dated in Plymouth Sound, the 3d of June 1770; inclosing,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Don

Puenta to Captain Hunt, dated at the Island of Maluiua, the 30th of November 1769.

N° 4. Copy of another Letter from Don Philip Ruez Puenta to Captain Hunt, dated the same Day.

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Captain Hunt to Don Philip Ruez Puenta, dated Port Egmont, the 10th of December 1769.

N° 6. Copy of a Protest made by Don Mario Plata, in Diamenta Bav, dated tlx: 10th of December 1769.

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Don Philip Ruez Puenta to Captain Hunt, dated at the Island of Maluiua, the 12th of December 1769.

N® 3.

11 Geo. III.

4® — -50 Fe

*39

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Captain Hunt to Dotl Philip Ruez Puenta, dated' at Pert the

’ - 16th of December 1769.

N° 9. Copy of a Protest made by Don Mario Pla* ' ta, dated Port Egmont, the 18th of December

1769.

N° 10I Copy of a Letter from -Don Rubalcavato Captain Hunt, dated the loth of

February 1770." ' -

N® 11-. Copy of a Lcttet from Captain Hunt to D<Jh

H® 2,9. Copy of an Accodnt of Stores', teceived. from Captain by1 Philip Lopez de

Caffizoza, dated Port Egmont, the 14th of July

177°*. . '

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

And the said Papers were also-read.

And the Papers this Day presented to th* ^louse by.

Mr. Sutton wete also read; ' >V «- .

The Housewas moved, that the AddrefleS of this Fernando de Rubalcava, dated PbrtEgtnont, the Houfa to His Majesty^Hpon'ir/^ the 45th Day of 20th of February 1770: And also,: uuary kft, might be read, - ':

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Captain William Malt* And the same being read accordingly n. v by, of His Majesty’s Frigate th cFaVorite, to Mr/ Ste- OThat the said Papens- do tie upon, the Table*

phens, dated at the Mother Bank, the 22d of September to be peruied by the Members of the House.

1770; inclosing, The said Papers are preserved amongst the Other . f

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from John Ignacio Mada- -Papers of this Seffiom - < '

riaga to Captain Maltby, dated in Cruizada Bay, t

the 8th of June 1770. A Motion was made, and the Question being put,:

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from Captain Maltby, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, lfl*" *

: of the- Favorite, to the Spanish Gommo&oxkj dated that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions,

Port Egmont, the 8th of June 1770. 1 that this House be informed, whether the Court of

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from Captain Maltby to France did interfere in the late. Negotiation with the the Spanish Commodore, dated Port Egmont, the Court of Spain, relating to the Restitution of:

9th of June 1770: And also, Islands; and, in case the said-Court did so-interfere, then

N° 16. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Farmer to that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to dire#, that Mr. Stephens, ‘ dated on board the Favorite, the 2id of there be laid before this House, an Account of dll Trans-September 1770"; inclosing, actions between His Majesty’s Ministers and the Mini*

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from the Spanish Commo- fters of the French King, relative to the said Negocia-dore John Ignacio Madariaga to Captain Far- tion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

mer, dated in the Bay of Cruizada, the* 8th of June 1770.

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Captain Farmer to John Ignacio Madariaga, dated Port Egmoiit, the 8th of June 1770.

N° i 9. Copy of a Letter from the Spanish Commodore, John Ignacio Madaria, to Captains Farmer and Maltby, dated in Bay, the 9th

of June 1770.

Tellers for the H

..... }

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

(Mr. Onslow, ’(Lord Strange:

173-

Ordered, That the Pliers presented to the House by d®.

N° 20. Copy of a Letter from the Spanish Commo- the Lord North, upon Friday the 25th Day of January

dore to Captains Farmer and Maltby, dated in Cruizada Bay, the 9th of June 1770.

N°2i. Copy of a Letter from Captain Farmer to the Spanish Commodore, dated Port Egmont, the 9 th of June 1770.

N° 22. Copy of a List of Officers, Sailors, Marines,

Soldiers, Guns, and their Calibre, on Board the ' Frigates of the Squadron under the Command of the Commodore and Major General of the Royal Forces in the Expedition against Port

Egmont.

N® 23. Copy of the Articles of Capitulation, between Captains Farmer and Maltby, Command- railing the Supply granted to His Majesty ers of His Britannic Majesty’s Forces by Sea and Land, at

last, be taken into Consideration upon Seven-

night, the 13th Day of this Instant February:

t

The Orders of the Day being read;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

Fort Egmont and Falkland's Islands, and- Don John Ignacio Major General of the Royal Navy of his Catholic Majesty, dated the 10th of 1770.

N® 24.. Copy of a Certificate, from Juan Baptisla Altoloquhre, of the 'Stores left by the English

' in Port Egmont, dated the nth of June 1770.

N® 25. Copy of an Account of Stores, Provisions, idc, received from Captain Farmer, at Port Egmont, by Don Joseph Feanes, dated the nth of July 1770: And also, !

N® 26. Copy of a Letter from Captain Maltby to Mr. Stephens, dated at Portsmouth, the 5 th of 1770;

inclosing,

N° 27. Copy of a Receipt, from Don Fernando de Rubalcava, for Stores had by him for the Use of the Saint Catharine Frigate, dated the 20th of June 1770.

N® 28. Copy of an Account of Stores received from Captain Maltby, by Don Joseph dated

Port Egjnont, the 11 th of July 1770. . -

‘ VOL. 33.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mar Its, 5* dieFebruarii;

Anpo ii* Georgii III"' Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

S\RpER ED, That all have Voices, who come to Voices. the Committee, to whom the Petition of the honourable George Baillie, Esquire, of Jervifwood; Sir John Pater Jon, of Eccles-, Sir John Stewart, of bank; Sir Robert Pringle, of Stitehell; Sir Alexander Purves, of v Purves; Sir Alexander Don, of Newton, Baronets; John Swinton, Junior, of Swinion; George Buchan, of Kel/o; David Gavin, of Langtowt; Patrick

Home,

*4<5

5° Fehructrii.

HomE of Wtdderbwn; G Clerk to the Signet, William Robertson, of Ladykbk; Thomas of Rowchester; Captain Da Horn*, of Paxton; Archbald

Swinton, of Manderflon; Robert of;

James Lorain, of Ahgefrazo; John Renton, of;

Robert Robettfon, of Brow John of Cfg/--terbank; George Gordon, of Gordonbapk',. John Mow, of Mains; John Lumfdame, of Charles Trank, of

Bughtrig; John Fordyce, of George Trotter, of Bel-,

shifter i Edward Majoribatiks, oi Lees -, John Watfott, of

Over mains; Walter Ker, Junior, of John

Spottifwood, of Spoitifwood j jM# Carre, of, Nijbett;

Haig, of Bemerftde; and Ftrriar, of Golding-knowi, Manures j is refer red.

Xn«w(boro»jh, Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for: repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the Coifnty

of Y«r*; by Long Flatt , Fields, -

£y, AUerton, Mankverer, and Sr/rfe Afoer, to Greenham-merton, in the same County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road:. And the same was received; and read the Tim Time.

htfebvedy That Ithe Bill be read a Second Time.

I'adcaster Mf. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, accord* Road, ing jo Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, nfade in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from the Town of Fade after, through Hare wood,

thing! on, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York j And the same was received; and read the pirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.,

N*w The House was moved. That the Order made upon 5!"° Tuesday last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon 00‘ Thursday the 14th-Day of this Irtstant February, the Enquiry into the Tradfactions ofi the Society aftuming the Name of The Christian at the Borough of New

Shoreham, in the County of Sttffex, might be, read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Older be drfebarged.

Ordered, That the said Inquiry be beard, at the Bar of this House,- upon MondaySevennight, the 18th. Dap of this Instant Feb> nary.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House, upon the said 14th Day of February, do attend this House, upon: Monday Ssevennight, the 18th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That John Partington the Younger, do attend this House, at tbd fatqp Time, with all the Books and Papers belonging to the said Society, or which any wife relate'.to their Transactions.

r „

Oxford Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Mileways. petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford, and she Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Oxford; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Otfwd fa& Bncks, "whole Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said First-mentioned Petition(noEvrtlence having beenproduced in Support of the said Second-mentioned Petition) and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table 1 Where the same was read;' and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.' John Tovinjkend, being examined, said. He live$. near Magdalen Bridge at Oxford, and is a Mafpn and Builder: — That the Mile Ways, East of the City of leads ing to Marston, Cotvle, and Dorchester, and about Half of that leading to Heddingat>d One of the North to 8

1,

Kidd no ion, are not included in an)’ Turnpike Act,; and are all in bad Repair, particularly those to Marston and Cowley, — that the Laws in being are not sufficient to repair them j — that a Tax is levied by an Act of Queen Elizabeth for that Purpose upon the Lands near the City, which is applied by the fjniverlity and Ciorpdration, as the Act directs^that the annual Aniodnt of it, in the Eastern District, is about £. 35; — Being asked, if he had made any Estimate of what it would cost td repair the said 3 Miles and aq Half Eastwatd of the Qity ? he said.

He had qot, but. that the Dorch Mile had been repaired by Subscription, and the Expence was upwards 300: That it will cost as much to repair each-of the other Mile Ways, except Marston, which will, be more expenfiveBeing asked, if the Parishqs, in which the said Mile Ways lay had done any Statute Labour oi$ them ? be faith, They had not, and that he did not know they, we^e obliged to do any-That all the Mile Ways are only a Angle Track; and that leading to Heddington, is a hollow Way-.

; And being further examined, lie.said, That the Entrance to the City of Oxford, through Sf Clement's, is very narrow and incommodious: That he has lately surveyed Magdalen Bridge, which is neaj600 Feet long: — that it is in one Place zfj Feet wide, and in another only

j 3; — that it is in very bfd Repair, and tli$ late Floods have broke into forne of, the Piers; -and that it is inr great Danger of being blown up: — That many of the Arches are done with Rough.Stone, whichpfe very bad; — that it is at present very unsafe, and incapable of being repaired-that One Third Part of if is a County Bridge, and the Passage over the Remainder has been paved by the City, but he did not know that the City had any Fund for that Purpose; — that to rebuild the Bridge will cost about £. 6,000.

_ That the Roads from the Bridge through the Streets, which are Thoroughfares to the great Roads leading to Wor after, Gloucester, Birmingham, Bath, Abingdon, New- *

bury, and Southampton, are badly paved, and in some places very narrow, particularly at the East Gate, the North Gate, Round Holloway, and at Church,

where the Passage is dangerous: — That the said Streets are much incommoded and obstructed by Nuisances, particularly in the Butcher Row, where the Shambles Hand in the Middle of the Street, and in the High Street where a Market is held: — That the Turning by the Conduit, opposite Carfax Church, is a very dangerous one, and he has known many Accidents happen there: — That all the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Pillages in ford^. want paving, cleaning, and lighting, and have many Nuisances, Incroachments, and Annoyances therein.

Mr. James Morrell, an Attorney at Oxford, and Steward to several of the Colleges there, laid, That the contingent Tenure of the College Estates is productive of many Inconveniences: — That it would be a very great Advantage to all Bodies Corporate within the said Uni-yerlity and City, if they were im powered to alienate their Estates, as it would encourage Persons to rebuild or repair their Houses.

Thomas Walker, Esquire, confirmed Mr. Morrell's

Evidence, and also the Evidence given by Mr. jhend ,with respect to the Mile Ways, the Entrance into the City through St. Clement's, the Roads from the Bridge,

the incommodious Condition of the Streets, Lanes,

and Passages in general, and the great Inconvenience of the present Manner of holding the Markets; — and he further added; That as Town Clerk, he makes up the Accounts of die Surveyors of the Mi!s-Ways annually; that they have always been returned in Debt, and always have been, and now are very bad; — that One, i£ not Two, are at . present under Indictment-He remembered Heddington and Marston Roads being indicted, when each of them paid a Fine of . 50: — That the Mite Way at the Western Road was amended by Subscription, and cost £.630,;♦ — that it is now Part of a Turnpike — that upon the Fund of 4 </. per Yard Land,

ii Geo. IIL 5* Februariu 141 1

and the Statute Labour being reported insufficient to ‘keep the Dorchester Mile Way in Repair, the Sum of £. 308. 6/. 6 d.was raiserfby Subscription, which was all laid out upon it, except £. 39, which was expended upon Magdalen Bridge: — That Mile Way wilt

cost a great deal of Money to repair it: — That he believes Part of Marston Mile Way is to be repaired by private Tenure, but that it is now One of die worst Roads iij the County: — That the Mile Way Tax is always collected and laid out, and the Accounts verified by the Surveyors upon Oath, if required, and then being signed by the Vice Chancellor and Mayor, are lodged in the Town Clerk’s Office; and that he believes there is a Debt of £. 17 on One of the Eastern Roads at this Time: — That as to the Turnpike Roads, of which the other Mile Ways make a Part, he said, that the Tolls, assisted by the Statute Duty and Mile Way Tax, are insufficient to keep them in Repair And being asked,

who he apprehended ought to repair Magdalen Bridge be said, That about One Fourth of it is within the County of Oxford, and the Remainder within the City, which they include in their Perambulation, but he does not know that they are therefore bound to repair it: — That he knows of no Law than can oblige them to do it;

' that they have no Fund for it; and are far from being able to do it: — That the Parishes in which the Eastern Mile Ways lie have other Road to repair; — and he concluded his Evidence with saying, That none of the Inconveniences stated in the Petition, can be remedied by the Laws now in force.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual amending such of the Roads as belong to, and are Part of, the Mile Ways leading to the University and City of O, and which are not made a Part of any Turnpike Road; for the making a commodious Entrance into the said University and City, through the Parish of Bridgefet, commonly called Saint Clement; for the widening, repairing/or rebuilding, the Bridge called Magdalen; for making a fate and

commodious Road from the said Bridge, through the University and City aforesaid, to join the great Roads leading to Worcester, Gloucester,

Abingdon, Newbury, Southam, and other Places; for cleansing and lighting the ' Streets,’ Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint; for remov-

ing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said City; for impowering Colleges and Corporations, to alienate their Estates there; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Sir Roger

Newdigate, Mr. JenkinfonColonel Harcourt, Mr. Morton, Mr. Barrow, and Mr. Alexander Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kirkby Sir John Palmer, presented to the House, according to Mallory Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields Inclosure. and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Reading, Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to *: Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual,

°* -several Acts for repairing the Highways between the 1 Bear Inn in Reading, ana Puntfeld, in the County of Berks, and other Roods in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Highway between a House in hamland, in the Occupation of Edward Sheppard, and the West End of the Highway by the said Acts directed to be repaired; and also the Highway from Boston Lane to Pangborne, in the said County: And the same was received; and r^ad the First Time.

Refobved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vo*.. 33:

Mt. Hopkins reported from the Committee-, to whom WhirchutcH, the Bill- for dividing and inclosing the Open and.Com- In^ofQ,e* mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of id

the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bil), and found the same to be true; and that the Parries com ' cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors, of 'about 360 Acres of Land, who were against the l,n-closure; and also except the Proprietors of about 416 Acres; who, being applied 'to, did not chiffe to sign th6 Bill, but made no Objection, to the Ittclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inejofed arse r,9T3 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Owners of the Great and Small Tithes within the said Fields, whose Property is computed to be equal to 300 Acres, or thereabouts, had signed the Bill; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)-; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bil.l^ and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughoutand then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the Monntfield, Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living ip of °* near the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, at a certain Place called Vinehall, in the Parish of Mountfielda in the County of Sussex, to a certain Place called Cripps’s Corner, and from thence to Staple in the Parish of Ewkurst, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beck-ley, in the said County; and from Staple Cross aforesaid, to a certain Bridge called Bodiham Bridge, and through the Parish of Bodiham, to Longley’s Water Corn Mill, at or near Kent Ditch; and from Crip Corner aforesaid, through the Parishes of Brede and Udimore, to the ancient Town of Rye, in the said County, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is 4s followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Stapley, being examined, said, That the above described Road is, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil thereof, and many heavy loaded Carriages passing thereon, become very ruinous and bad; and in the Winter Season, the greatest Part thereof is quite impassable; and that it cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road- at Vinehall, in the Parish of Moantfield, in the County of Sussex, to Cripps's Corner; and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley; and from Staple Cross to Longley’s Water Corn Mill at Kent Ditch; and from Cripps’s Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harcourt, and Jvfr.

Norris, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Or- Grundy’* der, a Bill to enable Thomas Grundy, and his Ilfue Male, Name, to take and use the Surname of Swinfen: And the same was received; and read the I'irft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

O o A Bill

142

5° — 6° Februarii. A. 1771,

Stole* Ferry. A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands Dtabaer. an^ L°w Grounds, in the Parishes of S,tyke Ferry, lVret-ton, Wereham, West Dereham, and in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward AJlley. Sir Simeon Stuart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

68^ft0ry ^he

Clive reported from the Committee, to n whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of and of several Gen-

tlemen, Freeholders and others, whole Names are there-.under written, on Behalf of themselves and the red of the Inhabitants of the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and, afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that certain Persons therein described, who should advance the Sum of /. 20 by Free Gift, towards carrying on and completing the Purposes of the said Act, should be Trustees for putting the same in Execution, with such Powers and Authorities as are thereby given and granted: — But no Power is given by the said Act to raise Money for the Purposes thereof, by any Rate or Toll, or by any Me- thod, but by such voluntary Subscription: And

Mr. John Gywnne, Architect, laid, That the old Bridge had been taken down, and a temporary Bridge Built, and several other Works done by Direction of the said Trustees.

Mr. William Jones produced an Account of the Money which had been received by voluntary Subscription, amounting to/. 7,862. 13 4! d. and of the Expenditure

thereof) by which it appeared, that the Money remaining in Hand amounted to the Sum of £. 600 or thereabouts; and he said, That the Money had been duly applied, and that the new Bridge cannot be completed, and the Act fully executed, unless some Power is given to raise Money for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury, to raile Money for building the said Bridge, and for carrying the several Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and that the Lord Clive and Mr. Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

V or, other Proceedings of this House, or of any Cora-

" mittee thereof.

" Resolved, Nentine cohtradicenie, That, upon Disco?

" very of the Authors, Printers, or Publishers, of any " l’uch written or printed Newspaper; this House will " proceed against the Offenders* with the utmost Severity." . '

Ordered, That, the said Resolutions be printed in the Votes of this Day.

The Order of the Day being read*

, The House was called over; and the Frames of such c.Jl Members as made Default to appear, were taken down; *>< il»e And the Lift of the Defaulters being called over* fe- *loo,'e* veral of them appeared; and several of them were excused; some upon account of their own Illness, or of their near Relations; and some as being Abroad.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have ipiade Default to appear, and have pot been excused, be . called over upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Town, without Leave of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write to such Sheriffs Speaker* and Stewards of the several Counties in Great Britain, Letter, as have neglected to (end an Account to him of what they have done in obedience to the Circular Letters written by Mr. Speaker, by Order of this. House, upon Tuesday the 22d Day of Januarylaft, which directed such Sheriffs and Stewards to summon the Representatives of their several Counties and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament on this 5th Day of FebruaryInstant.

A Copy of which Letter is as follows viz.

SIR,

From the House of Commons, 5th February 1771.

By the Command of the House of Commons, 1 wrote to you on the 22d of last Month, acquainting you, that immediately upon the Receipt thereof, you was to.sum-ruon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament, on Tuesday the 5th of this Instant February, and to fend me an Account of the Receipt of my Letter, and your Proceedings thereon: But having received no Answer from you, the House has commanded me to write to you again. I am, therefore, in obedience to the Order of the House, to require you to fend me such Account; and I hope you will be able to give some Reason for this seeming Neglect.

I am,

Sir,

Your, humble Servant,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Pitchford’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Name, to enable Captain Samuel Pitchford, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Sir Samuel Cornish, deceased, pursuant to his Will j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of ' this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

»’ Flr Norton, Speaker.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 6° d Februarii;

Newspaper*. The House was moved, that the Resolutions of the House, of the 26th Day of February 1728, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly j and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That it is an Indignity to, and a Breach of the Privilege of, this House, " for any Person to presume to give, in written or printed * Newspapers, any Account or Minutes of the Debates

Anno 11# Georgii III'" Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

THE House being informed,-nhat' Mr. Camplin, African from the Committee of the Company of Mer- Company, chants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; ai d, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direct ions of an Act of Parliament;

’ A Paper,

i i Geo. III. 6° Februdrii.

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1769.: The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every Article Of Expence under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read;

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Tables to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. _

tyight, Mr. Sloane reported from the Committee; to Whdm . (Me of) the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Me of Wight) in the County of , was'

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was: read.

And Notice being taken, that the said Committee had not reported their Opinion to the House, upon the Matter contained in the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Report be re‘-cothmitted to the Committee, to Whom the said Petition was referred.

My ton . Ordered, That Mf. C be added to the Gentle-

lndofote. men> who are appointed to prepare* and bring in,

Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Pdr-L ter, Thomas Broadley, and Joseph , Esquires, and of

the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; having Cattle Gates in a certain Common Pasture, or Piece of Ground, called Myton , in the Lordship of Mvton, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon

Hull.

Collinghim, Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to

Jtoad wh°m the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-oa " chants. Freeholders, Traders, and others, inhabiting in the City of York and County of the same City, the Town

of Wetherby, and the West Riding of the County of York, and also of the Owners of Lands lying between York and Wetherby aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s. Table L Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Collins, being examined, said. That the Road leading from Collin*ham, through Wetherby,

and Acomb, to the City of York, is, by reason of the Narrownels thereof in many Places, and from the Nature of the Soil, become very deep and ruinous, and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being:

And further said, That the putting the said Road in sufficient Repair, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Corn Markets of the City of York and Town of Wetherby, and to the Trade and Commerce carried on in those Places, and that Part of the Country in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York: And that Mr. Darnel Lascelles, Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. Wilkinfun, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hetton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Pastures Inclosur*. an(j Open Fields, within the Township of Hetton, in the Parish of Burnfal, and West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel VOL. 33.

Lascelles,' Mr. Ryder, &c;: And they ate to meet thir Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, , Hill-Meadows, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor Croome and Parish of Hill-Croome, in the County of Wore eft er, ncoure‘ was read a.Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coven,-, try, Mr. Howard, See.: And they are to meet this Af-. ternoon, at Five of the' Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee, to Alconbory whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament, for repairing and ’ amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place, called the White Post, on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the said County, called the North Division of the North Road, and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, whole Nantes are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Crichloe Turner, being examined, said, That the Trustees have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 3,000 on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which is now due and unpaid; and that the said Roads cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place, called the White Post, on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the said County, called the North of

the North Road', and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of And that the Lord Ludlow, Mr, Lascelles, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Order, Oxford a Bill for the more effectual amending such of th? Roads Mileway*, as belong to, and are Part of, the Mile Ways leading to the University and City of Oxford, and which are not made a Part of any Turnpike Road; for the making a commodious Entrance into the said University and City, through the Parish of Bridgefet, commonly called Saint Clement-, for the widening, repairing, or rebuilding, the Bridge called Magdalen Bridge; for making a fair and commodious Road from the said Bridge, through the University and City aforesaid, to join the great Roads leading to Worcester, Gloucester, Birmingham, Banbury,

Abingdon, Newbury, Southampton, and other Places; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint; for re-

moving Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said City; for impowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; and for other Purposes: And the same was received;

.and-read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Richard Willis, Esquire, the Devifce of Reading, Daniel Rich, Esquire, deceased, and of Daniel D'Anvers &c.

Rich, Cantl-

144 o8 — 70 A. 1771.

Esquire, the Son and Heir of the said Daniel Rick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill For making a Navigable Cut, or Canah from Reading in the County of Berks, to Monkey in the said County; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Scheme should be executed, the said Canal will be carried through the Garden or Pleasure Ground adjoining to the Mansion House of the said Daniel Rick, deceased, which will be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Petition, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an lnftroftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the First-mentioned Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Skipbndge, Lord John Cavendijk presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of °* an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge, to Boroughb, in the County of York: Apd the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sewrrt; Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-Souci.wirk m it tee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much *v,ng‘ of an Act, made in the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers, is committed.

Huntingdon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wm. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the Right honourable John Montagu, commonly . called Lord Viscount Hinwho, Since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold.

Mutiny, A Bill to continue an Act made in the last Session of . &c: . Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made - menca*l in the, last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mu*-tiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the (kid Bill.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

8

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordet oif the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, Me*n,‘ to consider further of Ways knd Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mdrn-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

The other Order oFthe Day being read; . *

The House proceeded to take into further Considera- Bh-minginal tion the Report, which was made front the Committee, to Canal, whom-the Bill to oblige the Company of Proprietors of thtBkmingham Canal Navigation, to complete the said'

Canal, to> a Field called Newhall Ring, adjoining to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, within a Time to be limited, was committed. \

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, on Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of certain Manufacturing Mills,- in the Neighbourhood of Birmingham; and also, the Petition: of several Owners of Messuages, Dwelling-hpufes, and, Buildingp, erected and (landing upon the Estate of Charles Colmore, Esquire, in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and of the Tenant* and Occupiers; of the fame, were also read.

And the Counsel for the First and Third mentioned Petitions (rto Counsel appearing in Behalf of the Second Petition) were heard; and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions; and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was beard.

And then the Counsel on.both Sides were directed to withdraw. t

And the Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put, thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be logrolled.

And then, the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jfovis, 7° die Februarii;

Anno ii* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

MR. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according Fcckenbam to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Indofnre. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Beanhall Fields, in the Manor and Pari Hi of Fakenham, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Reading, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- &c-feribed, of the Borough and Parish of Chepping Wycombe, an* and the Places adjacent, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for a Navigable Canal to be cut, from the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Monkey Island, in the lame

County;

11 Geo. III. 7° Februariu I45

County; and conceiving that, if such Canal is made, it will render the Carriage of all Kinds of Merchandize upon the River Thames much more expensive to the Petitioners, and also throw great Part of their Trade into another Channel: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, again!! the said Petition, and have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Southamp, Wilts, and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counselto be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, again!! the Petition now presented.

Thame* & A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Iii* holders, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are there-River*- unto subscribed, of the Borough and Parish of Chopping Wycombe, and Places adjacent, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for the improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and lfis, from the City of London West-ward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and that such Improvement will tend to the Increase of Commerce, not only to the Counties and Places through which the said Rivers run, but also to the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill, and that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Commissioners of the Navigation of the River Thames and lfis, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tfadefmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of

rey, Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

Liverpool The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to to Prescott whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Exc-Roads. cution an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one pafi'ed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the other pa!fed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ and also for repairing the Road from Prescott, through Whifton, Rainhill, Bold, and Sankey, to the Town of Warrington, as also the

Road from Saint Helen's Chapel, to Ashton, in the said County Palatine, was referred That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Acts were read; and Esquire,

being examined, said. That the Trustees have repaired the laid Roads, but that feme of them are much out of Repair again, for want of a proper Fund: That the Trustees have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, and there now remains due £. 1,800, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads, kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged. Vol. 33.

Mr. Thomas Yate confirmed the above Evidence.

Then Mr. Gildart, being again examined, said. That the Powers of the said Acts are in several Respects de-festive, and in others bear too hard upon certain Places* and the Appropriation of specific Sums to the Repair of particular Parts of the Road, has been found detrimental; and that the Trusts would be better executed, if the Acts were reduced into One, and the Funds consolidated.

That if the Road leading from the Turnpike Cause-way, at Bracklow Brow, Eastwards, through Huyton, to the Sign of the Bell, to join the Turnpike Causeway* leading from Pnyb// to Liverpool, was to be amended and kept in Repair* it would be of public Use, in opening a better Communication between the Two Cause-ways; and also that if the Lane, or Road, called Lime Kiln Lane, leading from the said Turnpike Causeway, opposite the East Wing of the Seamens Hospital, in Liverpool, to KanelaghHouse, in Ranelagh Street, in the said Town, was also to be amended and kept in Repair, it would make the Entrance into the said Town more easy and commodious, which is at present very narrow, and often occasions Obstructions;

And the Witness further said, That if the Owners or Lessees of Collieries, or Coal Works, adjacent to the said Roads, from whence through these Roads, the Country and neighbouring Towns are supplied, were obliged to give Tickets, denoting the Quantity of Coal, to the Carters, to whom the same shall be delivered* and the Carters to deliver such Tickets to the Buyers thereof, many Frauds and Abuses, now practised, would be prevented.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, pafi'ed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the Nineteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in feme of the said Acts mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for reducing the feme into One Act; for amending the Road from the Causeway at Blacklow Brow, through Huyton, to the Turnpike Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also Lime Kiln Lane, from the said Causeway to Ranelagh House in Liverpool; and to prevent Frauds and Abuses being committed by Persons employed in conveying Coals along the said Roads: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Pennant do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Whitechapel Execution an Act of the Third Year of His present Ma- Paving, jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways, from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Woodford, in the County of and for enlightening and watching Part of the said Highway, from Whitechapel Church to Stratford, and for repairing the Road through the Parishes of and

Lambourn, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and setting forth, that it is proposed by the said Bill, to lay a Toll upon certain Carriages and Saddle Horses passing through the Turnpike at Mile End, for the Purpose of paving the said Street: and that the Petitioners arc desirous that the same may be executed in a Manner the lead burthen-feme to the Public; and have agreed to apply a certain Sum, out of the Produce of the Tolls under their Direction, for carrying the same into Execution: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

P p Ordered,

o

Sewers: —

Southwark PaVing, See.

J&mfer's

Marllon

Inclosure.

Kenner 1i Nat*

146 70 Februatii. 177 i.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to "the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clauffe, of Clauses, to regulate the Times for holding the Hajr Market within the said Street.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the (cVeral Paddies of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Saint John,

and Saint Thom its, and the Parts of the Parishes of

Saint Mary Nezt'ington, and Mary Magdalen,

Bermondsey, and of the Streets called Blackman Street, Kent Street, Bermondsey Street, and Snow's Fields, in and near the Town and Borough of ,in the County of Surrey, whose Names afe thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act; made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Town and Borough, the Petitioners are assessed, in Manner therein mentioned, towards the lighting, watch- ing, and cleansing; the Streets, Lanes, and Places, comprised within the said Act; and that the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, to explain dnd amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commissioners of1 SeH,efs, which, if passed into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, will be highly injurious to their Interest, and make thenr liable to the Payment Of farther Rates* to make good several "Expences which ought to be borne by the said Commissioners of Sewets: And therefore praying* That they may be beard by themselves, or Counsel, against the passing the said Bill into a Law, or be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as the rfoufe shall think fit*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Cortifhittee; to whom the Bill to explain and amend so mtich of an Act* made in the Sixth Year of Hisprefbrit Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough bf Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the! fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto j and for preventing Annoyances therein, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers, is committed } and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill# against the said Petition;

Mr. Skipzvithpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable ' Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Butler's Marflon, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having ' taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Account of his Qualification, and taken and 'subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes *

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Henry Renner, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five'of the Clock, in the Speaker’s . Chamber, a

Ordered, That she Order‘of the Day, for the-House to resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue an Act; made in 'the last Seffiort of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in Llis Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Acc for pilniftiing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whltworih took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuffied the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Calcraft presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sproxton, in the County of Leicester: And jthy same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Calcraft presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and "Common Fields, Common Pastures, Comnibn Meadows, Hea^h, and o;ther Commonable Lands, in the Pari ft) of Salt by, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; And read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read & Second Time.

Lord George CaVendish presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ie-veral Stinted Pastures, called the North Moor, Longhill, Bark, and Garforih Close, within the Townftifp of Ril-ston, in the West Riding of the County of 'York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Caztendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and intiofing Priejhvood Common, in the Parishes of Macktvorlh, Kedleston and Mcynell Langley, or some of them, in the County of Derby; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Wlfte Grounds, within the Manor of Monyafh, in the Parish of in the County"bf

Derby.- And the same was received; and read riiefeirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a'SecondTime.

An ingrossed Bill 'to oblige the 'Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation,'to Chfii-plete the said Canal, to a Field catled Nrwrhqll Rbft, adjoining to the Town of in the'*Coarny

of Warwick, within a Time to be limited, Was read the Third Time. '

’Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act to oblige the Company of Proprietors Of the Rrrmhigham Canal Navigation, to complete the said

'Chnal,

Mutinjr,

Sec.

America.

Sprovton Indofur*.

Sakby

Indofnrew

Rilfttm

Inclosure.

Priestwocxl Common I ndofare.

Monyafb,

Ac.

Inclosure.

Birtmnghjn* (Co! more) Navigation-

i i Geo. lit. 70- — 8° F

Canal, ton Fiddcrdfed NezvhdURing, adjoining tothk Town of Birmingham, in she County of Warivitk, within a-limited Time; and to mainiatnand kfeep the same free and open for the Passage of Boats, ;Bargds, and other Vessels.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Carlisle, Mr. Fletcher reported from die Committee, to whom &c. the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Ro«U. holders, an(j others, Inhabitants of the County of Cumberland, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he head the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the fame- was read; and is as followeth; -tvz.

Toprove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend Mr. Hitdson, being examined, said, That he knows the several Roads mentioned in the Petition, which are, in general, ruinous, and in several Places narrow, and that they cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Carlisle to iFig-/pw, and from thence to the South End of Hun da Lane, and also the Road from Wigttn to , and from

Wigtvn to Chaldbeck, in the County of Cumberland: And that Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Cttrwen, and Sir do prepare, and bring in, the lame*

Whitchurch Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Inclosure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of JVkitchurck, in the County of -which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wight A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto (Ide of) subscribed. Landholders of the of Wight, in the

Militia. County of Southampton, in Behalf of themselves and the fest of the Landholders of the same Hand, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That in pursuance of the Acts of Parliament for tailing the Militia of Great Britain, the Governor of the said Hand duly appointed Deputy Lieiv tenants, for putting the same into Execution; and that, in the Year 1770, a Majority of Officers Were also appointed, and many other Steps taken for raising the Militia of the said Hand; but, by various Accidents, the same was not so complete as to enable the Governor

VOL. 334

iherfedf-'so-file, ht the last Sessions of the Peace for the County of Southampton, the Certificate by Law directed; by which Means, the Landholders of the said Hand may-be liable to pay £.5 a Man; and that in January last, the Militia Men of the said island were (Worn and enrolled, and are ready to be called out and exercised ht the Time directed by the said Acts; and that the Petitioners fear that, withlri the strict Letter of the Law, they may be liable to pay the said 5 4 Man; but, as the Militia is now complete, Within One Month of the Time prescribed by the said Acts, shul as they apprehend the Penalty was only meant to enforce the ' railing the Militia, arid not for the pecuniary Advantage:

Therefore praying the House, to give Leave for a Provision to be made, for indemnifying the Landholders of the said Hand from the said Penalty of a Man, incurred in the said Year 1770.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Chnsideration of a Committee t And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Slbane, 8cc.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and ‘have Power’ to fend for Persons, Papers, dnd Records:

And all who come to the Committee are to harvd Voices.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were pre- Spain — fented to the House, by Mr. Sutton and Mr. Btdler, Falkland's upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Hand, Table, be taken into Chnsideration upon fcc‘

Morning next, at the same Time that the Papers presented :to the House by the Lord North,

4he -25th Day of January last, are ordered to be takeh into Consideration.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Electorj; That Leave be given to bring' in a Bill for more effectually securing the Rights of the Electors of Great Britain, with respect to the Elegibility of Persons to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas Went forth.

{Lord George Germaine, 1

Mr, Alderman Treco- >103.’ thick: - "J

Tellers for the }«

So it passed in the Negative.

The 'other Order of she Day being read; ,

Resolved, That the House will, upon this Day SeVen- j^erring flight, resolve itself inh>a Committee of the whole House, Fiber/, to consider further of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of tile British White Herring Fishery: .:

And then she House adjourned fill To-mcfrroW - Moining, Ten of the Clock.

Fiteneris, 8* dieFebtyiarii 5

Anno ii* Georgii III. U Regis, 1771.

P r a y ir s.

~/\Rdered, That the Committee,1 to whorh the Bill for Fairfield, dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, &« Common Pallure, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Inclosure, wtthifl the Township, Hamlet, or Liberty, of,

ii%

148 8 0 Februarii.177 r>

in the Parish of Hope, and County of , was committed, be revived.

A.Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker, .

Height's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

Divorce, to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Knight, Esquire, with Catharine Lynch, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the LonE desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrafted Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hodges, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from a

Roods Place called Hodges, in the Parish of , to Beadles

Hill, in the Parish of L, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and the Road branching out of the fame, at Beadles Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Lindfield; and also the-Road from the present Turnpike Road between the Towns of Cuckfield and Crawley, over Saint Leonard's Forefi, to the Town of sham; all in the county of ; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vernon, Mr. Burrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

« — v.

Macartney’s A Bill for making the Exemplification of the last

Will. Will and Testament of Francis Macartney, Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity,.^ Great Britain, and Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston,&c. s.And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five. of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Great Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Briclchill Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cammon Failures, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Gnat in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be. read a Second Time.

Wheat — The House being informed, That some of the Alder-Corporation men, and several of the Common Council, of the City of London. Q£ London, attended at the Door; they were called'.in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of y. in Common Council

'assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And thp said Petition was read; Complaining of the high Price of Wheat; and representing to the House, That, if the Importation of Wheat was to be allowed, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, or elsewhere, ‘Duty -free, it would be the moll effectual Means of confining that necessary Article of Life to a moderate Price: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port' of Liverpool, whose. Narnjes are thereunto subscribed, is re-: 'ferreef.' .

Bootliby Lord Brownlow fBertie presented to the House, ac-

Graffoe torchnglo’Order j a Bilk for dividing and inclosing the

Inclosure.

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds; within the Manor and Parish of Bootkby Grqffbe, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Kevbam, Fields, and Commonable Places, in Keyham, in the Parish of Rothley, and County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Mr. Plumer, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cholmtey presented to the House, according to Scalby, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and &c. Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Commons, and Wastes, w'ith- Wclofafe. in the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the Courtty of York; and also a certain Common, called Throxenby Moor, otherwise 1 Newby Moor, within the same Riding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Sloane reported from the Committee, to whom Wight the Report, which was made from the Committee, to (Iste of) whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants poor* of the Isle of Wight, in the County or Southampton, was referred, was re-committed; That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr!

Richard Clarke, being examined, said, That the Poor of the several Parishes and Places, within the said Island1, amount to about 600, and are maintained at the Expence of about £. 5,500 per Annum.

That if Powers were granted for the Regulation of the Poor, and providing proper Places for their General

Reception, it would tend to their more effectual Relief, and be a great Ease and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Island.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came- to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it would be a Benefit to the Poor, and an Advantage to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places within the Isle of Wight, if a House or Houses of Industry were provided for the Reception, Maintenance, and Etir-ployment, of such Poor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a House or Houses of Industry, in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor, belonging to the several Parishe> and Places within the said Island: And that Mr.

Mr. Stanley, and Mr. Earner, do prepare, and bring in, t&e feme.

Mr. Morten presented to the House, according to FitzGerald^ Order, a Bill for diverting out of the Crown, and to Mates, veil in Gerald Fitz Gerald, of Rath one, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee, of and in several Lands in

Ireland»

11 Geo. III. 8° Febrmrii.

*49

Ireland, therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rofemrry A Bill for paving and regulating Lam, from

*PavitfC of Aldgate, to Cable Street, alto the said

Cable Street, the Footpath in Back Lane, the Precinct of JVeUclofe, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane, to Ratcliffe Cross, Butcher Rand Brook Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, alld Passages, opening into the lame; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Sir Robert Ladbroke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cheflrr, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tra-Caoal ^ers, of the City of Dublin, parting and trading betwixt Ireland and England, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That very considerable Quantities of Merchandize are now conveyed, from London and the interior Parts of England, by Land Carriage, to Chester, and from thence shipped for the Port of and that, in Time of War, a principal Part of the Trade from London to Dublin is carried on through the Channel of the Port of Chester, and the Trade between the Ports of Chester and Dublin is then greatly increased; and that, by reason of the bad Roads, and the heavy Expence of Land Carriage, the Trade is subject to very great Inconveniences; and the Petitioners, being informed, that Application is intended to be made, for an Act to make a Navigable Canal from the City of Chester to Middlesvich, and there to communicate with the grand Canals now cutting through the Kingdom, are of Opinion, that the lame, if carried into Execution, will not only be productive of the greatest Advantages to the Trade of the said City of Chester, and to the Country with which it will thereby become connected, but will also prove of infinite Service to the Commerce carried on between this City and the Parts beferementioned, and be attended with great public Advantages: And therefore praying. That the Fame may pals into % Law, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition’of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Tradets, and others, being Inhabitants of the County and City of Chester, whole Names are thereunto fubl’cribed, is referred.

Mutiny, Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported &c; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the menu. gj|| tocontjaue an Act made in the last Sc ft': on of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present ISession of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; The Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Hqul'e; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrafted.

Advertiser, Friday, February 8, 1771," printed for R. Thompson; and also of the printed Newi'paper, intituled, " The MiddlesexJournal, or Chronicle of Liberty,

" from Tuesday, February 5, to Thursday, February 7,

" 1771," printed for J. Wheble as misrepresenting the Speeches, and reflecting on several of the Members of this House, in Contempt of the Order, and in Breach of the Privilege, of this House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Papers be delivered in at the Table;

The House divided.

Ttie Yeas went forth.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And she said Papers were delivered in at the Table accordingly; and several Paragraphs therein were read.

Ordered, That the said R. Thompson do attend this House upon AI on day Morning next.

Ordered, That the said J. Whcble do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Spain — posed, that fuel) a Number of Copies of the Papers (pre- Falkland'* fen reel to this House, on Monday the 4th Day of this Instant February, by Mr. Butler and Mr. Sutton) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of this House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the several Orders of the D v, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Charge against Hugh Roberts, Sho.ciiam contained in the Two First Resolutions, which (upon EkAion, the 17th Day of December last) were reported from the Scleft Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of 7homos Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New Shoreham ,in the County of Sttjfex; and also for the Attendance of John Browne, being read accordingly;

The said Hugh Roberts was called in.

And the said Charge was read.

And then lie was directed to withdraw.

The House was moved, that so much of an Act made in the 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more efflftual preventing Bribery and Corruption, in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as directs Returning Officers to take the Oath therein mentioned, -might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Hugh Roberts was again called in; and having said. That he was not guilty of the Charge contained in the said Resolutions;

The Original Poll, taken at the last Election for the said Borough, was produced; and the Numbers for the several Candidates on the said Poll were read.

And the said John Brownie, being called in, was examined in Support of the said Charge.

And then the said Hugh Roberts was heard in his Defence; and having proposed to produce Evidence in Support of what lie had alledged in his Defence, he was a^ain directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the said Charge be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Hugh Roberts do attend this House upon TuejdayMorning next, to be further heard

in his Defence.

TVHpin for she Yeas fColonel Onslow Idlers for the Yeas,jMn

mit r r xt (Sir William Meredith, Tellers for the Noes.j^^

| 9°* 55*

Newt Complaint being made to the House, of the printed fa; en. Newspaper, intituled, " The Gazetteer, and New Daily Vol. 33.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Mom- Supply.

Qq ing

*50

8° — ii° Februarii. A. 1771.

ing next, resolve-itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wmvs and Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Mean*. ing next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 11° Februarii;

Anno n° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Monyaflj, \ BILL for dividing and inclosing the Commons f~\ and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Inclosure. jn t|1e par‘, Qf Bakezvell, in the County of was ' read a Second Time.

R joined. That the Bill be committed to Mr. zon, Mr. Barrozv. &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Priestwood A Bill for dividing and inclosing Priejlwood Common, Common in the Parishes of Mackzv, and Inclosure. Langley, or feme of them, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. zon, Mr. Barrow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Gnmdy’a A Bill to enable Thomas , and his Issue Male,

Name, to take and use the Surname of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. rozv, Mr. Kynaston; &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Oxford Mr. Barrozv reported from the Committee, to whom Poor, the Bill for better regulating the Poor, within the City of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the . Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Nether A Bill for dividing and inclosing Barniker , within WyerfdaU the Manor of Nether Wy in the County Palatine Inclosure. Gf Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord,

Sir Henry Hoghton, 8tc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

TKamei and Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom Ifi* the Petition of the several Commissioners of the Na-Riven. yigation of the Rivers Thames and whole Names

9

are thereunto subscribed, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Middlesex, Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; and all'o, the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of Henley upon Thames, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the neighbouring Country Towns and Villages, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also,- the Petition of the Inhabitants of Maidenhead, Bray, Cookham, the neighbouring Parishes, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of Nezv and

of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the neighbouring Country Towns and Villages, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of lingford, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the neighbouring Country Towns and Villages, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also; the Petition of the Inhabitants of Great Marlow, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the neighbouring Country Towns and Villages, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Borough and Parish of Chipping Wycombe, and Places adjacent, in the County of Bucks, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had heard Counsel for the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London-, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the first-mentioned Petition, against the said Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matters of the said Petitions, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

And the Agent for the Petition of the several Commissioners of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, having informed your Committee, That the Petitioners desired Leave to waive so much of their Petition, as relates to the laying an additional Duty of One Penny per Chaldron on Coals, your Committee proceeded to inquire into the other Matters contained in the said Petition: And called

Mr. Robert Bunker, a Bargeman, who being examined, said. That he knows the River Thames from London to Reading-, that in feme Places there is always want of Water, and in dry Seasons impafiable — That feme of the Locks are blown up, and others so constructed, that Vessels are obliged to be drawn up with a Cable — That the Witness has gone from Quto Reading, in Three

Days, and has femetimes been a Fortnight or Three Weeks for Want of Water, and that he has lain a Month at Sunbury, for Want of Water to carry him up — That if there were Twenty Locks upon the River, it would render it navigable for Barges to go at all Times. — That a Barge of 150 Ton, which will take 50 or 55 Men to navigate, may be done by 12 or 13 Horses, and that the Witness has lccn 65 Men in a Line.

The Reverend Mr. John Spicer, being examined, said. That he is One of the Commissioners of the Navigation of the Thames and Isis, and has-attended for Twelve

Years

ii Geo. III. li ° Febructrii* 151

Years past — That several Complaints have been made of the present State of the Navigation, and of the extravagant Demands of Bargemasters for Carriage of Goods, which has been a growing Evil for Forty Years, which, he said, was owing to the enormous Size of the Barges, the extravagant Wages given to the Bargemasters Servants, the great Advance of the Price of Hirelings (or Persons who hale the Barges) and of the Tonnage on Locks (which within these Forty Years has increased near double) and the Combinations of the Reading Bargemasters; and that the Locks and Gulls in the River being very difficult to pass, renders it dangerous for Barges passing, by reason of the great Fall, which Fall increases in proportion to the Height of the Weir; but the Witness apprehends, the Occasion of the principal Obstructions to the Navigation of Barges upwards, is from the Locks and Gulls; for that he computes upon an Average, that Three Hours are taken up in dragging a Barge through each of the Eight Locks, between Reading and Monkey; but

that if Turnpike Pounds wereere&ed, and short Canals cut for the Barges to pals by the Side of the Lock or Gull, they might pal's by the Eight Turnpikes in I’wo Hours, which would be a Saving of Twenty-two Hours in the Twenty-four — That by the present Mode of Navigation, every Barge is obliged to wait at the lower End of the Gull, till the Lock is opened, and a sufficient Quantity of Water let down to carry the Barge up to the Lock; that the Witness has seen the largest Barges to the Westward of , waiting a

Day, sometimes Two Days, for Water to carry them up, and when a Flalh of Water comes, the Whole of it is wasted, the Bed of the River above, drained, and no Water left for the Miller to work with; but that if Turnpikes were used, no more Water would be wasted than the Turnpike Pound holds, and in this Instance, the Miller would be remarkably benefitted b^ the proposed Plan. — That he is persuaded, if the Barges were reduced to One hundred Tons, , and Horse Towing Paths made use of, the Freight of Goods from London to Reading would be much the same as it was Forty Years ago, and would save Two or Three Miles in an Hour.

Mr. William Grover, being examined, was asked, What the Expence was of navigating a Barge from Windforto Hedfor Wharf? He said, that a Barge of Two hundred Tons with Men and Horses would cost Twelve Pounds; but if it was to be performed all by Horses, it would not be more than 4. 6 j. or 4. 1 os.; that upon an Average the Year round, there is about Seventy Men to tow a Barge, which might be done by Nine or Ten Horses, which would be a Saving of 13J. in the Thirty Miles; and that if the River was to be put into proper Order, and Pounds used instead of Locks, the Navigation of the River would be more safe and constant.

Mr. Joseph Nico/s, an Engineer, being examined, informed your Committee, That the present Mode of navigating the Thames was by drawing Flashes from Letchlade and higher, by which Means the River becomes nearly exhausted in every Reach, which frequently prevents the navigating up or down in the Summer Sealon for many Days together between Letchlade and London; which, the Witness said, might be remedied by the Addition of Pound Locks from Letchlade to Boulter's Lock, which would render the River navigable at all Times, (extreme Floods and Frosts excepted, and in those Two States much longer navigable than now) by short Cuts below and above Boulters Lock, and fomo Erections and Horse Towing Paths, the Navigation would be rendered both certain, and much more constant, than now, and at half the Expence.

Mr. Thomas Newell, being examined, confirmed (the Evidence of the foregoing Witaefles, with respect to the Utility of Pound Locks; and added. That there are frequent Stoppages of Barges, by reason of Shoals and Vox.. 33.

other Impediments, which might be removed, and the Navigation otherwisej improved, at the Expence, in his Opinion, of 40 or £. 50,000.

The Counsel for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, offering to go into an Examination, to shew, that a Canal Navigation might be made from Reading to Monkey Island, which would be preferable to the River in its proposed improved State, were restrained from proceeding thereupon by your Committee, who thought that Enquiry more proper for the Committee, to whom the Petition for the said Canal is referred.

The Counsel for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, afterwards infilling upon being heard in Regard to the Right of the City of London, to the Conlervancy of the River Thames, and your Committee being informed by several Members present, that their Rights would be preserved in the proposed Bill, thought it unnecessary to hear them any further.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the county of : And that Mr.

Clayton, the Lord Strange, Mr. Samhrook Freeman, General Conway, Mr. Rice, and the Lord do

prepare, and bring, in the fame.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresborough,. in the County of York, by Long Flat Lane, Gouldjborough Fields,

Allerton, Mauleverer} and Scale Moor, to -

ton, in the same County, and so'r making the same a High Carriage Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from the Town of Tadcaster, through Cul/ingham, Harewood, ton, and Pool, to the Town of Ot’ey, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Mr. Crowle, See.: And they are to -meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord George Cavendifhpresented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, through or near Worksop and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near Stockwith, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures, called the North Moor, Bark, and

Garforth Close, within the Township of Ril/lon, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, General Irwbie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John

Cahendffh,

Kaarcfborough,

&c.

Road,

T adcaster. See. Road.

Chesterfield

Canal.

Rilfton,

&c.

Inclosure.

York,

to

Borouehbridfts,

Road.

152 ii 0 Februarii. . 1771.

Cavendish, Mr. Montagu, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

South Mr. Amcotts presented to the House, according to Refton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Indofare. Common Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South Refton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Warer*r Mr. Waljhreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain a Clause in an Adf of the last Session of Parliament, for better supplying the City of

cester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for better paving and lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstrudf ions and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he lead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments wereOnceread throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

East Mr. Vanftttart presented to the House, according to Garfton Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Common Inclosure. pje](js> Downs, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of East fton, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Reading A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several , U<V>Qa'field ^<fts for rePaIring the Highways between The Bear 04 Inn in Beading, and Pu in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Highway between a House in land, in the Occupation of Edward Sheppard, and the West End of the Highway by the said Adb direffed to be repaired; and also the Highway from Boston Lane to Pangborne, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fan-fit tart, Mr. Penruddock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kelhatn, Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, accord-Road* *nS to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township. of Kelhatn on in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Forth and Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom Clyde the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

Navigation. an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place, galled Dalmuir Burn-foot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into

the Firth or Forth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sproxton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tlioro-ton, Mr. Legh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Saltby, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thoro-ton, Mr. Ambler,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Peter Du Roveray and John Daniel Navil/e, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Peter Eynard and David Chollet, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had conndered the said Petition, and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Over-seers of the Poor, and several Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and several other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for separating the Parishes of Saint John and Saint James C/erkemvell, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Parish of Saint John, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and representing to the House that the said Parish of John chiefly consists of well-built Houses, inhabited by Persons of very good Circumstances; and that a great Part of the said Parish of Saint James consists of small Houses, and inhabited by the lower Sort of People, who are not of Ability to contribute to the Rates necessary for repairing the Church, relieving the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within that Parish; and that, if the said Parish of Saint John should be separated in Manner proposed by the said Petition, it would be very oppressive and injurious to the Petitioners, and others resident within the said Parish of Sa James: And therefore

praying

Sproxton

Inclosure.

Saltby

Inclosure.

Du

Roveray’s,

See.

Nat.

Clerkenwell,

&c.

Paving.

11 Geo. III. 11° Februatii. 153

praj’ing the House, to take flieit- same intb Consideration; and that they may be heard', by themselves or Counsel, before the Committee, tdwhom the said Petition is referred, tint] have such Relief ;in the Preniifcs as to the House flhrfl seem meet.

Qrtfsh’J,'1Th it the' said Petition be referred ter the Con-tftfertt’roh rif^lhe Cdtinfoittie, tO- Whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and principal'Inhabitarirt, bf ‘the Parish of Saijit jbh 'Ckrkenwrll, is referred j and that the Petitioners1 be hedrd, by theffilelves, or Counsel, ‘"before the iilid Committee, uport their Petition,' if they think fit. - 1 . '

Ordered, That it be ah Instructiorl to the said Committee, That they do admit Qounfel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the find former Petition,' against the; Petition now presented.

Fcclcenham, A Bill for dividing and mtfofing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Inclosure. Lands arid Grounds, called Fields, in the Manor

and Parish of ‘Feckenham, in the County of was read a. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. zve/l, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s "Chamber. '

I. I *

Butlers A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Warfton mon Fields, Common Meadows, arid Corttmonable ltwlofure. Lands and Grounds, in the Patish of Butlers,

in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of ‘ Catherlough, Sir Roger. stewdigate, &c.: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kirkby A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Blallory Common Pastures, in the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, in the litctofure. County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and hiving delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Mr. Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Skirbeck, Lord Robert Bertie presented to the Hpufe, according See, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common ladofure. pen belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of Skirbeck and County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second iSme.

Wight Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to Whom (rileof) the Petition of the Persons wlrofc Names are thereunto Militia, subscribed. Landholders of the Hie of , in’ the County of Southampton, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Landholders of the same Island, was nifeiYed; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, and had difedted him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz. Lj

AState of the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

Mr. Richard Clarke informed your Committee, That the Governor of the said Me had appointed Deputy Lieutenants, for putting the Militia Laws into Exe- cut ion; and that in the Year 1770, a Majority of Officers were alto appointed: That the Mert were

blllotted for. Warrants made out, and Notices an-Vol. 33.

nexed for their Attendance, but that the Seffiori for the said County intervened before the' said Warrants cduld be returned, so that the Men could not be fwofn in Time tndugh for the Governor to certify the fomd it the said Session: That the Men Wert aftetwards fworti in and inrolled, and are ready to be called bht and ercifed at the Time appointed by the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie Upon the Tibte.

Sir 0iarles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Renner's to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry Renner, was Nat. committed; That the Committee had examjned the Allegations of the Bill, and found tire same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to' the House, without any Amendment: Anil he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. , _ "

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the MayorBurgeffes, and Common- Com alty of the City of Bristol, in Common Council assembled, «nd Flour, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the High Price of all Kinds of Grain; and Setting forth.

That j if an Importation of Corn and Flour from America w^s permitted, Duty free, for a limited Time, the Petitioners apprehend, it would promote Trade and Manufactures, relieve the Hardships of . the industrious and labouring Poor, and be. no real Prejudice to the Agriculture of the Kingdom: And therefore praying the FJoufej to grant such Relief in the Premises as they shall lee meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Costsideration of the Committee of the whole Hpose*to

whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and pri.n- , cipal Inhabitants of the Town and fort of Liverpool, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

A Petition of Sir Charles Palmer, Baronet, Thomas Monkey Eyre, Esquire, and others, Owners and Occupiers of llland. Sic. Land within the Parishes of Ta Wyran- Canal. disbury, Eton, Burnham, Upton, and the Liberty of Bct-vdney, in the County of Bucks, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others*, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, from the Lord Mayor, Aldermeri, and Commons of the City of London, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from or near a Place called Monkey //lan, near Bray, in fhfc Gofunty of Berks, to IJlnvorth, in the County of Middle-

Jex y and another Cut, from the said proposed Canal, from or near West Bidfont, in the said County of /ex, to the River Thames, at or near Staines; and that the Petitioners apprehehd, if the same should pals irito a Law, it will greatly injure them in their Properties:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or have such other Relief as to the HOftfe shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be:referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermeri, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Couricil assembled, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they thirik fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Cheflrr, Council, of the City of Chester, in Council assembled, was _,&c-presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the said City, to and

R r there

*54

11° Februarii.

there to join the Canal now carrying on- from the Trent to the Mersey, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be attended with many considerable Advantages to the Public: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations and Restrict ions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Traders, and others, being Inhabitants of the County and City ' whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Mutiny, ’ An ingrafted Bijl to continue an Act, made in the tcc- last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue America. Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending and further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and fender more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in Ameri, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intitbled. An Act for punish-' ing Mutiny arid, Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Was read the Third Time. —

Resolved, That t-he Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in -the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

..other incidental Experices attending the fame* from the 24th of June, 1770, to the 24th of June 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the.Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 17 70, so the^24th of June 1771, be referred to the said Committee. *.

Ordered That the Estimate of the Expenses attending Genera) Surveys of His Majesty’s: Dominion^ in Nortfi America, for the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee. ' ’. j; ,

., Then the Hpnfe, resolved itself into ttye said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took, the Chair of the Committee.

f Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they . had dinefted him to report, when, the Hojjfe will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. (

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee*of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Oxford A Bill for the more effectual amending such‘ of the Mile Ways. Roads as belong to, and are Part of, the Mile Ways leading to the University and City of Oxford, and which are not made a Part of any Turnpike Road; for the making a commodious Entrance into the said University and City, through the Pari fit of confimonly

: called Saint Clement; for the widening, repairing, or -rebuilding, the Bridge called Magdalen; for mak-

ing a safe and commodious Road from the said Bridge, through the University and City aforesaid, to join the great Roads leading to , Birmingham,

Banbury, Abingdon, Newbury, Southampton, and other Places j for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement-, for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said City; for impowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; and for other Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Sir Roger Newdigate, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices,.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for the News-Attendance of R. Thompfonand J. Wheble, be now reacj. Papers.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said R. Thompson and J. Wheble do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Subjects, Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Quiet of Act to amend, and render more efilftual, an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, int ituled. An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal aClause in the said Act, which protests such Rights,

Titles, or Claims, under any Grants or Letters Patent from the Crown, as are prosecuted with Effect, within a certain Time therein limited;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " repeal," and inserting the Words " explain and amend," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " repdal" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the - 24th of June 1770, to the 24th of June 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and 8

Tellers for the YeasJ

Sir William Meredith,

’(Mr Byng: Tellers for the Noes.i hifon,

| l5z-

‘(Mr. Burrell:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal a Clause in the said Act, which protests such Rights, Titles, or Claims, uncfer any Grants or Letters Patent from the Crown, as are prosecuted with Effect, within a certain Time therein limited: And that Sir William Meredith, Lord Charles SpeMr. Dunning,

Mr. Wallace, and Mr. Thomas Foley, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

R Joined,

Wheat, gh Price of.

Wayt and Means.

Great

Brickhill

loclofuie.

Bedford

Level.

11 Geo. III. i i° — i2°

Refofved, That this Ho&fe will, upon this Day Sev(n-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Port' of Liverpool, whole Names are thereunto fub-Icribed.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself. into a Committ.ee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways apd Means, for raising ihe Supply granted to.His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 12° die;

Anno ii- Georgii III*11 Regis, 1771. Prayers.

A6ILL for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common. Pastures, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of,

in the County of Bucks, was read a Second, Time- .

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Montagu,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.;

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee; to whom the Petition of Robert , Esquire, One

of the Devisees and Trustees named in the Will of the Most noble John Duke of BeLord of the Manor of Thorney, and Sir Sampson Gideon, Baronet, Owner of

High and L010 Borough Fen, and of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of thp Company, of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and of the several Persons whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, and of Lands in the Manor of Crowland, thereto adjoining, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition* and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of, the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 15th and 20th Years of the Reign of Charles the Second, and in the 27th and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, were read j by which it appeared, That the Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, by the_ laid Acts appointed and incorporated, are impowered to raise a certain Tax on all Lands comprized within the said Level, which they are to apply to the Purpose of draining and preserving the fame: And,

Mr. John Browne, Clerk to the Register of the said Level, informed your Committee, That the Tax on Lands within the North Level amounted to the yearly Sum of £.777. 3*. 4 d. — That several Proprietors of taxable Lands within the said North Level, had, pursuant to the Power given by the said last mentioned Act, purchased oft’£. bo per Annum, Patft of the Taxes chargeable on their Lands, whereby a Debt of £. 1,800 was paid off, and the yearly Produce of the Taxes upon the taxable Lands within the said North Level, was thereby reduced to the Sum of £.717. 3 s4 as appeared by the Counterparts of Three Deeds by him produced: And, Mr. John Wing informed the Committee, That several Breaches were made in the Baoks erected for the Preservation of the said Level in 1763 and-1764, for the Repair of which, it was necessary to borrow' the Sum of £. 5,000, the Interest upon which, at £. 5 per Cent, being paid, the Income of the said Tax was reduced to £.467. 3s. 4d. as was proved by Mr. Browne-, and VOL. 33.

Februarii’. £5-5

that other Breaches happening in the fjpd Ebnks in tfce Year 1767, the yearly Revenue of the said Corporation arising from the said North Level was not fu<Ecient ,t(> repair the said Breaches, and to carry on, the necessary Works directed by the said last mentioned Act, so that-a. considerable Sum of Money has been expended fpFfuckr Works, Over and bolides, the said Sum of £. 5,000 That several other Breaches have happened lately; the Lands in the said , Level are now (very, much over--flowed, to the great Loss of the Proprietors, and to tlwr.

Public)in general;, and that there is a-Necessity for; borrowing some further Sums of Money for repairing,.the, said Breaches, and draining the Level,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in.a. Bill to, enable the Corporation of the Governpr,- Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Confcr|Vators-of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain tb$ principal Banks and Works necessary to the well-draining and preserving the North-Level, , Part of the said Great Level; and for laying, a Tax upon the Lands within the said Nortft Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland: And that Sir John Hynd

Qideon 'i Mr., Wyldbore, Mr. Fellows, and Mr. Jenyns, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Browtilow Bertie presented to the House, accord-. Algarkerke, ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- tec. veral Parcels of Fen Land, within the Parish of Algar-, Inclosure. kerke cpm Fosdyke, in the Parts of ,in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be-read a Second.Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Boothbf mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste ®r5®BC Grounds, within the ;Manor and Parish of nc ure*

in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill;be committed to Lord low Bertie, Mr. Whichcott, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of $he Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Simeon Sluart reported from the Committee, to Liphook, whom the Petition of many of the Gentlemen, Clergy, tec. and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Southampton and R°*ds-Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said.Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered, it in, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John James, Mr. Richard Townshend, Mr. George Woodward Grove, and Mr. John Aldridge, being severally examined, said, That the Roads described in the Petition, are in.a very ruinous. Condition, narrow, and crooked in many Places, and in others, deep, dangerous, and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be effectually widened, turned, and amended, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads leading from the Village of Liphook, through Alton, Ba-jSngstoke, Kingsdere, and Newbury, to the Road leading from Speenhamland Water, to Chilto and also the Road from Basingstohe aforesaid, to Bugmore Hill, and several other Roads branching out of the aforesaid Roads, in the Counties of Southampton an.d Berks: And that Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord Henley,

Admiral Craven, and Mr. Vanfittartdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,. An Act Knijj'm’s to difl'olve the Marriage of Hairy Knight, Esquire, with Divorce. Catharine Lynch, his now Wife, and to enable, him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

1$& t^Februatii, A. 1771*

he/bheJy ’thit the "Hill bsft committed. " and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel,

1 Resolved, Thtitthe Bill bfrcommitted to a Committed befote tlfe Committee to whom the said Petition is re-; ' -of the whole House/" 1 fertedy and have such Relief in the Premises as ta the.

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon this Day Seven- Mouse shall feefn meet, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, That the said Petition be referred; to the

upon the said Bill.- Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition;

~~Ordelred, That If-be an Inftrtittiofr to the’ fotd-Com- of the Rector, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabi-mitteej That they do hear Counsel, and examine*Wit- tahts, of the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwel/,-a. re* ‘ nesses,'for the said BH1; and aHo that they do hear1 ferred j and that the Petitioner&be-heard* by themfekes Counsel, and examine Witrtelfes.&^alnft the said- Bill }' or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Pe-ifthe Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Court- tition, if they think fit.

fel, br produci WitnelFe*. . t Ordered, That it be art- Instructioil to the said Com-

Ordered, That Mrs. Elizabeth Worgar do,-upon this1 mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Day Sevefmigftt, ‘att'end the Committee of the whole same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against House, -to whom the said Bill recommitted. '- the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That Mr. JakesDavis do attend the fa'rtF Committee, at the same Time. i :- A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Na- Chester,

Ordered, That MtSi-Edhsabetfi. Davis, duattend (he; vigation frotij {he. Treat was presented to &c-

laid Committee, at the same Time.; - the House, and read } Setting forth, That, by an Act, (*an1'

Ordered, That Mrs. Elizabeth Richards do attcndthe- made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, laid 'Committee* 'i.t4he fatbe -Time. the Petitioners are empowered to make a Navigable Cdt,

Ordered That Mrs. 'Me/iora Eaton-do attend the said' or Canal, from the River Trent, near IVilden Ferry, in the Committee, rit the same Time1, County of to the River at or near

Ordered, Thai- Mr. Thomas Wojtdo attend the laid1 Gap,&n4 that the said Canal will be87 Miles in Length, Committee, at the same Time. -. - . , near 50 Whereof are already made, at an Expence of up-

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Thomson do attend the said wards of £.' 1 <00,000; and are proceeding to complete

Committee, at the same Time'/’' T the Remainder thereof; and that the Petitioners ate in-

Ordered, That Nlte.Jane Freeman-do attend the said formed, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to

Committee, ht the same Time.: bring in a Bill to make a Navigable Canal, from the

Ordered, ThatMr. Mtrk Holman do attend the said C'dy’of'Chester, to communicate with the said Canal at

Committee, at the same Time. or near Middlewich; and representing to the House, that!

such Canal would most materially atfett their Property,

Srough Terry, Mr.- Lafcellesreported from the Committee, to whom without a Probability of its being prodiidtive of any the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Fflehtial Advantage to the Public: And therefore pray-

0 s* Others, residing near, or travelling upon, and utfng, ing -the House, to take the same of the Petitiohets into . the Road thereinafter mentioned* was referred} That Consideration; and that they tnay be heard, by their the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe- Counsel; against the said Petition and Bill; and that tition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it such Bill may not pass into a Law. appeared to them, to the House; ‘and he read the Re- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as of the levera! Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants,-followeth; viz. Traders, and others, being Inhabitants of the County and

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. City of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Henry Mtm&y,being examined, said. That the Road is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their leading from the Low Water Mark of the Rivet Hum- CoUhfel; before the said Committee, upon their Petition, her, at Brough Ferry, \n the Parish of Elhughton, ift if they think fit. the Fall Riding of the County of York, to the Nortlf Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-'

End of Brough, and through the Market Town of South mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the-Cave, to a Place called Coney Clappers, in South Neve bald same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against Holmes, in the said Riding, is become very ruinous arid lire Petition now presented. bad, and in many Parts is too narrow and incommo-i 1

dious; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired Mr. Pennant reported from the Committee, to whom Liverpool and widened by the Laws in being. - (he Bill'to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in Theatre.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the- Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lan-vepairing and widening the Road, from the Low Water caster, was committed; That the Committee had exa-Mark at Brough Ferry, in the County of York, to Coney mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Clappers, in South Nnvbald Holmes,' in the said County i to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to And that Mr. Lascelles-and Sir George Savile do prepare; report the Bill to the House, without any-Amendment and bring in, the lame. And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Clerkenwoll, A Petition of the'Parishioners and Inhabitants of the

Sec. Parish of Saint John, Clerkenvdell, in the County of - An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Henry Premier, was Rennrr’j Paving. Middlesex, whose Nltnes are thereunto subscribed, in read the Third Time. at*

Behalf of themselves and many others residing in the That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

laid Parish, was presented to the Hdufe, arid read; Set- be. An Act for naturalizing Henry Renner.

ting forth, That the Petitioners having been informed, That Sir do carry the Bill

that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, in a Bill for the final and perpetual Separation of the said Parish, pursuant to the Intention of an Act of the Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply. Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen 'Anne; and for paving, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was cleansing, and lighting, the said Parish, and removing referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Obstructions and Annoyances therein; which Bill, if His Majesty, the Resolutions which1 the Committee had passed into a, Law, would be productive of great Incon- directed him to report to the House; which he read in

veniences to the Petitioners, ind many others residing his Place; and afterwards delivered iu at the Clerk’s

within the said Parish: And therefore praying the House, Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow -to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; eth5

B

ii Geo. III. 12" — 130

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum* not exceeding Five thousand Seven hundred Ninety-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three thousand and Eighty- six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1770, to the 24th of June 1771.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Florida, and

other incidental Expences attending the tame, from the 24th of June 1770, to the 24th of June 1771.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West , and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1770, to the 24th of June 1771.

Resolved ', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Eighty-five Pounds, and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in Nor 1/1 America, for the Year 1771.

The laid Reiblutions being severally read a Second Time, Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Wercefier- , An ingrafted Bill to explain a Clause in an Act of the Water. last Session of Parliament, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for better paving and lighting the laijd City, apd for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances, therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain a Clause in, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for betteriupplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof-with Water, and for better paving and lighting the Laid City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Wash do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

9 1

Da Rove ray An. ingrafted Bill for naturalizing John Peter Du Ro-

and Naville’s verity, and John Daniel Naville, was read the Third

** Time. . ' „ .

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Peter Du John Daniel Naville, John Peter and David

CAollet. ..

Ordered, That Mn Kytiaflondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire t^eir Concurrence.

Call of The Order of the Day being read, for calling over the

the House. Names of such Members as, upon this Day Sevennight, made Default to appear;

Ordered, That the Names of such Defaulters be called over upon this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

21 rw Shore ham The House proceeded to the further hearing of the SkAioa. Charge against Hugh Roberts, contained in the Two First Reiblutions, which, upon the 17th Day of December last, were reported from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Voi» 33.

Februafii. 15

Thomas Riintbold, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New in the County of Syjfex.

And the said Hugh Roberts was called iri, and produced several Witnesses, who were examined in his Defence.

And then he was directed to withdraw,

Resolved, That Hugh Roberts, the late Returning Officer for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, having, at the last Election for the said Borough; received upon the Poll 87 Persons who voted for Mr.

Rumbold, and who all, except One, had taken the Bribery Oath; and 37 who voted for Mr. Purling , and having, immediately on the Close of the Poll, declared Mr. Purling duly elected, and returned him accordingly, hath thereby acted illegally, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Hugh Roberts be, for his said Offence, taken into the Gulloidy of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Sir Wiliam Meredith presented to the rfoute, accord- Subje£lr,

ing tq Order, a Bili. to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in Quiet of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the Firsti intituled, An Act for the General Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, which protedls such Rights, Titles, or Claims, under any Grants or Letters Patent from the Crown, as are prosecuted with Effect, within a certain Time therein limited: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith have Leave td make a Motion, it being near Four.of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bi|l be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovtf ( Morning, Ten of the Clock.

;: -t

..IV . ..

Mercliriiy 1 Februarii;

Anno ii* Georgii lIItU Regc,.t77ii ./

Prayers. d

QRDEREfy, That all have Voices, who come to C&efter, the Committee* to whom the Petition of the teveral Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Traders, and M others, being Inhabitants of the County and City of Chefer, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

ir John Molefwortlireported from the Committee, to Plymouth

whom the Petition of John Morfhead, John George Paving.

Woolcombe, Joseph Squire, Reymundo Putt, and others, Commissioners acting under an Act of Parliament, made and pasted in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King.Gtfcqjerthe Third, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the Courtly, of Devon, and for regulating the , Carmen and Porters within the said Town y and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Justices, Aldermen, Common Council Men, Freeman,- together with the principal and other Inhabitants of the Borough of were rejer-

red; That the Committee bad examined the Matters of the said Petitions y and had directed him to report the fame., as they appeared to them, to the House and he read 'the Report in his Placey and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read y and is as folloyveth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the fai<T Petition, the

Sf said

158 135 FebniariiA. 1771.

said ACV was read; and jVIr. George Wlodward Mallett produced an Abstract of the Receipts and Disbursements, which he extracted from the Book of Accounts of the Commissioners for paving the Borough of Plymouth; whereby it appears, that they have expended £.913 iij. 7 d. — That the Total Amount of the Rates alTeffed is £.936. 3.1. id., of which they have received only £.507 7 s. 10 d.\befidcs £.40 of the Corpota-tion, and £. 17 $s. o d.for Dung: — That they have borrowed £.400; and there is due for Lamps to the Second of February £. 105, and also several Sums owing for Carts, Watch, Scavengers, Rent of a Room for their Meetings, and the Surveyor and Clerk’s Salaries: — That Difficulties had occurred in collecting the Rates: And he gave an Instance where the Mayor refused a Warrant of Distress'against a Collector; but upon reading the Ad it appeared, that to justify the Mayor in granting such Warrant, a Conviction should have been previously had upon Oath before a Magistrate, which in this same was omitted: That the Ad is defective in several other Respeds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the " Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said TownAnd that Sir John Molesworth, the Lord Barrington, and Mr. Parker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stanwell Mr. Gascoytie reported from the Committee, to whom

Footpath*, the Petition of Sir John Gibbons, Baronet, and Knight of the honourable Order of the Bath, and also of the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Houses, in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That' the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Pickering, Esquire, being examined,.said, That the said Sir John Gibbons is Owner of the Manor of Stanwell, and of the capital Messuage called Stanwell Place, and the Park thereto adjoining} over which there ate at present certain Foot Paths, which make Part of a Path or Way from the South Corner of the Garden Wall of Edwin Francis Stanhope, Esquire,. ip Stanwell.aforesaid, to a Piece of Ground, in the said Parish, called Green,

over certain Fields formerly called' Burrough Fields and Husbanours, now Part of the said Park; in which the’Inhabitants of the said Parishes, or forne of them, claim certain Rights of Common, whidi the said Sir John Gibbons disputes and denies; and a Suit at Law is now depending concerning the same.

1 ' That Sir John Gibbons hath prpposed, at his own E,x-

pence, to make a better and more cohvenicnt Foot Pajji from the Eastern Garden Wall of the said 'Mr. Stanho/b, to the new River, and from thence to the said Burrough Green, in Lieu of the said Paths and Ways over the said Fields; and to oblige himself, His Heirs, and Assigns, to maintain the same for ever; and hath also proposed to convey to Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, a House called Ros, with an Orchard thereto belonging,’ and also to pay into the Hands of such Trustees, the Sum of One hundred Pounds for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, upon Condition that he shall be authorized to shut up the said Paths and Ways over the said Burrough Fields and Husbanours; and that all Claims to any Right of Common in the said Park shall be extinguished; to which Propofab the Inhabitants of the said Parish have consented.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower Sir John Gibbons to shut Up the Foot Paths,

9

over certain Lands in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex, and to extinguish all Claims and Right of Common in and overthe laid Lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in Repair a Foot Path in Lieu thereof, and to veil certain Premises and a Sum of Money irf Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish: And that Mr.

Gascoyne and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Fairfield, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several &c. Open Fields, Common Pasture, Commons, and Waste Inclosure-Grounds, within the Township, Hamfet, or Liberty, of Fairfield, in the Parish of Hope, and County of 'Derby,

Was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 53 Acres and 1 Rood of Land intended to be inclosed, and who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be inclosed consists of 778 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is concerned in the said Bill;

The Lord Strange, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in-

Worthed :of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-ferit,' as far as His- Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that thfc House may-do therein as they shall think fit.

I^ord George CaVendlfh reported from the Committee, Peoniftone

to whom the Petition of feVetal Gentlemeh, Clergy,’and Bridge, fcc. Freeholders of the Counties of York and Derby, Ro*is-was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Jonathan Oxley, being examined, laid. That he knows the several "Roads described in the Petition, which are in general, very bad, and in several Places extremely narrow; and that they cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

He added, That if the said Roads were properly repaired, it would bC of grCat public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Ptnnifione Bridge, in the County of York, to Bridge,

in the County of Derby; and the Roads fevaally leading from Bamftrd Wood Gate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the

Guide Pofi, 6n Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Hetherfage MoOr, and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of Derby: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Clarke do prepare,' and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Peatherfionhaugh have Absenco, Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon Account of the Affairs of his Family.

Ordered, That Mr. Aufrerehave Leave to go into the Ditto.

Country

ii Geo. III. 130 Felr 159

Coutry for a Fortnight, upon Account of the Affairs of his Family.

Ditto. Ordered That Mr. have Leave to go into

the Country for a Fortnight, upon urgent Occafious.

Liverpool An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre. Playhouse, in the Town of , in the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the Town of Liverpoolin the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered \That Mr. Pennant do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bov.es, Sec. Sir George Savi/e reported from the Committee, to Road*- whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, to and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed { That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had !directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be 'ingrossed.

j (

Birmingham- The Earl of Catherlough reported from the Commit -\° tee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, armiogton, app0;ntecj to put jn Execution Three fevetal Afb of Par-Road*. -liament, passed -in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warming-ton, and haw Birmingham, through to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; and Mr. William Hunt being examined, raid. That great Progress hath been made in amending that Branch of the said Road, which leads from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill; but 'that the same cannot be completed, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the feidAfts be -further continued, and some further Powers given.;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmingltm, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill aforesaid: And that the Earl of Mr. West,

and Mr. Skipwith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scalby . ' A Bill for dividing and indoling the Open and Un-Indofure. inclosed Fields, Commons, and Wastes, within the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York j and also a certain Common, called otherwise Newby Moor, within the same Riding; was read a Second Time.

Vol. 33.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Fowled, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

«t Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

Colonel Pringle reported from the Committee, tb whorh BrWis* the Petition of the honourable Geo Esquire, of Jervifivood; Sir John Paterson, of Eccles; Sir John Road*. Stuart, of Allankank; Sir Robert Pringle, of Stitchell; *

Sir Alexattder Purves, of Purves j Sir Alexander Don, of Newton, Baronets; John Swinton, Junior, of Swinton;

George Buchan, of Ke/lo\ David Gavin, of Laugtouni Patrick Home, of Wedderburn; George Home, Clerk to the Signet; William Robertson, of Lady kirk; Thomas Cockburn, of Rowchester; Captain David Home, of Paxton; Archibald Swinton, of Manderfion; Robert,

of Cierkington; James Lorain, of; John Ren-

ton, of Lamer ton , Robert Robertson, of John Renton, of Chufterba hk; George Gordon, of Got

bank: John Alow, of Mains; John Ltmfdaine of B/a -nern; Charles Frank, ot Burt hrig; John of

Ayton; George Trotter, of Belchester; Edward -

banks, of Lees; John WutJ'on, of Overmains; Walter Ker, Junior, of Littledean-, John ,of Spot- tifwood; John Carre, of Nijbett; James Haig, of Be-merfide; and John Ferriar, of Coldingnows, F.squires, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter Of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth J viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Sir Alexander Purves, Baronet, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads from Ednom Bridge, to Lanes, and from Ednom Bridgl to Eymouth, and the several Roads branching therefrom; that they are extremely ruinous, and narrow in many Parts, and that the - Statute Labour is instifficient to repair the fame.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Ednom Bridge, to Compton's Lanes, and from Ednom Bridge to Eymouth, and several other Roads, ‘in the County of Berwick: And that Colonel Pringle, Mr. Pringle, and Mr. , do,

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for paving Wapping Street, in the County of Wiping, Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading _

<into the feme; and for removing all Encroachments and "T,0®‘

Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the -future; and for opening a Paflhge from Hermitage Street, into Nightingale Lasse, and for paving such Passage, and the East Side of Nightingale was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, the Lord-Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in thi Speaker’s Clumber. 1

Mr. West presented to the House, according to Order, Alvefton a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Alvtfton, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second 'Lime.

Mr. James Duisdas reported from the Committee, to.Cr*'r'nn‘|Prid*» whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several of the Trustees to an Act passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Cramond Bridge to Queen's Ferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Farmers, and Traders, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Fife, fub-icribing, was referred; That the Committee had exa-

\6o 13b Februarii. A. 1771.

mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had'dirtfted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. Thomas , being examined,

laid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Repair of

the said Road, but is not yet completed, and have bor-, rowed the Sum of f. 250, which still remains due, and

cannot be repaid, and the Road repaired during the subsisting Term of the said Act.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of in the County of Linlithgow: And that Mr» James Dundas, Sir Alexander and Mr. Dundas, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kcw shnreham A Petition of Hugh Roberts, now in the Custody of Elation. serjeant Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, with all Humility acknowledging the Offence by which he hath incurred the Displeasure of the House, and their Justice in punishing him for the fame, and begging their Pardon, implores . them to extend their wonted Humanity and Compassion to him, by discharging him from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Hugh Roberts be brought to the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged.

foundling Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Hospital — Account of all Monies received and paid, by the 1 Go--A'cou"t$ vernors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Main-or ere tenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 31st Day of December 1769, and the3ill Day of December 1770, with the Balance, then remaining; and also, an Account of the Number of Children, received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices, between the said 31st Day of December j 769, and the said 31st Day of December 1770;

distinguishing the Number placed out in each Mbnth,

and how many with, and now many without. Apprentice Fees, and bow much such Fees have amounted to in each Month; and also, an Account of the Number of the said Children who have been returned to their Parents, between the said 31st Day of December 1769, and the said 31st Day of December 1770; and also, an Account of the Number of the said Children who have died between the said 31st Day of December 1769, and the said 31 ft Day of Dece 1770; and also, an Account of the Number of the said Children who were living, under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians, on the said 31st Day of December 1770.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, do lay before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children, received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1770, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1771, inclusive.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

toconsider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, M?an*. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read; ’

And the said Order being read accordingly;

kefolved. That th is House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Spain — several Papers, which were presented to the House, by F^icIajd’* the Lord North, upon the 25th Day of Jantiary last, *tt by His Majesty’s Command; and by Mr. Sutton and Mr. Buller, upon the 4th Day of this Instant February.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for the Communication which His Majesty has been graciously pleated to make, of the Declaration signed and delivered by the Prince of on the

Part of his Catholic Majesty, the 22d of January last, and of His Majesty’s Acceptance thereof.

To testify to His Majesty our sincere Satisfaction, at finding that the King of Spain has, in Compliance with His Majesty’s just Demand, disavowed the violent En-terprize against Port Egmont, in Falkland's Island, and.

engaged to give immediate Orders for restoring all Things to the Situation in which they stood before the Time of the said Enterprize.

To express our Hope, that the Spirit of Moderation, as well as the Firmness, which His Majesty has manifested in His Conduct upon this Occasion, will, by inclining the other Powers of Europe to concur with His Majesty in His Views of preserving the general Tranquillity, prove the Means of securing to His Majesty and His People the permanent Enjoyment of honourable Peace.

And to assure His Majesty, that, in every Situation, His faithful Commons will steadily persevere in giving His Majesty their most affcftionate and zealous -Support.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the End of the First Paragraph, to the End of the Question;

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

The'House. divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlenfor, heVcaS,{""W. |275*

Tellers for the Noes, 5 JJr' I Mr. Seymour: }I57»

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, To.return His Majesty, the Thanks of this House, for the Communication which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to make, of the Declaration signed and delivered by the Prince of ferano, on: the Part of his Catholic Majesty, the 2ad of January last, and of His Majesty’s Acceptance thereof:

To testify to His Majesty our sincere Satisfaction, at finding that the King of Spain has, in Compliance with His Majesty’s just Demand, disavowed the violent En-terprize against Port Egmont, in Falkland's Island, and engaged to give immediate Orders for restoring all Things to the Situation in which it bey stood before the Time of the said Enterprize:

To express our Hope, that the-Spirit of Moderation, as well as the Firmness, which-His Majesty has manifested in His Conduct upon, this, Occasion, will, by inclining the other Powers of Europe to concur, with His Majesty in His Views of prfcferving the general

Tran-

11 Geo. III. 130 — 140

Tranquillity, prove the Means of securing to His Majesty and His People the permanent Enjoyment of honourable Peace:

And to assure His Majesty, that, in every Situation, His faithful Commons will steadily persevere in giving His Majesty their most affectionate and zealous Support.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Three of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

Jovis, 14® die Februarii;

Anno ii° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1771. Prayers.

Horninglow, OIR William Bagot presented to the House, accord-&c; O ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Indo ure. Common ancj Waste Ground, within the Township or Hamlet of Horninglow, in the Parish of Burton, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Melkiham A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common and Bath Council, of the City of Bath, in Common Council af-Roads. sembled, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making, widening, and repairing, a Turnpike Road, from Melhsham, by or near Broughton, Wrax-hall, and Farlywick, in the County of Wilts, and from thence to the Bottom of the Hill near to Bathford, in the County of Somerset, and for carrying the said new Road across the River Avon, by a Bridge near to Bath-ford, and from thence to , and from thence

to the new Bridge which is now building across the River Avon, opposite to the said City of Bath, near to the present Ferry, thereby to avoid the present Road from Bath to Melhsham-, as also for making a new Turnpike Road from Bradford to Farlywick, and from that Part of Odd Down, near the Old Glass House, which communicates with the Turnpike Road leading to Froome and Warminster-, and from a Part of the Road, near the Red Lion, to or near a Place called Bar-rocks, where the said Two Roads would join, and from thence by or near Lyncomb, and from thence to the End of the said Bridge, which is now building across the River Avon, opposite to Bath, near the Ferry; which is a Scheme intended only for private Emolument, and, if carried into Execution, will (by laying additional Duties on the Public) be highly injurious to the City in general, and to the Petitioners and to their respective Lessees holding Estates under them in particular: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may, by themselves or Counsel, be heard against such Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to make a Road from by or

near Brighton, Wraxhall, and Farlywick, in the County of Wilts, to the Bottom of the Hill near Bathford, in the County of Somerset, over the River Avon, to Bathwick, and from thence to the Bridge now building near the Old Ferry, opposite the City of Bathand also a Road from Bradford, to join the above-mentioned Road, near Farlywick-, and also a Road from the Froome VOL. 33.

Februarii. 161

Turnpike Road on Odd Dozm, to a Place called Bar-

rocks -, and from a Place called the Red Lion, in the

Wells Turnpike Road, to Barrocks; from thence by

Lyncombe, and to the said new Bridge; be brought

in.

Mr. Willoughby pfefented to the House, according Stapleford, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open *' Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures, Inc 0 ore* within the Liberties of Stapleford and Bramcote, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crowle presented to the House, according to Myton Carr, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Com- Vernon Pasture, called Myton Carr, in the Lordship of *nclosure‘ Myton, in^he Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fitzherbert presented to the House, according to Earl Ferrer’* Order, a Bill for more effectually veiling the Reversion Mates, in Fee Simple, of and in divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, and Stafford, in Washington Earl Ferrers, and his Trustees j and for confirming Letters Patent granted thereof, and of certain other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, to the said Earl, in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was re- ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Melton, c. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Jncl°fure« Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Melton, in the Parish of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Herring resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Fuhwy* consider further of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Thame* whom the Petition of John, Robert, James, and William Embankmen‘-Adam, and James Paine, Architeds, Dorothy Monck,

Widow, Clementina Pawson, Widow, and William Kitch-iner, C^pal Merchant, was referred, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order, made Yesterday, for the Supply. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order, made Yesterday, for the Ways and House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committee*, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

T t A Message

102 14° Febru* A. r *

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Selkirk The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act RoaJs. for en|arging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of r, without any Amendment: And also,

Spenal Ash The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Roads. for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal , in the County of Warwickto a Street called in the Town of Birmingham, without any Amendment: And also,

Avlefbary The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act locloiure. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, within the Township and Liberties of , in the County of Bucks, without any Amendment: And also, Colle'e The k°r^s have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Adfc 0 e^e* for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Morden College, in the County of Kent, for enabling His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenfione Hill, in the Parish of Eafi Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and , Pensions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in the said College, without any Amendment: And also,

LordDucie’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Name. enable the Right honourable Thomas Lord Dude, and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthezv Lord Ducie to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

News- The several Orders of the Day being read, for the Papers. Attendance of R. Thompson and

Ordered, That the said R. Thompson and J. Wheble do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Election*1" Hugh Roberts was, according to Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The Reprimand was as followeth;

Hugh Roberts,

You have been convicted, upon the cleared and most satisfactory Proof, of returning a Member so this House, against a very great Majority of Votes admitted by yourself, and which now stand upon the PoU.

This Offence, considered in the Abstract, and without the accompanying Circumstances, is a Crime of an atrocious Nature; it strikes at the very Being of this House: for, if Practices of this Sort were to obtain, the Commons of Great Britain, who are now the Represen-tatives of the Free People of this Kingdom, would be merely the Delegates of corrupt Returning Officers.

In vain have our Ancestors been anxiously careful to secure the Freedom of Elections, by all the Means Human Wisdom and Forefight could fugged; in vain have they particularly guarded against the Partiality of , the Returning Officer, and obliged him, by every Tie, to a faithful Discharge of that Trust, which the Constitution hath repoled in his Hands, if Men are to be

found daring enough to fend Members to this House, who were never chosen by the legal Electors.

You have said, that you did not receive tire Votes absolutely, but only admitted them to poll conditionally, and subject to future Rcvision, as appears by the Queries set against their Names.

I think this Circumstance alone, was it true, would not much avail you; for I have always been of Opinion (although 1 do not know that the Resolutions of the House have gone so far) that the Practice of receiving Votes with Queries by the mere Authority of the Returning Officer, and without the Consent of the Parties, is illegal; I am sure it is dangerous; for, if once it be admitted by this House, that the Returning Officer has a Right to receive Votes upon Terms which are to subject them to his future Decision, after the Poll is doled, and the Numbers known, it will always be in the Power of that Officer, so to manage the queried Votes, as to return which of the Candidates he pleases; and; if he is either an artful Man himself, or artfully assisted by others, he will also be able so to do the Business, as to make it difficult to set afide what he hath done, and more difficult to punish him for doing it.

But your same does not afford you even this Exj cufe; for it has been proved, that, although you reserved the queried Votes for future Discussion and Rc-consideration, you made your Return without either, as soon as the Poll was over; rejecting, as you declared, all those who had voted for One of the Candidates (which amounted to a great Majority of the Whole) on account, as you alledged, of Corruption; notwithstanding you had administered the Oath against Bribery to all, except One, of those you thought proper to reject.

There are, however, Circumstances in your same which greatly extenuate your Offence, and which the House hath, with Pleasure, laid hold of, to mitigate the Severity of your Punishment; and this they have done at the Recomendation of those very respectable Gentlemen who composed that Committee, which, by its Conduct upon this Occasion, hath merited, not only the Thanks of this House, but the general Applause of the Public. — By a steady Attention to Justice, and a firm Perseverance in obtaining it, they have surmounted a Variety of Difficulties, in carrying into Execution a new Law, which has founded a new Court of Judicature, for the Trial of Parliamentary Elections; a Law which, if it continues to be executed for the future, with equal Abilities and Integrity, as it has been in this Instance, will be a Blessing to this Country, and do Honour to the Memory of the Person who planned, and to the Parliament which adopted and passed it.

You have proved, that you were formerly a Member of a Club, in the Borough over which you presided, which hath profanely assumed the Name of The Christian Club-, a Club, instituted for the most infamous Purpose, that of felling the Borough to the highest Bidder; that this Club consists of a great Majority of the Electors; and that the Members of it bind themselves, to one another, and to Secrecy, by Oaths, in Writing, and Bonds with large Penalties; that they carry on this scandalous Traffick by a select Committee, who never appear or vote at any Election, on account of their Scruples of Confidence, having actually received the stipulated Price of the Borough; but that the rest of the Members of this Club vote as they are directed by their Committee, and, without Hesitation, take the Oath against Bribery (as they did in the present Instance) and, when the Election is over, receive their Share of the Price which has been paid to their Factors.

You proved likewise, that you voluntarily quitted this Club, in February last, when there was no Vacancy, and when you could have no Expectation of being the

Returning

ii Geo. III. i4° — 18'

Returning Officer, in case a Vacancy should happen It has likewise appeared in Evidence that you acted by the Advice of Counsel.

And you have insisted, that though you may have acted illegally, you have not acted intentionally wrong; and that you should not have rejected the queried Votes, if you had not been convinced in your Conscience that they were all corrupted.

These are the favourable Circumstances under which the House have considered your Cafe; and, on Account of them, have inflicted upon you the mildefl Punish-nient that the Nature of their Proceedings will permit.

And I am, in Obedience to their Commands, to REPRIMAND you for this Offence; which I now do: And I am, by their Order, to acquaint you, which I also do, that you are discharged, paying your Fees.

Ordered, Nemitte contradicente, That Mr. Speaker be desired to print the Speech by him made, upon reprimanding the said Hugh Roberts.

Forth and Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

Clyde Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

Navigation. And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, or River of Forth* at or near the Mouth of the River of Canon, in the County of , to the Firth, or

River of Clyde, at or near a Place Called Dalmuir

foot, in the County of , and also a collateral

Cut from the same to the City of; and for mak-

ing a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of , to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of , to the Firth, or River

of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of and for making a Na-

vigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of to join the said

Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncet 18® die Februarii;

Anno ii° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Westminster SfRdered, That the Copy of the Proceedings of the

Paving. Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second, Third', Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of minster, &c. from the 23d Day of January 1770, to the a 7th Day of November 1770, both inclusive; also an Account of all Contrafts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 23d Day of January 1770, Vol. 33.

Februarii. 163

to the 27th Day of November 1770, both inclusive; and also the Copy of the Treasurer’s general State of Accounts with the Commissioners for paving, iSc.

Jler, from the 29th September 1769, to the 29th September 17 70; and also. Copies of the general State of Accounts of the several Receivers to the Commissioners for paving, Off. Westminster, from Lady Day 1769, to Lady

Day 1770, be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, is committed.

Sir George Colebrooke presented to the House, accord- East India ing to Order, a Bill for the more effectually railing a Affairs. Military Force for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State Ditto, of the Land Forces now in India, in the Pay of the East India Company; specifying the Numbers of each Corps, and the pay of each Rank in each Corps, and distinguishing the Europeanuhom the Natives.

Sir William Bagot presented to the House, according Strettoo, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Ac. Open Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Inclosure* Commons, and Waste Lands, in the several Hamlets of Stretton, Horninglow, Bond End, and Branfton, within

the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Sir William Bagot presented to the House, according Stapenbill, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open jDC*fore. Fields, Common, or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Hamlets of,

and Winjhill, in the County of Derby: And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

The Lord Belafyfe presented to the House, according North to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Mojkham Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, nc 0 ttie* within the Townships of North , Holme, and

Bathley, in the Parish of North Mufkham, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Goodman’s to whom the Bill for better paving the Streets, Squares, &c-

Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, *'nnS* in that Part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middltfen, and also Red Lion Street and White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields 1 and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was committed; That the Coma mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered!*

i^-

Whitechapel

Faying.

Macartney's

Will.

Thame* and Isis Navigation.

18° Februarii. A. 1771.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary , other-

wife Whitechapel, which lies in the county of ,

and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Farmers, and others, of the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others passing from the said County, through Mile End, to London, and Parts adjacent, on the Turnpike Road; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and Inhabitants of Houses, on the South Side of the public High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, appointed (among others) to put in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highway from Stones End, at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and other Places, in the County of Essex, and also of several Gentlemen and others frequently passing the said Roads; and also, the Petition of divers Freeholders, Farmers, Traders, and others, residing in the County of Essex; and also, another Petition of divers Freeholders, Farmers, Traders, and others, re-liding in the County of Essex; and also, another Petition of divers Freeholders, Farmers, Traders, and others, re-liding in the County of Essex; and also, the Petition of le-veral of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways, from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Woodford, in the County of Essex, and for enlightening and watching Part of the said Highways, from Whitechapel Church to Stratford, and for repairing the Roads through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex, were referred; That the Committee had considered the first and last mentioned Petitions, and had heard Counsel in Support of the second mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the’Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of Francis Macartney, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Britain and Ireland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Clayton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And the fatne was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Robert Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to Boston West, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Captain Samuel Pitchford, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Sir Samuel Cornish, deceased, pursuant to his Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for discharging from Tithe certain Lands, in the Parish of Sebraham, otherwise in the County of Cumberland, and for making Compensation to the Curate of the said Parish for the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of and County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Robei l Bertie, Mr, Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Elgin,

Cullen, Kintore, and Inverury, in the room of Sir Andrew Mitchell, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and of several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and, Mr. Henry Browne and Mr. Edward Hibgame, being severally examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 3,900, which, together with other Debts necessarily contrafted, amounting to £.4,620. 6 s. 8 d.is now owing, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road completed, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: That the Act is in several other Respects defective, particularly by the Restraint laid on the Trustees from erecting Gates but at particular Places, whereby the Payment of the Tolls are evaded, and do not produce sufficient to carry the Purposes of the Act into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and^Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Edward AJlley and Mr. De Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County

‘of

Boston WeS Inclosure.

Pitchford’*

Name.

Sebraham

Times.

Shirbeck

Inclosurtf.

Bamff, $cc New Writ.

Norwich

to

Scole Bridge Road.

Norfolk Houses of Industry.

11 Geo. III.

18° Februarii.

165

Fairfield,

tec.

Indofare.

of Norfolk, was referred} That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table ‘ Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To provetthe Allegations of the said Petition, the honourable Henry Hobart, being examined, said, That the Poor are extremely numerous in many Parts of the said County: — That they are not properly maintained or taken Care of; and that it would be a great Benefit to the Poor in general, as well as a considerable Saving of Expence to the County, if proper Houses were provided for their Reception and Relief.

John IVodehouJe, Esquire, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would be a Benefit to the Poor, and an Advantage to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places within the County of Norfolk, if a House or Houses of Industry were provided for the Reception, Maintenance and Employment, of such Poor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

establishing a House or Houses of Industry, in the County of Norfolk, for the Reception, Maintenance, and

Employment, of the Poor, belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said County: And that Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Milles, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr. Jackson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pasture, Commons, and Wdfte Grounds, within the Township, Hamlet, or Liberty, of

Fairfield, in the Parish of Hope, and County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pasture, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Hamlet, or Liberty, of Fairfield, in the Parish of Hope, and County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavtndish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl of Calherlough presented to the House, ac- Birmingham cording to Order, a Bill to continue, 'add render more ,otJkgct 1 effectual. Three Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of Road,. King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Reading others, of the County of Berks, whose Names are there- and Puntfield unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to continue, and render more effectual', several Adfs, fbrrepairing the Highways between the Bear Inn, in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Highway between a House in '

land, in the Occupation of Edward Sheppard, and - the West End of the Highway by the said Acts directed to ' be repaired, and also the Highway from Bofiock Lane to Pangborne, in the said County; and setting forth, That the Highway leading from the great Bath Road at the Direction Post, to Aldermaston, near a Public House, called The Rising Sun, to a Brick Arch at the End of

Froude's Lane, on the Turnpike Road leading from Punt-field to Alderma/lon, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Luws in being i And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* fideraiion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Va, Mr. Barrow,

Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, East Garfton Downs, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste Iridofure. Grounds in the Manor and Parish of East in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vanfit-

Chesterfield,

&c.

Canal.

ColHngham,

See.

Read.

Kilham,

lodolore.

A Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from ChefierjUld, in the County of Derby, through or hear Workjop and Retford, te join the River Trent, at or near Stockivith, in the County of Nottingham, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wetheto the City of York /

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Kilham on ihe Woulds, in the County of York,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir George Suvile, &c.: And they are to meet Vol. 33*

tart, Mr. Montagu, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stapleford, Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures, within the jnclj£’re>. Liberties of Stapleford and Bramcote, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Hodge*, art. other Inhabitants, in the County of Sussex, was pre- Roed. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from a Place called the Swingatt, in the Parish of Burwafh, in the said County, to a Place called

Stone Gast, in the Parish of Ticehurfi, and through the ’

Parishes of Ticehurfi and Wadhurfi, to a Place called ShoverGreen, where it joins the T urnpike Road from Tunbridge Wells to Swiftfden, in the County of Sussex, is, in many Parts, very narrow and founderous,' and, in the Winter Season, almost impassable: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill, for re* pairing and widening the Road from a Place called Hodges, in the Parish of Mayfield, to Beadle's Hill, in the

U n Parish

166 l8° Februarii.

Parish of Ltnjkld, and from thence to the Town of

Cu. if eld, and the Road branching out of the same at Beadles Hillaforesaid, to the Town, of; and also

the Road from the present Turnpike Road between the Towns of Cuckfieldand Crawley over Saint Leonard's Forest, to the Town of all in the County of

Suffer, for repairing and widening the Road herein first mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the flatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

b -

Kryham.&c. Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to

lucloiure. whom the BiH for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in in the Parish of Rothleyand County of,

was. committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfadf ion of the Committee (except Four Persons, whole Property consists of Five Yard Lands and One Quarter, who refused to figm the Bill, but made no Objection to the fame; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consist of 43 Yard Lands and Three Quarters; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

gjrofled.

Oxford An ingrafted Bill for better regulating the Poor, with-Poor’ in the City of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better regulating the Poor, within the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Indolare A ^or dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of in the County

: - of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. West, Mr. Skipwith,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mjrton Carr A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

Inclosure. P^fture, called Myton Carr, in the Lordshipof Myton, in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the Town and County of Kinyston upon Hull, was read a Second Time.

Re/o/vtd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crow/e, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for thei Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving and regulating RofemaryLane, from the Parish of

Aldgaie, to Cable Street, also the said Cable Street, the Foot Path in the Back Lane; the Precirxft of Well , the! Street leading from Nightingale Lane, to Butcher Rqw, and Brook Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the fame) and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and representing ta the House, that if the said Bill should pals into a Law, as it is now formed, it would in many Respects be im-« possible for the Petitioners, to execute such Matteirs as they are by the said Bill required, to perform, as the Law now stands; and that there are several Parts of the said Bill relating to the Power of the Petitioners, as Commissioners of Sewers, which will be extremely of-prelfive and inconvenient: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill; and that they may receive such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Landlords, and Owners of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, m Rosemary Lane, Ratcliff High*, way, and other Places thereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That, if the said Bill' should pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, it will be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore pray--ifig, That they may be heard, by themselves or Coun--fel, against such Parts of the said BiH-as may affect them; and'that they may have such Relief as the House' shall fee meet.

And the said Petitions were severally qrdered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill. is. committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, be-’ fore the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if' they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do aJlmit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, between the 26th of December 1769 and the 26th of December 1770, and not provided for by Parliament: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1771.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

The said Account and Estimate are as followeth; viz.

Sewers:*^ Rosemary Lane, See* Paving.

Army.

t* Geo. III. 18° Februarii.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services' incurred* and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 26th of December 1769 and the 26th of December 1770* and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Guy Carleton, Esqr; Governor of Quebec, for Public Services there ----- 860 — 1 —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by D% for D® Services at D° - -- - 5,499 7 2

To Bills of Excha. drawn by He£tor Thecphilus Cramahi, Esqr; for Public Services at Quebec To Bills of Exch. drawn by Ulysses Esqr; Lieutenant Governor of Grenada, for Public Services there - - 715 3 —

To Bills of Exch. drawn by D°, for D° Services at D® 3,500 — —

to a D% drawn by D®, for D® Services at D° - - -- 200 — —

To Bills of Exch. drawn by Robert , Esq'; for Public Services

in the Ceded 1 hands ——

Jan'J 16th* To a Bill of Exch. drawn by James Grant, Esqr; Lieutenant Governor of IVcfi Florid^, for Public Services there - - - - 422 18 —

April27,h* To a Bill of Exch. drawn by D°, for D* Services at D® 442 6 —

Dec. io,h- To Bills of Exch. drawn by D°, for D° Servicesat D® - 1,053

Jan1? 16th* To a Bill of Excha. drawn by Frauds Esqr; for Public Services ----- 44 15 —

Dec. io"1. To a Bill of Exch. drawn by D°, for D® Services - - 46 10 —

April 27th* To a Bill of Exch. drawn by John , Esq; for D® -Services -

March li. To a Bill of Exch. drawn by Col1 RoF , Lieut. Governor of Gibraltar, for Public Sendees there ---- 703 15 9!

Aug* 16"'* To a Bill of Exch. drawn by D®, for D° Services at D® 651 8 1

Oblo. 9,h To a Bill of Exch. drawn by Sir William , Bart. Govr of

Jamaica, for the Service of the Musquito Shore -

FebruJ itf‘ To Tho Harley and John Drummond, Esq". to be by them*applied and inverted in purchiafing of and Portugal Coins, for the Use

and Services of the Forces in North America - 50,000 — —

Juneia, lu To D®, to be by them applied and inverted in purchasing of D®, for the Use and Services of the Forces in D° - -- - - -- -- 20,000 — - —

Sepr 15th* To D", to be by them applied and inverted in purchasing of D®, for the Use and Services of the Forces in D® - -- -- - - -- 30,000 — —

Jan’s 22*" To Arnold Ne/bitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esq"; for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, and for Provisions issued to sundry friendly Indians, between the 25th of and the

1,725 14 11

2,249 1 9

,»77l —

*»7°5 9

24th of Oflor 1769 29'*’ To D°, for victualling the Forces at New New Jersey, Massachusetts Bay, and South Carolina, between the 24th of August and the 24'" of 1769 FebrJ 9,b* To D°, for Victualling the Forces at Fort Chartres and Kajkajkais in the Illinois, between the 19th of May and the 5'h of Sept. 1769 ——

Aptil i8,h* To D°, for, viCtpalhng the Forces at Neve York, New Jersey, and MassachusetBay, between the 25'b of October and the 24,h of Decent' 1769 -

Vol. 33.

1770. Januy i6,h*

Dec' io,k®

Jan't 16 th-

April 2 7th-Dec.ioth-

il

£i s. d.

- 6>359 7 2

3.325 *0 7

4.415 3 ~

2,500 — —

t :.T '

1,918 4 —

91 5 —

76 10 —

*>3 Si 3

194 3 —

160,006 — —

168 i 8°Februarii. A.

Dates of Warrants.

,77°*

To D®, for victualling the Forces at Quebec and

treal, between the z$,k of and 24* of Deceit? £.

1769 ------- 1,719 6 — -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Province of

Penjylvania, between the 25"" of and the

24" of Deceit? 1769 - -- -- - - 796 6 4

To D®, for Provisions decayed and damaged zt. Quebec and Montreal, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1768 - -- -- - 2,676 12 z

June 6tl* To D®, by Way of Advance, but upon Account of

Provisions laid in Store at Quebec and Montreal - 5,100----

13'* To D\ for victualling the Forces at D% and for Provisions issued to sundry friendly Indians, between the 25*h of Deceit? 1769 and February 1770 - 1,725 10 11

To D", for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, Bay, and

South Carolina, between the 25'11 1769

and the 24th of March 1770 ----- 3,785 6 3

July 4,fc* To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks,

Esq'*} for victualling the Forces in the Province of

Penjylvania, between 25th De? 1769 and 24'" March

17 7° ------- 937 — 11

igtk. To D®, for Provisions delivered at Montreal, for the Use of the Forces in the several Forts in the upper Country, between 26,h February and 26th March

1770 - -- -- 6,531 19 5

To D\ for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of

Quebec and Montreal, and for Provisions for the friendly Indians, between the 25,h of February and the 24th of April 1770 - -- -- - 1,658 3 2

28tk- To D\ for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and the Mafachujetts Bay, between the 25th of March and i4,h of May

1770 - - -.....- i,344 4 "

Odor 1 o'*" To D®, for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, and for Provisions issued to the friendly Indians, and for the Troops at the Three Rivers, and at Kammourajkas, between the 24th of April and the 24,k of June 1770 - -- 3,883 11 8

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Penfylvanta, between the 25'* of March and the 24^ of June 1770 - - -- --_ 705 5 —

t4*fc* To D®, for Provisions deposited in Store at Fort Chartres, Kajkajkias, and Cahoki in the Illinois, between the 6th of Sep? 1769 and the 1" of June 1770 - 3,(95 11 8

Nov 8th* To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and the Mafachujetts Bay, between the 25th of and 24,h of June 1770 - - - - -.....* - 1,209 5 6

30th' To D°, by way of Imprest, and upon Account - - 8,000-----

Dec. 3<* To D®, for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, and for Provisions to sundry friendly Indians, at Quebec, between the 25'* of June and 24th of August 1770 - -- 1,657 13 9

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and the Bay,

between the 25* of July and 24th Sept. 1770 - - 1,213 16 3

January 16*’ To Chauncey Townsend, Esqr; for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 28th August and 24th Sept.

1769 - ,-----

To D®, for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, between the 25th of Sep? and the 19"* of Odor

x769 ’ -

29,h' To D®, for victualling the Troops and Train of Artillery for 365 D‘, from 29,h of Deceit? 1768 to 28'1*

Dec. 1769 - -- - - -- -Febr i4,h* To D°, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 20,h Nov. and 17'* De? 1769 - -

Mar. ai"* To D°, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between j8,h Dc? 1769 and 14th January 177°....

490 9 8

974 6 —

2,392 5 5

501 1 11

482 1 6

54,091

171l‘

!. J.

n Geo. III.

18° Febrtiarii.

Dates of Warrants.

I77°-April 27th*

June I"’

To the Representatives of the late Chauncey Towns-end, Esqr, for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, between the 15th January and nlh

x 7 7° - -

To D®, for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, between the 12th of February and ii,h of March

177° -..... -

July 4th* To D®, for victualling Part of the Forces in D", between the 12th of March and the 8lh April 1770 -Aug* 1G'1’* To D°, for victualling Part of the Forces in D°, between the 19th of April and the 3d of June

177° -: - - - ....

To D®, for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, between the 4th of and the 1" of July 1770 To D®, for victualling the Troops and the Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, from 29th of Decern' 1769 to the 28,h of 1770 - - - _ To D®, for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, between the 2d of July and the 26th of Aug' 1770 To D®, for victualling Part of the Forces in D°, between the 27th of and 23d Sep' 1770

Sept. 5,h-Otto. 24’hi

Nov. 30th* Dec. 20th*

479 7 5

481 l7 10

481 17 10

1,023 11 —

459 5 5

1 *795 16 10

943 19 2

309 18 11

03cf I8,h To Robert Jones, Esqr; by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia -

Jan* 16th- To Richd Vernon Sadlier, Esqr; for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 28,h Aug* and 19th Novr 1769 - 903 10 8

Mar. 28th. To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between the 29th Nov. 1769 and 14th January 1770 - -- - - -- -- 605

To Richard Vernon Sadlier, Esqr; for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 13th of

January and the i*' of March 1770- - - - - 652

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D°, between the 12th of March and the 3* of June 1770 - - - -- 962 1 8

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between the 4th of June and the 26th of *77°..... 908 5 7

June i*' Aug* 16th' Nov. 30th*

9 7

6 11

Jan'y 16th" To Edward Codrington, Esqr; for victualling the Forces in West Florida, for the Hire of Storehouses, and for Provisions damaged by long keeping, between the 23th April and 24th June 1769 i>239 19 4

Mar. ij'*' To D®, for victualling the Forces in D®, for Provisions damaged by long keeping, and for 27 Tierces of Rice delivered to the Troops, between 25"1 June and 24th Otto' 1769 ---- 1,825 4 9

May iotb* To D®, for Provisions condemned, and for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrisons at Penjacola and Mob ille - -- 2,317 11 10

Aug* 16,h* To D®, for victualling the Forces in West Florida, and for Provisions damaged by long keeping, between the 25th of Otto' 1769 and the 24"* of February 1770 - -- -- 935 13 5

Otto. ioth‘ To I>, for victualling the Forces in D’, between the

23th of February and the 24th of June 1770 - - 833 18 7

24th’ To D°, for victualling the Forces in D®, between the

25th of August 1768 and the 5th of July 1770 - - 1,352 3 I

FebrJ 9,h* To Witter Cuming, and Render Mason, Esq"; for victualling the Forces in East Florida, between the 23th of April and the 30"1 of SeptemV

1769 - -- -- 2,586 18 5

Apr. i8,h* To D®, for victualling the Forces at

and at the Out Posts thereof, between the 25th of

Aug’and the 24'* of Decern' 1769 ----- 2,999 12 9

June 2o’h- To D®, for victualling the Forces in East Florida, between the 25,h of Decern' 1769 and 23d Febr*

1770 - -- -- 882 18 5

Aug* i6,h- To I)°, for victualling the Forces at St. August ine,

between the 24th of February and 24,h of April 1770, and for victualling the Forces at the Out Polls of D", between the 25th of 1769 and the i‘* of May 1770- - - 1,140 19 6

Vol. 33- X x

l(>9

£. s.

10,815 18 11 3,000----

4.031 *4 5

8,504 11 —

170

18° Februarii.

Dates of

Warrants.

A. 1771

770.

Novem

2 3

<1.

Tam* i6,h* March 28th* May x o'"*

0£lor 24'11* Detf 34*

To IF it ter Cuming and RenderMafon, Esq"; for

victualling the Forces at St. Augujiine, between the 25th of April and 25th August 1770, and for victualling the Forces at the Out Polls of D®, between the 9*h of May and 24*b June 1769, and also for Provisions damaged, between the 30th of July 1769 and the I9,b of June 1770 -

To William Smith, Esqr; for victualling the Forces in and

other Services ——

To D°, for victualling the Forces at , c.be-

tween the 1" of July and the 15th of Sep 1769 To D°, for victualling the Forces at and

other Services, between i6,h Sep and 21" Dec'

*769 ....

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the

i*' of January and the 30th of June 1770 -

To D\ for victualling the Forces at D®, between the

i* of July and the 31" of Aup 1770 - -

£. s.

2,352 3 5

Senegambia, 876 6 and 1

I>323 3 6

1,507 14 7

4,609 7 1

1 >033 18 5

Jan'J 2z*‘ To Anthony Bacon, Esqr; for victualling the Forces in the Idand of

St. Vincent, between 1*' Jan'J and 31*' Aug’ 1768 - 2,756 1 6

March 2t"* To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Ceded Idands ——

April 27,h* To D°, for victualling the Forces in D# - - - -May 24th" To D\ for Provisions shipped at , for the

Idands of St Vincent, Dominand Tobago, and for victualling the Forces within the said llland of Grenada, between the 1" of and the 31" of March 1770 ——

Sept' 1 j,h* To D#, for Provisions shipped from Grenada, for the Forces at St. Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago, and for victualling the Forces at Grenada, between the 31" of March and 30th of June 1770 - -

Dec' 17th* To D% for Providons for the Forces in the Ceded Idands.....----

2,821 2 10

3>685 *4 5

3,046 4. 7

3.212 16 —

4.212 16 7

Ofio' i6,h’ 18"*’

*769-

Dec' I2lb*

‘77°-

Jan’J 16th-

Mar. 13th"

May io'b* June 2o'b’ Sept' b1’'’ OR? io,h-Nov. 23d*

Jan'J 29th

To John Durand, Esqr; by way of Imprest, and upon Account for

victualling the Forces in the Ceded Idands - - - 3,000----

To D°, by way of further Advance, for victualling the

Forces in D° Idands - -- 1,500----

To Zachary Philip Fonnereau and Sir Merrick Burrell, Bar*, for victualling the Forces at Gibraltar, between the 17th of July and the io*b of Sept' 1769 -

To D°, for Insurance of Provisions sent to D® for One Year, from i2,h Sept' 1768 to io,b 1769 - -

ToD®, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 1 i,b of Sept' and the 8th of O£lor 1769 - - .

To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the

9,b of OEl' and the 5"* of Novem' 1769 -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 6,b of Nov' 1769 and the 31" of Decern' following ....

To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 1" of January and the 25th of February 1770 - -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 26th of February and the 2 2d of April 1770 - -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 23d of April and the 17th of June 1770 - _ _ -

To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 18th June and the I2,b of August 1770 - - . _

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 13th of August and the 9,h of Sept' 1770 - .

To D°, for Insurance on Provisions sent to D°, for One

Year, from 1 i'h Sept' 1769 to the 9th i-jjo - 375

3»852 11 3

4H 7 —

‘.917 5 7

i>921 2 9

3,805 9 5

3.797 3 1

3>798 J5 7

3>856 8 9

3'836 — —

i>873 — —

To Nicholas Linwood, Esqr; for Provisions sent to Minorca, for the Supply of the Garrison there, by way of Imprest and upon Account ---- - - 4,500----

9,962 11 6

9>35°

9 8

20,744 15 11

4,5°° —

29>444 5 _

4

11 Geo. Ill

18° Febr

Date) of Warrant).

I77°.

Dec. 3d* To Nicholas Linwoodfd{<f', for Provisions sent toD°, for the Use of D°, by way of Impress and upon Account 7,000------

1769.

Nov. 21 * To Anthony Bacon, Esqr; for Provisions and Forage delivered to the

Troops in the i/7e of Manbetween the 8"1 of and the 30th of

1769 ------ 189 9 —

1770.

Feb. 14th* To D° for Provisions and Forage delivered to D°, in

D®, between 1" Ofiorand 31" 1769 - - - 238 5 7

May 24,l, To Anthony Bacon, Esq'; for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of Man, between the 1" of January and the 5th of April 1770 - - 251 10 7

Sept. 6th* To D° for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in D®, between the 6th of April and 7th of July 1770------- - 231 98

Nov. 8,h> To D° for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in D°, between the n,h of July and Sept. 1770 - -- - 210 10 1

1769" k Nov. 30th

177°. Jan'J 29th-

Feb'y i4,b*

April i8,h'

May io,h* June 13th'

20

tb.

29

tb.

July 25‘h-Sep 6,b*

1

.th.

a

27

th.

VOL. 33.

To Anthony Bacon, Esq', and Lewis Chauvet, Esq\ for Forty Negroes supplied and victualled by them in the Island of Tobago, between the 1 " of April and 30th June 1769; for Public Service - 23514 3

To D®, for Sixty-seven Negroes supplied and victualled by D°, in the Island of Grenada, between the 1" of July and the 30th Sept. 1769; for Public Service - -- --To D°, for Forty-four Negroes supplied and victualled by D®, in the Island of Dominica, between the 30th of June and the 30th of Sept. 1769; for Public Service -

To D% for Sixty-eight Negroes supplied and victualled by D®, in the- Island of Grenada, between the 1" of OEi<f and the 31" 1769; for Public Service -

To D°, for Forty-two Negroes supplied and victualled by D", in the Island of Tobago, between the i* of June and 31" Dec. 1769; for Public Service -To D°, for Forty-four Negroes, supplied and victualled by D°, in the Island of Dominica, between the 30,h of Septemr 1769 and the3i" of March 1770, and for Sixty-five Negroes, supplied and victualled in the Island of Grenada, between the 3i" of Decenf 1769 and the 31" of March 1770; for Public Service ——

To Anthony Bacon, Esqr; for Negroes supplied by him for the Public Service in the Ceded Islands -

To Anthony Bacon, Esqr, and Chauvet, Esq';

for One hundred Twenty-seven Negroes, supplied and victualled by them in the Island of S' Vincent, between the 30"1 of June and the 31" of Decemr 1769; for Public Service ——

To Anthony Bacon, Esqr; for Negroes supplied-by him for the Public Service in the Ceded Islands -

' To Anthony Bacon and Lewis Chauvet, Esq'*» for Forty-two Negroes supplied and victualled by them in the Island of Tobago, between the 1" of January and 31." of March 1770, and for One hundred and Twenty-seven Negroes, supplied and victualled by D* in the Island of S’ Vincent, between the 31 " of Decenf 1769 and the 30th of June 1770, for Public Service - -

To D®, for Sixty-five Negroes supplied and victualled by D°, in the Island of Grenada, between the 1" of Apr. and the 30th of June 1770, for Public Service ——

To D°, for Forty-four Negroes supplied and victualled by D®, in the Island of Dominica, between the 31" of March and the 30th of June 1770; for Public Service -

39° 3 3 257 16 4

386 18 . 4 492 4< —

880 12 9

3’5°°----

1,472 3 10

3,000----

1,694 1 9

374 1 3

255 — 4

171

£ * i-

11,500 -

1,121 4 II

12,938 I7 I

172

18° Febru.

A. 1771

Dates ot Warrants.

1769* Dec. 23d.

*759-7«/v 31"'

1760.

20'll‘

I 766.

l8,h*

*769-

>/y 28th*

1770.

27'h*

AVo. 28,h-

1769* k Aug 24 *

Z)tY. JO,h*

23<-

Dec. 23d*

1770.

9,h-

26,h-

FcbyJ 9,h

.?<?/>/. 27th*

i4,b-

3I,h-

Feb. 28th*

hilar.

;o'*

To Anthony Bacon, Esqr; for Assurance on Provisiotis, sent by him to Senegal and Goree, for the Forces there -

To 365 D* Pay of T/io‘ Cuthbert, Esq’j as a Supernumerary Captain in the 19th Reg* of Foot, from £5"* Dec' 1769 to 24th Dec 1770 ----- 182 10 —

To 365 D’ D® of Sam' Lejlie, Esqr; as a D# in the i4,h

Regiment of Foot, from D® to D® - - - 182 10 —

To 365 D* D® of George Monro, Esqr; as Commissary of

Stores in Scotland, from D® to D° - - - 18210 —

To Meffr’ Drummond and Cox, for the Pay of Five additional Surgeon’s Mates of the 36th Reg* of Foot, Rationed in Jamaica, from the 25th of

1768 to the 24,h of April 1769 ---- 103 13 9

To D®, for D° of D®, from 25 th April to 24"" Olio.

1769 - -- -- 156 2 7

To D°, for D® of Six D®, from 25th Oil. 1769 to 24<h

June 1770 - -- - 220 6 —

To 366 D* D®, of Jonathan Mallet, as Surgeon to the Hospital in North America, from 25th of

1767 to 24th Decemr 1768 ----- 183-----

To the Representatives of the late L' Get)1

for the additional Allowance^for the Contingent of the Garrison of Minorca, for 337 D’, from the 26th of March 1745 to 25th February 1744- - -- 461124$

To 365 D* Pay of James Porteus, Esq'; as Barrack Mailer at Fort William Augustus and Ofwegatchie in North America, from 25th June 1768 to 24th June

1769 ..... 73 ——

To John Powell and George John Cooke, Esq"; Agents

and Solicitors to the Invalids, for 365 D* Pay of

Two Supernumerary Captains, from the 25th of

Dec' 1768. to the 24th of Decemr 1769 - - - - 352 6 —

To Lieut. Col. Morrison, for 365 D* D# of his 2 AffiR* as Quar' Mailer Gen1 of the Army from D‘ to D® - -- -- - -- -- 182 10 —

To Major Gen1 Harvey, for 365 D‘ additional Pay as

Adjutant General, from D® to D® - - - 365----

To Major Milward, as Commandant at Loutjbourg,

for 183 D* Pay, from 25th June to 24'* Dec. 1767 - 68 12 6

To Robert Adair, Esq’j for 365 D1 Pay, as Inspector Gen1 of the Hospital, from 25"* Dec' 1768 to 24"'

Dec' 1769 - -- - 547 10 — .

To Jn0 Byron, Esqr; for 365 D‘ Pay, as Gov' and Command' in Chief of the Island of Nn and the Territories dependent thereon in America, from the i4,hof February 1769 to the 13th of Feb* 1770 547 10 —

To D°, for 181 D‘ D°, as D® of D®, to the i3*h of -

gufl 1770 - -- - 271 10 —

To Major Barry S‘ Leger, for 183 D’ Pay as Superintend' of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24,h Dec. 1769 - - -- - 160 2 6

To D®, for 182 D* D®, as D°. from 25th Dec. 1769 to

24th June 1770.....- - - 159 5 —

To Mefl" Meyrick and Porter, for 183 D* Pay of Eight additional Surgeons’ Mates to the 66th Reg* of Foot Rationed at Jamaica, from the 25th of June to the 24th of Decern’1769 ----- 242 13 10

To L* Col. Jif Campbell, for 365 D* Pay, as Command' at Jersey, from 25th Dec. 1768 to 24,h Dec.

1769 - -- --..... 365 ——

To Capt. John Lind, for 406 D’ Pay, as Inspeflor of the Public Works at Mobille in Florida, and /'Vcwr/;Interpreter there,.from the 22® of Olio' 1763 to the 24'h of Dec. 1764 - -- -- - 253- 15 — ’

To Col. Will" Amherst, for a Year’s Pay as Aid de

Camp to His Majesty, to 24"* Dec. 1769 - - - 200-----

£ * 4,oco -

11 Geo. Ill

18° Februarii

*73

Dates of Warrants.

i. d.

1770. Apr. 26*’

Nov. i*' 16th*

July 26th*

29th*

3l

t.

a?/. 27th-

28th*

Mar. 31!t-

March 21st-Z)ecr 13th*

i8,b‘

y^xe 27""

28th*

May i6,h. OEltf 16th.

1769.

Nov. 2i'

V«t.' 33-

To Capt. Frazer, fof 177 D’ Allowance as Commissary

for inspecting the demolittiing of the Cunette Forts and Batteries at Dunkirkfrom the nth of 0£?ar 1769 to the 5th of April 1770 -

To D% for 188 D* Allowance as D°, from 6% April to the io, hof Oflo' 1770 -

To 365 D* Pay of Major Gen1 as Major Gen1

in North America, from 6th Dec. 1768 to 3th Dec.

f769 -

To Russell, Esqr; for the Pay of the late

Campbell, as Barrack Matter of Fort Chartres and

Kajkajkias, in Na America, from 25th 1765 to

24 lhDec. 1769 ——

To James Stewart, for 365 D* Pay as Commissary of

Stores and Provisions at S' , Newfoundland,

from the 18th of Sept. 1762 to the 17th of Sept.

1763 ....

To John Christopher Roberts, Esq'; for 183 D* additional Pay as Commissary General of Stores and Provisions at Quebec, from 25th of June to 24th of Dec' 1769 -

To Lieu' Gen1 Monckton, Major Gen1 Murray, and Major Gen1 James Johtston, for their Trouble and Expence in reviewing His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1770 - -- -- -a

To Brigad' Gen1 Fred1 Hadlimand, as Brig' Gen1 in North America, from 12th to 24th Dec' 1765 - -

To Lieut. Col. Wilkins, for 3650* Pay, as Commanding Officer at Fort Chartres Illinois, from 25th Dec. 1768 to 24th Decern' 1769 -

To Major Blaguire, for 365 D‘ Allowance, in lieu of a

Troop of Light Dragoons, from 25th Dec. 1769 to 24th Dec. 1770 -

To Major Rooke, for 365 D* D®, as Major to the late 98 th Regiment, from D° to D* -

5^5 10 7-

282-----

912 IQ ---

292 4 —

182 IQ — -

54 18 —

2*737 10 —

19 10 —

136 17 6

282 17 6

273 15 —

To George Ross and John lnglis, Esq"; fot Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces quartered in the Garrisons of Fort William, in Castle Duart, and Fort Augustus, in the Barracks of Bernera, Inverfnaid, Corgar Castle, and Braemar Castle, and in the Garrison of Fort George, from the 1stof January 1769 to the3i5,of Dec' following -To Humphrey Bland Gardiner, Gent, for Necessaries furnished to the Forces in N Britain, for the Charges of the Encampment, and Money issued to the Officers,£sV. Anno 1769 -

To Jn? Campbell, Esq'; Cashier of the Royal Bank of

Scotland, for a Bill of Exchange drawn by him for furnishing Specie to the Troops there, from 25tk Decern' 1768 to 24th Decern' 1769 -

To the Marquis of Lome, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions in North Britain ——

To the Duke of Argyll, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions in D° -To the Representatives of the late Governor Caulfield, being the Balance upon his final Account, as In* ’ spector of the Roads in D°

2,013 4 1

>,826 7 5

317 8 —

300----

300 — —

2,573 11 11

To John Pozvdll, Esq'; for His Majesty’s Proportion of Coals, being 9011 Chaldrons delivered at Gibraltar for the Use of that Garrison between the 5th of Oclor 1769 and the 7th of April 1770 .

To Andrew Clinton, Esq'; to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces that are or rtiay be in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock -

To D°, for divers Utensils for the Use of the Barracks at D®, from 23* Sept-. 1768 to 24th D 1769 - -To D°, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles, for the Use of the Forces at D® -

500----

191 1 6

500----

To Sir John Mordaunt, for the Difference of keeping in the House in the Summer 1769, sundry Horses belonging to his *

Regiment of Dragoons - -- -- - *c

Yy 5*

9 r-

10,901 1 6£

1>332 it 5

i,397 6 6

lii9t 1 6

T#

i74

Dates of Warrants.

1769.

1770. JanrJ 16*-

April 30th*

NoV. 2trt* Nov 21 * Dec. I3,b

airt*

April 27th*

3°,h* «SV//' 27th*

27th'

oa</ 16th-

Mar. 14th-

Dec. 25th-May i6tfi-

18° Februarii.

To Lieutenant General Elliott, for D°, in D° Summer, of his Regiment of Dragoons -

To Lord Robert Manners, for D®, in D° Summer, of his Regiment’of Dragoon Guards - - - - -To Lieutenant General Elliott, for Extra feeding of the Horses, and for an Allowance to the Non-commission Officers and Private Men of his Regiment, during the Time they were employed oh His Majesty’s Duty in the Year 1769 - - - *

To Sir John Mordaunt, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1776, sundry Horses belonging to his Regiment of Dragoons -

To the Earl of Pembroke, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1770, sundry Horses belonging to his Regiment of Dragoons To Lord Robert Manners, for D°, in D° Summer, of his Regim' of Dragoon Guards -

To the Marquis of Lothian, for D°, in D° Summer, of his Regiment of Dragoons -

To Lieutenant Gen1 Mqjlyn, for D®, in D° Summer, of his Regiment of Dragoon Guards -

To Earl Waldegrave, for D®, in D® Summer, of his

Regiment of Dragoon Guards -

To Lieut* Gen1 Howard, for D®, in D® Summer, of his Regiment of Dragoons -

To Col. Burgoyne, for D®, in D° Summer, of his Regiment of Dragoons -

To D®, for Extra feeding for the Horses, and for an Allowance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, of his Regiment, employed on the King's Duty, Anno 1770 -

To the late Duke of Argyll's Regim' of Dragoons, for the Difference of keeping in the House, iundry Horses in the Summer 1770- - - - -To Gen1 Cholmondeley, for D®, in D® Summer, of his Regiment of Dragoons -

To Mr. Pearce, to make good the deficient Offreckonings of the 8

Reg' of Foot, from 6th July 1767 to 1768 - 32 16 7

To Colo1 Mackay, in lieu of 57 D® Offreck’, for the

Additional of his Regiment of Foot - -- - 6178

To Major Gen1 Scott, in lieu of 68 D’ D®, for the Additional of his Regim* of Foot ---- 73 47

To Col1 Cunynghame, in lieu of 50 D’ D®, for the D* of

his Regim' of Foot - -- 62 97

To the Marquis of Lome, in lieu of 50 D‘ D", for the

D® of the 1" Battalion of his Reg1 of Foot - - 62 9 7

To Lieut. Gen1 Colville, in lieu of 50 D* D®, for the

D® of his Regim' of Foot - -- -- 6297

To the Earl of Eglintoune, in lieu of 50 D3 D°,of the

D® of his Regiment of Foot ----- 62 97

To Colonel Waljh, in lieu of 50 D3 Offreckonings, for the Additionals of his Regiment of Foot - - - 62 .9 7

To Vincent Mathias, Esq1; to make good the deficient Offreckonings of the 24th Regim' of Foot, from the 6th of July 1768 to the 5,h of July 1769 - 42 19 8

To Col. Robert Cunynghame for Levy Money, for an Augmentation to

his Regiment of Foot - -- -- - 730-----

To Major Gen1 Gore, for D°, for an Augmentation to

his Regim* of Foot - -- 730----

To the Earl of Eglintoune, for D®, for an Augment"

to his Regim* of Foot - -- -- - 730-----

To Colo1 Waljh, for D®, for an Augment" to his Regiment of Foot - -- - 730--

To Levy Money, for an Augmentation to the Reg" of Dragoon Guards, Dragoons, and Light Dragoons ---- ---- - 18,367 — —

To D", for an Augmentation to Forty-four Battalions

of Infantry ----- - - - 54,978 — - —

To Robert Adair, Esq*; Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or may be drawn upon

495

279 — if

300-----

338 17 6

167 4 —

238 1 6

32 (3 10 —

167 4 —

167 4 —

211 16 6

495 17 ~

300-----

211 16 6

167 4 —

A. 1771.

4,012 1 t

522 16 $

76,465 — —

him.

ii Geo. III. 18° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

177°.

t.

OB. 31 NoV. 2l"‘

»769- h

Mar. 30,h‘

OBo. i8,h-

177°* „ Janry 16' *

June 29,h* Dec. 26th* Jan'J 26th*

FebJ 9,b* 28th*

March 2*‘ 12th*

30th*

Ayr. a6‘',

i8,h‘ May io'.lu

16th'

him, for the Pay of divers Extra Surgeons and Surgeons Mates in

the Ceded Islands, &c. upon Account - - - - 1,000- —

To D°, for the Pay of D® in D° ---- 396-

To D°, for the Pay of D® in D® ---- 1,300-

To the Representatives of ChristianBoom, deceased, for the Hire of a Vessel employed to carry a Flag of Truce from the Mosquito Shore to the Bay of Honduras, in the Year x 763 - - - 892 17 1

To George Gamier, Esq'; Apothecary General, for Medicines, Drugs, Surgeons Instruments, and other Materials, provided by him, for the Forces in North America, the West Indies, Africa, &c. in the Years 1768 and 1769 - ----- 1,766. 14 5

To John Blackburn, Merch' for supplying Four Vessels employed on the Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, and Huron, in North America, from the 10th of

May to the xo,h of Nov. 1769 ---- 1,660 -

To D°> for supplying Four Vessels on D® Lakes, from the io, hof Nov. 1769 to the io, hof M 1776 t,6oo ——

To D®, for supplying Four Vessels on D° Lakes, front

the io'hof May to the io'hof Nov. 1770 - - - 1,600-----

To Major Gen1 Harvey, for conting' Disbursements as Adjutant General, from the 25'* of 1768

to the 24th of Decern' 1769 ----- 385 9 6

To Hugh Palliser, Esqrj to indemnify him in an Action brought against him for Matters done in the Execution of his Office, as Governor of Newfoundland ----- ---- - 989 15 3

To Major Barry S‘ Leger, for his contingent Disbursements, as Superintendant of the recruiting Service, from the 25th of June to the 24,h Dec.

1769 - - - -.....- - 93 3 9

To D®, for his D®, as Ditto* from the 25,h of Deer 1769

to the 24th of June 1770 - - - - 107 — 2

To Capt" Frazer, for his conting' Disbursements, as

Commissary at Dunkirk, for the Year 1769 - - 28 10 6

To Charles O'Hara, for the Support of a Vessel employed for the Defence of the Bar of the River Senegal, from the 12th of Decernr 1766 to 15th

1769.....- 1,069 5 —

To Lieut. Col. Morrison, for his conting' Disbursem'* as QuarT Mafr Gen1, from 25th Dec. 1768 to 24th Dec. 1769 - -- - 342 8 7

To William Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, to be paid over to several Artificers for Work done by them at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard, Somerset House, S‘ James's, Whitehall, Kensington, and Hampton Court, Amo 1769 ----- --- 1,702 15 3

To Cap' Scipio Rey, to reimburse him the like Sum expended in 1763, in the purchasing, building, and repairing Houses in the Island of S‘ Vincent, for the Accommodation of the Troops there - - - - 1,500 — - —

To Lieut. General Whitmore, to make good a Deficiency, in the Recruiting Fund, of the 9th Regim' of Foot, on their landing in Ireland ----- 280 10 - —

To Col1 Grant, Governor of East Florida, for the Purchase and keeping up a Schooner, for the Service of East Florida, for One Year, from the 29th

of August 1769 to the 29th of Auguj 1770 - - - 417 5 —

To Whitwell Butler, for the Rent of a House in the Island of Senegal, for the Use of the Chief Jultrce there, for One Year, from the 17"’ of February 1769

to the 7'h of February 1770 ----- 60-----

To John Trotter, Esqr; for Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces at Antigua and Grenada --- ----- - 610 11 —

To Charles Conner and David A/gco, in full Satisfaction

and Discharge of the appraised Value of a Vessel impressed into His Majesty’s Service at Quebec, on the 14th of June 1760, and was afterwards stranded and loft in the River S‘ Lawrance ----- 400-----

Vol. 33.

!75

c ’ </

2,696-----

Tq

17 6

18° Februarii.

A. 1771.

Dates of Warrants.

1770.

ti

June 6

tk.

tb.

27

July f'

th*

*3

July 24,h-

th.

*7

Aug* i6lh*

3>’

Sept. 5,h. 08' 16th*

iS'11'

AVv. 28,h>

to the Right honourable 'Thomas Harley and John Hillman, Esqr; for Freight and Insurance, in fending Cloathing to the Invalids doing Duty at sundry

Garrisons - --------------------- *45 «4 1

to Major Rogers, towards repaying him sundry Expences incurred by him in the Years 1766 and 1767, in purchasing Goods for Presents to the Indians in North America - -- -- - 3’°00

To John Ellis, Esq'; for the Purchase and keeping up a Schooner, for the Service of the Province of Florida for One Year, from 1" January 1770 to

1" January 1771 - - -..... 3*3

To John Lamb, Esq'; to reimburse a Sum charged twice against the Pay of the 29th Reg* of Foot, for Provisions, between 25th June and 24th Aug 1766 - 3*3 11 2

To Jonathdn Carver, in Compensation for his Loss of Time, and Expences in making sundry Maps,

Charts, Plans, Discoveries, and Observations, in

the interior Parts of North America ----- 1,129 *3 3

To MeiP’ Gompertzand Hey man. Merchants, for the Hire of a Vessel employed in the River,

from the 14th of April to the 1" of May 1766, in landing the Troops there, under the Command of

Charles O’ Hara, Esq' -

To the Representatives of Tho‘ Powe, deceased, fot supplying the Indians, in the Province of Nova Scotia, with Provisions and other Necessaries, in the Years 1761 and 1762 - ---- 872 *7 11

To Col. Faucitt, as Secretary to the Marquis of Granby, for contingent Disbursements, for the Service of the Army, from August 1769 to February 1770 ‘ - - - 103 8

To Mr. JVatfon, for sundry Inhabitants of Nova Scotia, for Provisions and Necessaries supplied by them to the Indians there, from 1761 to 1767 - - - 2,52?

To John Conrad Murhard, in Repayment of a Deduction made from a Warrant, dated the 23'* of Januaty 1762, for the Pay and Subsidy to the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJel ---- 274 *4 10

To Robert Adair, Esqr; for his contingent Disbursements, as Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, from the 25th of June 1769 to the 24"* ,

of June 1770 - -- 586

To John Campbell, Esq'; for Pay Bills for Boatmen,

&c. and fear Provisions for them, belonging to a Scout Boat employed in South Carolina, from 28th of May 1769 to 27,h of May 1770 - - - 355 1 3*

To Francis Lewis, in Reimbursement of the like Sum advanced by him, for carrying on the public Works at Oswego - -- - 2,613 3

To Col1 Boyd, for the Subsistence of the Additional to the 39th Reg* of Foot, and for the Pay of the Quarter Matter, previous to the Commencement of their Establishment - -- 3x5 14 11

To Rob* Browne, Esq'; for the Hire of a Sloop* employed in His Majesty’s Service in the River Senegal ------ -- 100 —

To Samuel Smith, Esq'; for the Hire and Loss of a Vessel employed in His Majesty’s Service in the River Senegal - -- 290 "

To the Earl of Panmure, to make good an Overcharge for Provisions issuedtothe 21" Regiment of Foot, in the Year 1766 ----- 363 14 6

to the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Four Companies of Lord John Murray’s Regiment of Foot fenr from Ireland to the Isle of Man, from the 26,h of Septem’ 1770 L , U ‘J of Decem'following, both indufive..... 0 t[K 24th

28,977 6 —

91 17 ii

437,828 9 t

Towards

♦I*

Earl

Ferrers’

KiUtes.

11 Geo. Ill;

Dates of Warrants.

18° Februa

177

Towards which may be applied the following Sums; viz.

90 D* Differehc'e of Pay between the British and Irish Establishments of Four Companies of Lieut' Gen1 Brown's Regiment of Foot, lent from the Isle of Man to Ireland, from the 26th Septem' 1770, to 24, K Dec. foil, both inch - - - 91 17 if

The Sums voted for victualling the Forces at Gibraltar, in North America, East and West Florida, Ceded Islands, and Africa - ---- - 55,836 15 I

In the stands of the Right honbU Rich1 Rigby, for Provisions delivered to the Regiments serving in North America and Minorca, between the 25^ of

June 1769 and the 24th of June 1770 - - - - 21,972 16 3

-------- 77»9°t 8 5l

Remains to be provided fdr by Parliament 359,927 —

War Office, Feb. 18* *771.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1771.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

15,873 Out Pensioners landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital; at 5 d. per Diem ----- ----- 33® >3 9 120*700 t8 9

103 Letter Men, at 12 d.fer Diem, each - -- 5 3 — 15 *

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem 1 3 3 4*4 3

16,007 337 123,005 — -

FrOttl Which deduct, The Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds* Which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying the Expence out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year *77* - - - --- -- it, Ooo — -

Remains to be granted upon Account; for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital* for the Year 1771 - £ 112,005 — *

War Office, i8'h February 1771.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for more effectually veiling the Reversion in Fee Simple, of and in divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Derby, Leicejl Nottingham, and Staf. ford, in Washington Earl Ferreand his Trullees; and for confirming Letters Patent granted thereof, and of certain other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Vol. 33.

Northampton, to the said Earl, in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for other Purposes therein mentioned was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitz-herbert, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Melton, in Z 2 the

Melton,

£CC.

Inclosure.

178 18° FebruariL- A. 1,771.

the Parish of Welron, in the East Riding of the County of The House being informed, that Mr. Se- Foundling

York, was read a Second Time. cretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Edu- ^ofPita!*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lafcelk’s, cation of exposed and deserted Young Children, attended Mr. Fitzherbert,&c.: And they'are to meet this After- at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented noon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Cham*- to the House pursuant to their Orders, ber. ‘ N° 1. An Account of all Monies received and paid,

by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Lord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Ducie’s enable the Right honourable Thomas Lord Ducie, and Young Children between the 31st Day of 1769,

Name, j,;s jfl*ue to (ake the Surname of floret on, and to bear and the 31st Day of December 1770, with the Balance and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable then remaining: And also,

Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to the Will of N° 2. An Account of the Number of Children, re-the said Matthezv Lord Ducie, was read a Second ceived into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Edu-Time. cation of exposed and deserted Young Children on or

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Alexander before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been Gi/mour, Colonel S' Leger, &c.: And they are to meet placed out Apprentices between the 31 ft Day of this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ber 1769, and the 31st Day of December 1770; distin-Chamber. guishing the Number placed out in each Month, and

how many with, and how many without, Apprentice Spain: — Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported tq the House, Fees ;and how much such Fees have amounted to in each

F|flklTi,-tlut f^e’r Address of fVednesday last had been presented Month: And also,1

' to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to re- N°3. An Account of the Number of Children, received ceive the same very graciously. into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of

exposed and deserted Young . Children on or before the Melton, Notice being taken that his Majesty’s Interest is con- 25th Day of March 1760, who have been returned to &c. cerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain their Parents -between the 31st Day of 1769,

Inclosure. Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and the 31st Day of December 1770: And also,

of Melton, in the Parish of Welton, in the East Riding of N° 4. An Account of the Number of Children, re-the County of York; which Bill was this Day read aSe- ceived into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Edu-cond Time, and committed; cation of exposed and deserted Young Children on or be-

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- fore the 25th Day of March 1760, who have died, be-"quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been in- tween the 31st Day of December 1769, and the 31st Day formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Con- of December 1770: And also,

sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that N° 5. An Account of the Number of Children, received the House may do therein as they shall think fit. into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of

' exposed and desertedYoung Children on or before the Brough, Sir George Savilepresented to the House, according to 25th Day of 1760, who were living, under the

*vc. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Care of the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospi-Roads. the |jow Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near tal on the 31st Day of December 1770: And also,

Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East N° 6. An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining of Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Children received into the Hospital for the Mainte-the Town of Brough, and from thence, through South nance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the Children on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from said Riding: And the same was received; and read the the 31st Day of 1770 exclusive, to the 31st

First Time. - Day of December 1771, inclusive.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. _ . And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate Westminster. Ordered, That, the Committee, to whom the Bill to were read.

Paving, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made re- The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

lating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, ' Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Li- followeth; viz.

berty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, is committed,

„ have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An

New Store ham Eiedioo.

11 Geo. III.

18° Februarii.

179

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of Maintaining of the Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children On or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of Decemberi770,excluGve, to the 31st Day of December 1771, inclusive.

The Number of the said Children living, under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital, on the 31st Day of December 1770, was Three hundred and Ninety-six - -

The Expence of maintaining whom, at the usual Calculation of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings each, amounts to Two tlmifand Nine hutidred and Seventy Pounds only; which is no more than the Expence of Cloathing them at One Pound each, and Two Shillings and Six-pence a Week for Nursing: but a greater Expence mull accrue this Year, by reason of those Children who are diseased and infirm, and consequently cannot be placed out Apprentice,

Beside the above 396 Children, there have been taken into this Hospital since the 25th of March 1760, 338 Children, most: of whom were under the moll distressed Circumstances, or Orphans of Soldiers and Sailors, whereof 34 have beeen Apprenticed, 9 claimed, and x 16 dead, so that there are 199 Children now alive, which are wholly maintained and provided for out of the Income arising from private Donations, and are not, or ever have been, estimated to Parliament.

Signed by Order of the Committee,

396

Tho' Collingwood, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Hearing of the Inquiry into the Transactions of the Society, assuming the Name of " The Christian ," at the Borough of New Sboreham, in the County of

Sujj'ex.

And several Witnesses were examined, touching the Proceedings of the said Society.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Francis Hajelgrove, Thomas Hafelgrove, John Junior,

Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas , J unior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William

Cheesman, Richard Blair, George Browne, John John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, John Bicknell, Mathias Trufer, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, James Robinson, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsfiejli, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook, Junior, Richard Ti/stone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles, Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Dame', William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman,

Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooter, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emcty Churcher, John Worton, Walter Broad, Thomas

HoUiitghatn, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Samuel fft If on, Clement Freeman, William William Jupp,

Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver,

Thomas Robinson, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman, Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henr^y Robiand Henry

Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Par- VOL.33.

liament, for the Borough of New Shorekam, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Fuller, Lord Charles Spencer,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fielde, Mr. Alderman Trecothick, Sir Edward AJUey, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Marsham, Mr.

Richard Fuller, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Thomas Howe,

Mr. Whately, Mr. Byrne, Mr. Ongley, the Lord Henley, and Mr. Dunning, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Diuo.

His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order His Attorney General to prosecute William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, for an illegal and corrupt Conspiracy, in relation to the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- wh^u. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants,

Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Liverpool, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Resolvecj, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- \v.-,yS aid ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole M;ans. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing-the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

i8o

190 FebrUarii.

A. 177t

Martii) 190 die Februarii 5

Anno ii* Georgii III,a Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

ft elding ORDERED, That the Report from the Commit-

Afonkeyiiiud tee; to wh°m 'the Petition of several Gentlemen) Caml. Freeholders, Clergy, arid others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts) and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribedj Was referred, be received upon Kforning nexti

M*c»rtney*t An ingrafted Bill for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of Francit,

Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity) in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the Third Time.

Refo/veJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of Francis Esquire, de-

ceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hill Mr. Coventry reported from the Committee, to whorii Creotne the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields; Indofare. Meadows, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hil in the County of Wor-iefter, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about One Sixth Part in Value of Estates, having a Right in the Lands to be inclosed, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, though many of them made no Objection to the Inclosure j and that no Person appeared before the.Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto) which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One) and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sproxton Mr. T 'horotonreported from the Committee, to whom lndofure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields^ Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sproxton, in the County of was committed;

oj That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House) and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Nether The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Wyerfdale whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Barniker Moor, inelofure. within the Manor of Nether in the County

8

Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Heirs of One Man, whose Interest is of the Annual Value of £. 15, and the Trustees of some Lands left to Charitable Uses, of the Value of £.3 a Year; and that the Lands entitled to Right

Of Common on the said Moor, are of the annual Value of £. 1,500; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone througfi the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the'Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill to continue, and reridet more eifec- Bowes, tual, an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign &c. of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End R°ad-of Middleton Tyas Lane, to Greetabridge, and from thence

to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thoroton reported from the Committee, to whom Saltby the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- InclosOrd. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Saltby, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone-through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amehdments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Reading the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Puntficli others, of the County of Berks, whose Names are there- Roads, unto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Randal, being examined, said, That the Highway leading from the Great Bath Road, at the Direction Post, to Aldefmaston, near a Public House, called the Rising Sun, to a Brick Arch, at the End of a Lane/ called Froude’s Lane, on the Turnpike Road, leading from a certain Place called Puntfield, to Aldermajlbn, is in a

ruinous Condition, and narrow, and incommodious to

Passengers,

11 Geo. III. 190 Fehruani. 181

Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Initrudlion to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, for repairing the Highways, between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; aird for repairing the Highway between a House in ham land, in the Occupation of Edward' Sheppard, and the West End of the Highway, by the said Acts directed to be repaired; and also the Highway from Bostock Lane, to Pangborne, in the said County, is committed i That they have Power to mike Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Highway, leading from the Great Bath Road, at the Direction Poll to Aldermaston, near a Public House called the to a Brick

Arch, at the End of a Lane called Fronde's Lane, on the Turnpike Road leading from a certain Place called Puntfield, to Aldermaston.

Whitechapel An ingrossed Bill for better paving that Part of the Paving. High Street, in the Parish of Mary

otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middlefx, and for removing Obstructions and Annoy* ances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obllrudions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kirkby Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to Mallory whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields Inclosure. and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, in the County of Leicejle, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

WeR Ashby Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, accord-laclosure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of WestAjhby, within the Manors of Horneastle and West

AJl.by, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time#

York, Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee, over to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Skipbtidge Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

Vol. 33.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and LantrilTeot Others, of the County of Glamorgan, whose Names are Roadi. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, Application has been made, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road, from the Town of Lantrijfenl to Velm Vawr, being Part of the Road leading from Latt-

triffent to Cowbridge, and several other Roads in the County of Glamorgan; and that the Roads leading from Croes-fatte or Crofta, to the Sycamore Tree, being Part of the Road leading from Lantrijfenl, to the Port of Barry, and from the Old Furnace to Newbridge in the County of Glamorgan, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow

in many Places, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually1 repaired and widened by the Laws in being:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said last: mentioned Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and othefs of the County of Glamorgan, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom Birmingham the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put and in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the ®r^f|roTe Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, a *’ and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to the Town of in

the County of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; and Mr. Charles Stewart informed your Committee, That the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution, have proceeded in the Repair of the said Roads, and for that Purpose have borrowed several Sums, amounting to £. 900, on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which now remain unpaid; and that the said Sum, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied towards the Repair of the said Roads, but that the same cannot be completely amended and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

Mr. James Woodhall, and Mr. Thomas Ha'nfon, being severally examined, said. That the present Road, leading from Birmingham, across Bourn Brook to Bromsgrove, is very ruinous, and leads through a hollow Way, and, on Account of the Scarcity of Materials, cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair; and that the Witnesses apprehend the Purposes of the said Acts would be more effectually answered if the said Road was discontinued, and a new one made from Birmingham, to Bourn Brook, over and through certain Grounds in the Parishes of Birmingham and Edgbafton, which will be nearer and more easily effected, as there are Plenty of Materials proper for that Purpose; and that the several Land Owners, through whose Lands the new Road is intended to pass, are confcnting thereto.

3 A

18s 190 Februariu A. 1771.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road, lending from the Town of to the

Town of Dudley, in the County of and from the said Town of Bromsgrov to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of so far as the said Acts

relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to; the said Town of

And that Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir 'joint

tejley, and Sir William do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Btrmtnptum Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the and Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution We.l"e(b.uy *j\Vo Acts 0{ parliament, ma, de in the Thirteenth Year °* of the Reign of King George the First, and in the 2ift Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesburr, to a Place called left, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Biffoir, and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinford, in the Counties of ' , Stafford,

and Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as, it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Qerk’$ Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; and Mr. Char lee Stewart, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied towards repairing the said Road.

That the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term and Pow ers granted by the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, nude in the ijih Year of the Reign of King George the First, end in the 21st Year of the Reign of King George the Second, lor repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of uejbttry, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet , next adjoining to the Township of; and from Great Bridge, through , to and to

the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Wore eft er: And that Mr. , Mr.

Dowd.ftoell, Sir William Bagot, and Sir John do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Knirf(borough, Mr. Daniel Lafcellesreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresboroughin the County of York, by

Long F/att Lane, Gouldjbrough Fields, Flaxby,

Mau/everer, and Scale Moor, to Greenbammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they lrad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Tadcaster, whom the Bill to enlarge the d erm and Powers ot an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Y’ear of his late Majesty, for 0 repairing and widening the Road, from the Town of Tadcaster, through Co/lfnghatn, . Harewood, Arthington, and

Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the PeeM«, Committee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders &e-and Heritors of the County of P,in North Bri- Roa<1*' tain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Andrew Nielfon, being examined, said. That the Roads

described in the Petition, are very ruinous and incommodious, and in many Places narrow and dangerous, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for - repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles, to the King's Eatedgc, and to Know-

burnfoot, and to the Top of Minchmoor, and to Loch-head, in the County of Peebles: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Dn/cftmdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to StienffhaTH Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Common, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Stone, County of Stafford, whole Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Slone, in the County of Stafford, to the Road between Newiastle and Uttoxeter, at Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir —

Heath; and also the Road from Stone to the Road between Cheadle and Sandon, at or near Dray cot; and also the Road from the said Road between and

Uttoxeter, at Meir, to the Road in Trent ha m; and representing to the House, that the Road from the Leek and Sandon Road, on Meir Heath, to the Road between Newcastle and Uttoxeter, at Blithe Bridge, and also from Trentham to the Road between Stone and at

Stableford Bridge, are in many Places ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, from Heath to Blithe Bridge, and from Trentham to Stableford Bridge, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Hodgr% to Horihim Roads*

Wapping

Paving.

11 Geo. IIL iq ° Februar 183

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,- and Freeholders, of the County of Stafford, is referred: Arid that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, in the County of r, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report, ini his Plate; and afterwards-, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table t Where the fatnb -was read; and is as followeth; biz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Stephen Fuller, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Roads described in the Petition are, in many Parts, very narfow and foundevous, and in the Winter Season almost impafe l'able for Carriages, and dangerous for Travellers on Horseback, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from a Place called Hodges, in the Parish of Mayfield, to Beadles Hill, in the Parish of and from thence

to the Town of Cuckfield, and the Road branching out of the fame, at Beadles Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Lindfield-, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road, between the Towns of Cuckfield and over

Saint Leonard's Forefi, to the Town of Horsham, all in the County of Sussex, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from a Place called Swingate, in the Parish of Burwash, to a Place called Shover Green, in the Parish of Ttcehurfi, in the said. County.

A Petition of the Comrtiissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving Wapping Street, in the County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame, and for removing all Encroachments and Ob-(Iruftions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street, into Nightingale La)ie, and for paving such Passage, and the East Side of Nightingale Lane, and representing to the House, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it is now formed. It would in many Respects be impossible for the Petitioners to execute such Matters as they are by the said Bill required to perform, as the Law now Hands; and that there are several Parts of the said Bill relating to the Power of the Petitioners, as Corh-missioners of Sewers, which will be extremely oppressive and inconvenient s And therefore praying, That they tnay be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill; and that thq- thay receive such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-1 ^deration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving flapping Street, in the County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame, and for1 removingall Encroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street, into Nightingale Lane, and for paving such Passage, and the East Side of Nightingale Lane, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Vo*~ «

The House was moved, that the Grdef, shade Yefier- East India day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more Assai s. effectually raising a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company, upon TAiurfday Severtnight; the 2;StlV Day of this Instant February, might be read.

' And- the said Order was rfcad accordingly ':

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, ' having taken the Oaths, artd made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the’Laws made for those Purposes v;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tirrv, tipori Monday Sevennight, the 4th Day of Match next.- -

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Merchants trading to /Ifrica, being offered to be pre- Company, fented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have'laid before the House, an Account of the Sum granted for the Year 1769, examined, and passed, by the Cursitor B^ron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa-, and that they have invested the Money grantedjn 1770, for the Support and Maintenance of the several Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State, by the Royal African Company, and the Sums annually granted by Parliament being nearly ex- -: -

pended in the Maintenance and Pay of the several Garrisons, leaving very little for the Repair of the said Forts* the House granted the Sum of £. 2,boo in the Year 1768, towards the Repair of Cape Coafi Castle; but, no Money having been granted for that Purpose last Year, that necessary Work is in a great Measure suspended, and many of the other Forts likewise remain in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Petitioners being fen-fible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of , therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum fot the necessary Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, and likewise for the Repairs (till wanted, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, For the Attendance Privileges* of B. T/tompfon and J. IVheble-,

And the said R. Thompfonznd f. not attending;

the Messenger, to whom the Orders of the 8th Day of this Instant February, were delivered, being called upon to give an Account of the Service thereof, acquainted the House, That he had served the Orders of the said 8th Day of February, for the Attendance of the said R. Thomp-fonand J. IVheble, upon Monday the lith Day of this Instant February; but that he had not served them with any further Order for their Attendance, on this Day,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That R. Thompson not having attended this House, this Day, ih Obedience to the Orders of this House, is thereby guilty of a Contempt of this House;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journals of this House, of the 3d Day of March 1746, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to IV. Lever-land, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz,

T*

184 19° — 20°

To leave out not having attended," and insert " do " attend," instead thereof; and to leave out " this " Day, in Obedience to the Orders of this House, is thereby guilty of a Contempt of this House;" and insert " upon Thursday Morning next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " not having attended," stand Part of the said proposed Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " do 4‘ attend," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " this Day, in Obedience to the Orders of this House, is thereby guilty of a Contempt of this House," stand Part of the said proposed Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon Thursday Morning next," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, l'o amended, being put. That R. Thompson do attend this House upon Thursday ' Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas' went forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noe,* jj; I31'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That J. Wheble do attend this House, at the same Time.

Knight’s The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Divorce. Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Mar-, riage of Henry Knight, Esquire, with Catharine,

his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vernon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, That they had examined Witnesses, and heard Counsel, for the said Bill; and had also heard Counsel against the said Bill; and that the Committee had dire died him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Cal! The Order of the Day being read, for calling over the «f tie Names of such Members as, upon this Day Fortnight, House. macjc p)efault to appear;

The Names of such Members were called over; and several of them appeared; and the rest were excused; Two as being in Town, One as being Abroad, and the other on account of Illness.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Thames Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Embankment, whom the Petition of John, Robert, James, and William Adam, and James Paine, Architects, Dorothy Monck, Widow, Clementina Pawson, Widow, and William -chiner, Coal Merchant, was referred, be received upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Feint arii. A, 1771.

Mercurit, 20* die Febriiarii

' - /<

' Anno Ll* Georgii IIItli Regis, 1771.

Prayers.....*

MR. Sloanepresented to the House, according to Hie of

Ondef, a Bill for establishing' a House or Houses Wight, of Industry, in the Ifleof Wight', for the Reception, °°r‘

Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Pariftves and; 'Places within, the said'

Island: And, the fame-was. received'^ and read the Fii ft Time. ..r .2

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com»: jj;]j

mop Fields, Meadows’, Commons, or WaftbnLamls, Croon* within the Manor and Parish of Hill in the Inc.oiure.

County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for'dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Commons,' or Waste Lands,'within the Manor and Parish of HillCroome,- in the County of Warccjier. ... ' - -

Ordered, Tint Mr. Coventry do Carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ir.grcfted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Knight’*

to dilft-lve the Marriage of Henry , Esquire, with ^‘vorce*

Catharine Lynch, his now Wife, and to enable-him to' marry again, and for. other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pr.fs.

Ordered, That Air. Venv.n do 'car’v the Bill to the'

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. George Bridges Bmdenell presented to the House, Gumley according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Gumley, in the County of LeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendifk reported from the Committee, Rilfton, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several &c-Stinted Pastures, called the North Moor, Bark, Incloi"re*

and Garforth Clofc, within the Township of in

the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Four Persons, who are Proprietors of 16 £ Cattle Gates,

One of whom was not applied to, and the other Three did not chuse to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property in the said Fields consists of 310 Cattle Gates; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Keyiiam. -doling, the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in inclosure.

.. Key ham.

11 Geo. III.

20° Februariu

l85

Kirkby

Mallory

loclosure.

Goodman’s

Fields

Paving.

Keyham, in the Parish of Rot, and County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in Keyham, in the Parish of Rothley, and County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to Jthe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, in the County Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for better paving the Streets,

&c. Roads.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom Lantriffent, the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Glamorgan, whose Names are thereunto fub-icribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Glamorgan, whose Names are thereuntB subscribed, were referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Ham Humphreys, Esquire, being, examined, said, That he is well acquainted with all the Roads described in

lie Passages, in

Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other pub* the F,rft wh‘clJ are»n many Places

' " ‘ that Part of Goodman’s Fields, which narrow, and mothers so deepand founderous, as tobe

of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise ^ngerous for Travellers on Horseback, and impassable - - for Carnages, and cannot be repaired and widened by

the Laws in being.

Robert Jones, Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Roads mentioned in the Second Petition } that they are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law.

Mr. Jones also confirmed the Evidence given by Mr.

in Regard to the greatest Part of the Roads mentioned in the First Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

lies in the Parish

Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street, and White Lion Street, lying contiguous to

the said Fields; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 29. 1. 15. To leave out "within," and insert " from and after," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill

was amended at the Table accordingly. ..

Resolved, That the Bill do pass f And that the Title , repairing^ and widening several Roads leading to the

be, An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Town of; and also the Road leading from

Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in Vlllagf, ?f to a Place called

that Part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the Parish ff?’ all lrj bounty And that

of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the Mr* Vernon and Mr* do prepare, and bring

County of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street, and

in

Appleby

Inclosuie.

White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Lekester, and Derby, was committed; and to whom the Petition of

A Petition of the Committee for conducting the Undertaking called the Birmingham Canal Navigation, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, from the Proprietors of the Worcestershire and Canal Navigation, alledging, that the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation have continued the said Canal, and finished it to a Part of the Town of several Owners of Lands, Grounds, and Right of Com- and have declined to proceed further, but

Staffordshire,

&c.

Canal.

mon, in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 22 Acres of Land, who, on being applied to, declared himself

have there made Wharfs, Weighing Machines, and other Conveniences for Trade and Businessj notwithstanding which, they have neglected to make and complete their said Navigation, so as to communicate with the Canal between the Trent and Severn; and that, when the Act for making the Birmingham Canal Navigation passed, no Person concerned in its Execution supposed it could

against the Bill, but did not appear before the Com- possibly be finished under Five Years, Three of which.

mittee to oppose it; and also, except the Proprietors of 52 Acres, who are also Proprietors of 20 Cottages having Right of Common on the Commons, who declared themselves for the Inclosure, but would not sign the Bill, unless their Shares for their

are not yet elapled; and have expended Two Thousand Four hundred Pounds more than the Act allows to be raised in the Time, in completing the Canal towards each of its Terminations; and that they never did esteem the Canal to be finished to the Town of Bir-

Cottage Rights were ascertained in the Bill; which was mingham', but are desirous of completing the same to done by the Committee; and that the wholq Quantity the Junction at Autherley, agreeable to their Assurances

of Field Land to be inclosed is 794 Acres) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto $ which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Vol. 33.

to the Proprietors of the Staff or djkire and Worcestershire Canal Company, with all Dispatch; and are well assured that no Persons whatever can complete it with the same Expedition as they can: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition.

Another Petition of the Committee for conducting the Undertaking called the Birmingham Cartal Naviga-

3 B tion.

D*

186 2o° Februarii. ' 1771.

tion, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Pro- A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Reading prietors of the said Undertaking, was also presented to the holders, and others, whose Names are thereunto fub-House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition of a scribed, redding in and neat' the Town of,

most singular Kind has been presented to the House, in the County of was presented to the House,

by several Proprietors of Land and Coal Mines, and and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to continue, and others, containing most injurious Accusations and render ’ more effectual several Acts for repairing the Charges* generally and indiftinCUy set forth, against the Highway between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Punt-Company of Proprietors of the said Canal, who are field, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the^ conscious tQ themselves that they* have done every said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Highway Thing in their Power -to answer the Ends and Pur- between a House in , in the Occupation

poses of their Act of Parliament, and with the most of Edward and the West End of the High-

disinterested Views for the public Accommodation; and way by the said Acts directed to be repaired; and also that they have never exercised the Powers' of the* Act the Highway from , to in the

contrary to the public Good; nor db conceive that they said County; and setting^ forth. That the Highway have caused any Grievances, not redrelfable by the leading out of the said Highway, in the Parish of Speen,

Courts of Law: And therefore praying. That they between the Little King's Arms and the Robin Hood, may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Pe- near Speenhamland, through Shaw, over Shaw Field, to tition. the North End of Long in the Parishes of Shaw,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be Thatcham, and Chieveley, in the said County of Berks, referred to the Consideration of the Committee, is. very ruinous, and in several Places narrow and into whom the Petition of the Company of Pro- Commodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and prietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire widened by the present Method provided by Law: And Canal Navigation, is referred; and these Pe- therefore praying. That Leave may be given to inlert titioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, be- One or -more Clause or Clauses in the said Act, for fore the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if repairing and widening the said Highway.

» they think fit. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petitions, pear to them, to the House'.

against the Petitions now presented. And it is referred to Mr. Vunfit tart, Mr. Congreve,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Exeter A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Nine of the Clock j in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Market. Qf the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and FoWer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records* read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners lately pfe-

fented a Petition, to bring in a Bill to remove cer-1 1 That Mr. George Pitt have Leave to go Absence.

tain Markets, that are now held in the High Street of into Foreign Parts, for Two Months, the said City, and Mfo to regulate the said Markets;* ‘ >

and setting forth. That it would be more conducive to Ordered, That Mr. James War tell do attend this House Privileges public Utility, to hold the said Markets at a certain Tomorrow Morning.

other Plot of Ground, within the said City, bounded on Ordered, That Mr. William Clarke do attend this the North by Saint Kerrian's Church, and a Passage House at the same Time, leading therefrom to Saint Pancras Lane, within the

Parish of Saint Kerrian-, on the South chiefly by-the A Message from the Lords, by Mr.' and Mr*

High Street, and partly by the Tenements in the Oc-‘ Cuddon:

cupation of Arthur Chave and John Gifford^ within the Mr. Speaker,

Parish of Saint Petrock-, on the East, with that Part ^The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Whitchurch of the Tenement of the said Arthur Chavej now in his for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Incl°fure. Occupation, towards the said High Street, and with Fields, Commen Meadows, Common Grounds, and

Part of the Tenement in Possession of the said John Commonable Lands, within the Parish of,

Gifiord, towards Waterbeer Lane, in the Parish of Saint in the County of Bucks; without any Amendment; And

Petrock, and a Tenement,* now in the Occupation of also,

John Hookins and William Coljon, in the Parish of Saint The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Matiny,

Kerrian-, and . on the West with Northgate Street, and for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and (Am*j'a.

whereon several ruinous and decayed Houses now Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing m r,ca‘

stand; and that it would be of great Benefit and Con- Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of

venience to the Inhabitants of the said City, and Suburbs the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Do-

thereof, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if Pro- minions in America-, without any Amendment,

vision was made for taking down the Signs, Sign And then the Messengers withdrew.

Irons, Shew Boards, and Water Spouts, projecting from.

the Houses into the public Streets and Lanes of the A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordflfire said City and Suburbs: And therefore praying the Navigation from the 7 to the Merfiey, was presented C"c

House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Pe-

to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, asrto the titioners are informed, Application is intended to be

House shall leem meet. ' made to the House by the Proprietors of the Staf-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the sand Canal Navigation, for en-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- forcing a Junction of the Birmingham Canal Naviga-

mine the Matter thereof; and report the feme,'as it tion with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at;

shall appear to them, to the House: 1 «' or near Autherley, in the County of Stafford; and that

And it is referred to Mr . Buller, Mr. Walter, &c.: thd Petitioners are convinced, that the effecting of the And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine said junction will be of great Utility to the Public in

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have general T And therefore praying,-That Leave may $>e

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. given to bring in a Bill for the making and completing of such. Junction as aforesaid, and that such Privilege}. Ordered, That Mr. Robert Harris, of the Stamp Of- Encouragement may be given thereto as to the House fice, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning. shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Rofertary

Lane

Paring.

Subje&s, Qgiet of.

11 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and WCanal Navigation, is referred.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Houses on the North Side of Rofematy in the Pari ft* of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County, of was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving and regulating from the Parish of Aldgate to also the said

Cable Street, the Footpath in the Back Lane, the Precinct of Well Close, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane to Ratcliff Cross, Butcher and Brook Street,

and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the fame,' and for removing ' all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the fbture; and also of the Bill for the better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in that Part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the county of ; and also

Red Lyon Street and White Lyon Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein;*and letting forth. That the Petitioners, apprehend that the North Side of Rosemary Lane is included in- the Second

mentioned Bill# and the Owners and Occupiers of Houses on the North Side of the said Lane, are liable to be taxed by the Commissioners appointed for putting that Act in Execution; but, as the former Bill is now drawn, they appear also to be included therein, which may occasion great Disputes, and be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, to take the Matter into their Consideration, and that they may be excepted out of the said First mentioned Bill, or have such other Relief as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said First mentioned Bill is committed.

♦ A Bill to tepeal a Clause in art Act, made in the Ninth Year of Fiis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the General Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, which protects such Rights, Titles, or Claims, under any Grants or Letters Patent from the Crown, as are prosecuted with Effect, within a cer-, tain Time therein limited, was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed; That the Bill be committed;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into Hall,

the Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Question was put. That the said Bill be committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for be Y«,j *;*£"£

Terfers for the Noes, j.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committer of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-hight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 33.

I87

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Friday Morn- Wiyj an(j ing next, resolve, itself into a Committee of the whole Meant. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Hpufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 210 dieFebrtiarit3

Anno il#t Georgii III'11 Regis, 1771.

r

PRAYERS.

Rdered, Th|t, Sir Thomas Pym Hales have Leave to Absence. go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon his private Affairs.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom Grelt the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Brickhill njpn Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Inclosirre. L^mpas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Brickhill, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That. the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Partiest concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Charles Shipman, Esquire, whose-Property in the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of Acres, and who being applied to, said, he disliked Inclosures, and therefore would not sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of about 1,326 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once -read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted-

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee* Ladtu Fen to whom the Petition of the several Owners and Pro- Drainage, prietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in Ladus, otherwise, Ladwers, otherwise Laddoes,

Fen, in the Parishes of Elm and Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Mayer, being examined, said. That the said Lands and Grounds consist of 1,280 Acres, and are overflowed with Water, for want of a proper Outfall to

the

ao° — £ 10 Februarii,

4

2i° Februarii. A. 1771*

the Sea, which renders the same of less Value than they would be, if they were properly drained and kept dry, which cannot be done by any Law now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in Ladus Fen, in the Isle of Ely: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Gideon, and Mr.

Wyldbore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Carlisle to Mr. Fletcher presented to the House, according to

Wigton, uc. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Roa ’* from Carlisle to Wigton, and from thence to the South End of Hunda Lane-, and also tho Road from Wigton to Abby Holme, and from Wigton to Chaldbeck, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Reading and Mr. Vanjittart reported from the Committee, to whom PaatSeld t|ie Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Roa s’ and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, retiding in and near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

to the House; and he read the Report- in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

' Benjamin Brnfhwood, said, That the Highway in the Parish of Speen, between the King’s Arms, and the Robin Hood, near Speenhamland, through Shaw, over Shaw Field, to the North End of Long Lane, in the Parities of Shaiv, Thate ham, and Chieveley, in the County of Berks, containing Three Miles and a Quarter, or thereabouts, in Lerigth, is become so bad and ruinous, that Waggons and other Carriages cannot pass and re-pass without great Danger, and in several Places is very narrow and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, for repairing the Highways, between the Bear Inn, in Reading, and in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Highway between a House in Speenhamland, in the Occupation of Edward Sheppard, and the West End of the Highway by the said Acts directed to be repaired j and also the Highway from Bofiock Lane to Pangborne, in the said County, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Highway in the Parish of Speen, between the Little King's Arms, and the Robin Hood, near Speenhamland, through Shaw, over Shaw Field, to the North End of Long Lane, in the Parishes of Shaw, Thatcham, and Chieveley, in the County of Berks.

Farringdon Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom

*° Road* the.Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, and of the Towns of Clanfield, Bourton, and Burford, in the County of Oxford, and of several other Persons travelling the Road therein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,- Mr. William Taylor, being examined, said. He knows the Road from Fatringdon, in Berkshire, through Clanfield, and Bourton, to Burford, in the County of Oxford;

that it is in a very ruihous Condition, in many Places narrow, and much incommoded by deep Waters, particularly between Pidnell Bridge, and Clanfield, where it is frequently overflowed by the Thames, and thereby- rendered very dangerous to Travellers, and at some Times . impassable; that some Parts of the said Road are so foun- derous and narrow, as to make it necessary to turn the Course thereof, which will not only save a considerable Expence, but render the same much more convenient; that he apprehends the Laws in being are not sufficient for the Purposes of repairing, widening, and turning, the said Road.

Mr. Philip Comely confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Market House in the Town of Great - .

ringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Vansittart, Admiral Craven, and the Lord Wenman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Wrm, &e. the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders* and Roaoj. others, residing in and near the Roads therein after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* Mr.

Francis Chambre and Mr . John Hudson, being examined,

laid. That the several Roads described in the Petition are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous for Passengers and Carriages; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to or near Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, from Horton to Knockin and;

and also the Road from the End of Cotton Wood, to Whitchurch, in the County of Salop: And that Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Nicholas Bayly, and Mr. Myddellon, dq prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dodd, according to Order, reported from the Com- Reading,

mittee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Free- Monk*nfnioJ holders, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Southamp- . Canal. ton, Wilts, and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy;

Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Berks; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, under their Common Seal, and of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, Traders, and Inhabitants within the said Borough j and also, the Petition of the Lord Mayor*

Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and other the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks-, and also, the Petition of the Inha- , bitants of Henley upon Thames, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Owners of Wood, Tradesenen,

Manufacturers, and others, of the neighbouring Country Towns and Villages, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Locks,

Wharfs, and Warehouses, in the Counties of Berks,

Bucks, and Oxford-, and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of Maidenhead, Bray, Cthe neighbouring Parishes, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen,

ii Geo. III. 2i° Februarii. 189

men. Clergy, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wallingford, and the several neighbouring Villages, in the County of Berks, and also of the Gentlemen; Clergy, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Dorchester, Shilling ford, and , and the several

neighbouring Villages, in the county of ; and

also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesroen, and others, of the neighbouring Towns and Villages, whose Names are there-dnto subscribed; and also, the Petition of Richard Willis, Esquire, the Devisee of Daniel Rich, Esquire, deceased, and of Daniel D'anvers Rich, Esquire, the Son and Heir of the said Daniel Rich; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Borough and Parish of £

Wycombe, and Places adjacent, in the County of Bucks; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the ift, 2d* 3d, 4th, 5th, 7th, 8th, 9th, and 11th mentioned Petitions; and had heard Court; fel for the said 7th and 8th mentioned Petitions, no Evidence having been brought in Support of the said 6th, 10th, and 12th mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had directed him to report the fame, as, they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Benjamin Davis, an Engineer, said. That he had made a Survey of the Lands from the Town of Bajmgjloke, in the County of Southampton, through or near the several Handles of Basing,

upon Loddon, Bram/y, Stratfield Sea, Arbor-

field, Shi;field, Sunning, Hurst, Lawrence, Waltham, Shot/esbrook, White W, and Bray, to the

River Thames, near a Place called Monkey island, in the County of Berks; and he produced the said Survey to your Committee.

And being examined, he said. That a Navigable Canal may be made from the Town of Basingstoke, to the River Thames, near Monkey island aforesaid, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and that he had made an Estimate of the Expence thereof, amounting to f. 51,000; and he added, that when the Canal is made, the Price for Carriage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to and from the Places aforesaid, will be reduced Three-fourths, and that this Navigation will be of great Utility to the County of Southampton, and Places adjacent.

And being asked the nearest Place where the proposed Canal from Basingstoke might communicate with the Thames ? he laid, in the Parish Of Sunning, by several Miles; but the Communication with the Thames, in the Parish of Sunning, would not be of equal Utility to the Public, as if it was to communicate near Monkey Island-, for the Navigation by the proposed Canal, from Basingstoke to Monkey island, would be only about 29 Miles, and Irom Bafi\igjloke.by Sunning, and along the River Thames* t o. Monkey would be about 55

Miles, belidqs the I}i fad vantages of navigating upon the River, for more than Half the Distance: Then

The Reverend Mr. Samuel Prince informed your Committee, that the County of Southampton produces great Quantities of Corn, and also great Quanties of Timber fit for the Use of the Navy and Merchants Service.

That the Timber in general is lent by Land Carriage to Reading, or to Chcrtfey, that Reading is something nearer than Chertsey, and the Expence of Carriage of fevery Load of round Timber from Basingstoke, to the Thames, is about 20 s., and from the Southern Parts of Hampshire, about 24 s.or 25 that great Quantities of large Timber grow East of Basingstoke, and that 'Timber is sent by Chertsey to; and the Carriage and Freight together of every Load, cofis about . Vo 1. 33,

40 r.: And the Witness said, He thought if the proposed Canal was to be made, all such Timber might be conveyed to London, for Two-thirds less than at present; that the Carriage of Malt and other Grain sent from Basingstoke to London, now costs Half a Crown for every Quarter; and the Witness said, bethought it might be carried by the proposed Canal for One Shilling a Quarter, and the Markets in would

be better and cheaper supplied than they can be at present; and he added, that this Canal would be of Advantage to the County of Southampton, and of public Utility.

To prove the Allegations of the Second, Third; Fourth, Fifth, and Ninth mentioned Petitions, Mri Charles Trufis, being examined, said. That he had na. vigated Barges on the River Thames io Years, and the usual Time of navigating a Barge of 120 Tons from Reading to Monkey island. Is 3 or Days, and from thence to Reading, from 3 to 6 Days, the Ex-]x-nce of which is about jt. £0; in Summer he has known it 1 i of 14 Days going from Reading, to Monkey island, and irl Times of Flood; have been stopt 3 Months; that such Delay is owing in the Summer to the Shoals; and the Attempts to remove them, by taking up of Ballast, has riot been attended with Success; that this Expence is occasioned only by the Delay, and not by the Size, of the Vessel, since a Barge of 60 Tons draws the same Water as one of 200 Tons; that thele Shoals are occasioned by the Wears being built so high; as to make the Watfer to run rapidly and tear up the Bed of the River; that the Wears were lower 10 or ii Years ago, but have been failing ever since; that he thinks them and the Shoals the chief Impediments to the Navigation, except the Floods; but if the Shoals were removed, he does not think there would be Water enough to navigate in Summer; as the Loriks don’t pen high enough to go frotn Lock to Lock, therefore it mu ft require more Locks; but thinks if there were Pound Lock's erected, there would be Water enough; that he thinks the Shoals are increased by the Barges lying aground* and has seen the Gravel rile 2 Feet high round them.

Being asked, whet herj if many small Parges and fewer large ones were used, it would hot lessen the Expence of Carriage ? he said, It would increase it, for as all the Barges draw the same Depth of Water, the same Obstructions would remain; and that the Barges used for 50 Years past, have b5en as deep and wide, but riot folong: Being asked, if Carriage was not cheaper when the Barges were shorter? he said. That he carried Coals to Reading in 1764, for 8.J. a Chaldron, which how cost 15 or t6.t.; that they always used Flash Boards to Barges, as they could not draw Four Feet of Water without them; fomedraw an Inch or two more: That there are Nine Locks bc-between Reading arid Monkey including that at

Reading; and it there were Pound Locks created, and it was possible to keep Four Feet Water in the River, a Barge might go from Monkey Island to Reading in about 18 or 20 Hours; but that a Barge of 100 Tons will not make more Voyages in a Year than one of 200; the Time of going and returning would be the fame, but that of loading and unloading would be more: That a large Barge is more steady in (hooting a Lock than a short one, and not so liable to strike on Shore. Being asked, what Depth of Water the Barge drew, which was From 10 to 14 Days going from Reading to Monkey island? belaid. Many Barges have been as long going, which have only diawn Four Feet Water and have kept the Channel^ but they might lose 2 or 3 Flaflics, which might be lnluflicient to float her; that the Witness himself had been 14 Days in navigating a Barge From1 Reading to Monkey and

there was no Barge lay across the River to obstrucc him as he rfcmembers; that he never heard Complaints by Bargemasters of the Weirs being too low, if they were kept in Repair: That in fair Weather, a Barge of 200 3 C Tons

190 2\° Februarii. A. 1771.

Tons may make about 3 or 9 Trips from Reading to London, in a Year: That he never knew a Barge loaded, so as to draw 8 Inches more than Feet Water, but has known them draw 3 or Inches more; and that he remembers when a Barge of 180 Tons was about 123 Feet long, and 18 broad, and one of 120 Tons was 11 o Feet long, and 16 broad.

Being asked. If Barges, which are 3 or Days navigating from Reading to Monkey don’t usually take

a lighting Boat at Marlow, or elsewhere ? he laid, In short Water they are obliged to do it, but they may be so loaded as n.ot to require ft, but such Loading will not answer to the Bargemaster: Being asked, If, whether a Barge was loaded fairly, and drew no more than Feet Water, there would be any Occasion for lighting Boats ? he said, That sometimes there is not more than 2 Feet and a Half Water, and there is a Necessity for them Three Parts of the Year out of Four in general: That a Barge fairly loaded, and drawing but Four Feet Water, is often Ten Days going from Reading to Monkey Island, and cannot go in less than 3 or 4, as the Water is in general; and the Passage from Reading to Marlow takes up from 1 to 5 or 6 Days: That he believes, when Barges have been near running aground, they have been thrown across the River to prevent others passing; and the Channel is so narrow in some Parts, that a short Barge would flop them; and that the Expence of navigating a large Barge, is not so much, in proportion, as a small one.

That the Reason of the Difference in the Price of the Carriage "of Coals, from 8 to 16 arises from the Rife of Mens Wages, Lock Dues, and several other Things, and not from any new Obstructions in the River, that lie knows of, but from a general Rife in every Thing; arid if the Shoals were removed, and the Price of the Locks was the same as in 1764, and Mens Wages reduced, the Navigation might be as cheap as it was then: That he believes the Locks on the River were originally erected on account of the Navigation: That if Barges were to be haled by Horses, and Pound Locks credted, it would lessen the Expence of navigating. — And being asked, if the Thames Navigation was amended in every Respect, it would not lower the Expence of navigating to near equal, if not leis than on the intended Canal ? he said. He did not think it would any thing near it. Then,

Mr. Robert Whitworth, Surveyor, being examined, said, That he had surveyed the Lands, and drawn a Plan, which he produced, for a Navigable Canal from Reading to Monkey Island; that he has been employed in Works of this Nature, and has been employed in most of the Navigable Cuts in this Country: That the proposed Cut will be as little injurious to Land Owners as any he has ever been employed in; and if carried into Execution, the Navigation thereof will be greatly preferable to, and more expeditious than, any Navigation which can be made through the old Course of the River Thames: That a Barge of 120 Tons, by the Canal, may go from Reading to Monkey Island in about 6 Hours, the Expence of which, at One Halfpenny a Ton per Mile, would be about £. 4. 7 s. — That he had not measured the Length, but has taken the Falls of the River, from Reading to Monkey IJian, which is 49 Feet 1 i Inches from the highest Head that can be penned; and the Fall from the Mouth of the River Kenneth to Monkey Island, is 48 Feet, and there are 9 Locks, including the Rennet Lock; and believes they were erected for the Use of the Mills only, there being no Lock between Monkey Island and Isleworth; and he knows no Realbn why the Navigation from Reading to Monkey , might not be as good without Locks, as that from Monkey Island to Isleworth, the Fall being no greater in proportion to the Length; the Fall from Monkey Island to Isleworth being 62 Feet and an Half.

Being asked his Opinion, as to the Practicability of making'a convenient and permanent Navigation by the

Course of the RiveV; he said. It is impossible to make it permanent, except it is constant: He gave an Instance in the present Winter, when it was stopt, first by Floods for about Two Months, and then by a Frost for near Three Weeks; and added, that these are Obstructions above the Power of Art to remove: That the Navigation on the Canal may be as liable to Obstructions by Frosts as the Course of the River, but not more so, as Locks are in the first Instance ‘affected by Frosts in all Navigations, but that Floods cannot obstruct the Navigation of the Canal, since it will be made altogether out of the Reach of them.

Being cross-examined, he said, He surveyed the Land ' through which the Canal is to pass, in pursuance of an Order made at a Meeting at Reading in January last; that he is not concerned in the Execution of it, bpt only as a Surveyor: That the Canal may be a permanent Navigation, except stopt by Frosts, to which both the River and that are equally liable; but the Rapidity of the Stream has some Effect in preventing freezing: That there is a Stream in every Part of the River between Reading and Monkey Island, but it has been froze lately; and that the River, in its present State, may not be so liable to be stopt by Frosts as the Canal, but if Locks are to be built upon it, it will; and that he never kneto the Obstructions by Frosts at Locks removed, except in flight Frosts, but never in a Frost strong enough to freeze the Canal: That he is sure the Canal may be so executed, as by carrying its Level above the Floods, that they cannot aftedl it; and knows one so constructed at Birmingham, and several others.

That the Expence of making the Canal will be about £.51,000, but that Calculations of this Kind have, in many former Instances, turned out fallacious; but he has had more Experience since, and can speak with greater Certainty: — Being asked. If he ever knew or heard of a Canal being executed at the estimated Price ? he said, That he does not know of any completed at present, but he can form an Estimate from what is already done: That Mr. Brindley is concerned in the Trent Canal, the Estimate for which was £. 131,000, and that last Year there was about £. 86,000 expended; and that it hath been Years and a Half in Hand; and he thinks it will greatly exceed the Estimate.

That there will be Flood Gates at the Head of the Canal, if necessary, which, with a regulating Lock, will cost about £. 300: That he cannot say how many Culverts (which he explained to be Brick Arches, to convey the Water under the Canal) will be necessary; that there will not be above Four or Five that will amount to £. 100 a-piece; that some will cost £90, and so down to£ 10; and that there will be One which will cost£. 60; but that he cannot exactly tell how many small ones will be wanted, but thinks about 40 in the Whole; that he cannot speak positively to the Number, but is sure the Expence of them will not exceed £.650: That he knows the principal ones, which would be wanted, but not the small ones, and is pretty sure they won’t exceed that Sum, but cannot say how many Springs they should have to cut away till they cut the Ground, but is sure there won’t be many, and believes there will be none that will require a large Culvert, for the smallest- Culvert will be sufficient for any Spring he ever saw in cutting a Canal: — That the Breadth of the Canal on the Surface will be about 45 Feet, at the Bottom 53 Feet, and the Depth Feet and a Half; and the Land to be paid for will be about 192 Acres, including Towing Paths and Banks; but that some of it will be returned again: — That he' was not himself a competent Judge of die Price of Land there, but had estimated 145 Acres, at £.35 an Acre1; and 47 Acres, which was Waste Ground, at £.10 per Acre; and that he made his Estimate from the Information of Farmers and others, who informed hittt of the Value of Land inthofe Parts: — ‘-That the Fall from the high Ground in Bray Field to Monkey Island; was 1*7

- Teet

11 Geo. III. 21° Febru oi

Feet; to obviate which Inconvenience, it will be necessary to have Two Locks, and to use Culverts between the Place where the Water is first locked down and the River, which Space is better than Half a Mile; and suppose, as he was there in Time of Floods, that Culverts of about 10 Feet wide each will be sufficient, but could not be certain, but spoke from Conjecture; and the Expence of which, if funk deep, which he thinks they mud, would be about or 500, which Sum he reckons is Part of the 650, which he mentioned before: — That the Fall from the flat Part of Field to Maidenhead Bridge, is 3 Feet 1 Inch in the River; and from the high Part of the Field, to the Bridge, about 14 Feet.

Being asked the Consequence of the Canal’s breaking, he said, It could not possibly break but in Time of Floods, and then it would overflow nothing more than which is at present flooded; that it could not affect the Town of Bray, as the Water would go off as freely by Means of the Four Culverts as it did at present, and would very little delay the clearing the Country of Floods.

Being asked, How the Water can go off so well in the Space of 40 Feet as in Half a Mile ? he said, Not quite so readily, but if the Water stands on a Level on both Sides the Canal, it can have no Effect in drowning the Country; for by Means of the Four Culverts, it will prevent the Water riling many Inches higher, on the higher Side, than on the lower, and the Flood can have no Effect above the Excess of the perpendicular Height on the one Side more than the other: — That the blowing up of Canals must be from the Insufficiency of the Banks, and the Pressure of Water in the Canal, but there never can be a greater Pressure of Water on the Outside than on the Inside, since the Water within will be higher, nod that it nevei can overflow: — That no more Ground will be wanted on the Side of the Canal than for the Culverts, and the Water will be taken from the River

Kennet, which will fall into the Thames again at Monkey Island, and will not take the 12th Part of an Inch Depth from the Thames between the Mouth of the Kennel and Monkey Island: — That it may be prejudicial tq Mills on the River if they are short of Water, but does not know whether they ever are or not; and if Barges go down the Canal they will be benefited, if not, they will remain in the same State they are: That the Passage of One Barge upon the River now, hurts the Mills more than Six Months Passage on the Canal would, for that he had been at Boulter's Lock when the Reach has been full of Water, and seen the Lock opened for a Barge to go through, which was Three Flours in passing, and the Water funk 1 Foot 9 Inches; at Sunning Lock,' when drawn for Barges to go through, the Reach being about 3 Miles long, and the mean Breadth of the River about 50 Yards, it has funk 2 Feet; and that the Water so displaced would supply 300 Locks full of Water on the Canal; and that, besides the above Quantity, there is the common Run of the River during the Time the Lock is drawn, which cannot be supposed less than the Water displaced, as it is seldom 3 Hours in filling up the Reach again; so that in drawing this Reach, there is 600 Locks full of Water expended, and in Time of short Water, it is no uncommon Thing to draw Two, sometimes Three, Locks Reaches to carry a Barge through One Reach; and this expends a Quantity of Water sufficient to supply the Canal 6 Months, or else there must be a very great Trade through it: That this Waste ef Water might be prevented, if the Locks were made on the bell Gmstruction; but that he iuppoles Floods would loon put them out of Order: — That the Length of the proposed Canal is 15 Miles 2 Furlongs; and that he proposes Eight Locks, including the regulating Lock; that the Expence of the other Seven will be about £.700 each, and that of the regulating Lock about yf.300: — That his Estimate of the Expence of the Canal is calculated for Barges of 120 Tons; but if it is Vol. 33.

to be made for Barges of 200 Tons, the Expence of the Locks would be about fi. 980 each, and the Cana} must be made .60 Feet broad at Top, 45 Feet at Bottom, and <; Feet Water to correspond with the lower Part of the Canal proposed by the City of London; and that the Banks mull: be wider: — That there are some Hills to cut through from a Place near Tzto Paley Street, which is abdve 6 Miles, but no Valleys to fill up, except what are necessary to raise the aqueduct Bridge over the River Loddon to a proper Height: — That the Expence of making Towing Fences and Drains, will be about £. 132 a Mile.

Being asked, If a Canal of Communication from Sprig's Green could be made to serve Great Marlow? he laid. It is 6 Miles, and a considerable Part of it mud be through Hills; and that he never heard of one proposed.

Being asked, Flow the Water is to go off in Floods from the South Side of the Canal ? he said. There will be a new Cut, which will cany the Water to a Place near Stanlake, and thence it will go to Twyford in its old Course, and the Waters from the Lands will naturally fall into it.

Then to prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Inhabitants of Maidenhead, Bray,

the neighbouring Parishes, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others;

Mr. John Davis, a Surveyor, was examined, who said, That he had taken the Level of the River Thames from Maidenhead Bridge to Monkey Island, and found the Fall to be about 2 Feet 11 Inches, and the Height of the Lands is about 2 Feet from the Surface of the River, when at a proper Height for Navigation:- — That in Floods the Water comes out of the River at Boulter's Lock, which is just above Maidenhead Bridge, and comes down by the Bridge at the Chapel, and Ipreads itself along the Turnpike Road, and goes through some small Arches to Maidenhead Bridge, down to Oldfield, -leighs, and Queenleighs, and so through some Wooden Bridges into Bray Meadozvs-, and has seen the Town of Bray flooded: — Being asked, What Surface of Ground the Water covers in Bray Meadozvs in a large Flood ? he said, It goes through 6 Bridges, which are 246 Feet wide; yet it overflows the Banks, and runs into Bray Town, and afterwards into the lower Meads, and over the Arable Land between that and Monkey Island: —

That if the Canal is to be carried over Culverts of no more than 40 Feet in Width, he thinks it is impossible, for 246 Feet of Water in the present Bridges can go through without great Impediment and Riling of Water on the Outside of ttfe Banks of the Canal; that the Water has now more than a Quarter of a Mile to run off in: That he supposes the Culverts are to be fixed in the lower Part of the Meadows, and that the e-.

Wooden Bridges at Bray, are about a Quarter of a Mile /

from Monkey Island; that he could not tell whether any Building between the high Ground and Monkey Island would hinder the Water from passing off, but that more Water will be penned back on the Town of Bray when the Canal is made than at present; and that he thought a free Passage for Water was where there is n'o Obstruction at all: That if there is no more than Forty Feet Passage for the Water, he thinks it will flood the "Town of Bray more than it is liable to at present, and prevent the Inhabitants living in their Houses; and in his Opinion, in high Floods, it would render the Bath Road impassable, as it often is now in Floods, and would damage Lands in the Parish, if it happens when Corn is in the Ground.

Being crols-examined, he said. He had never tried the Depth or Velocity of the Floods in Bray Field with 'any Instrument, and could form no Judgment of it, but by the Height of the Water at the Bridges.

Being

\Q2 21* Februarii. A. 1771.

Being asked, Whether the Sufficiency of the Forty Feet Culverts does not depend on the Rapidity of the Stream ? he said. It depends on the Width entirely, unless there is a new Cut, but that a Water nearly llag-nate, or runs but a Quarter of a Mile an Hour, does not require an Aperture to carry it off equal to Water which runs Four Miles an Hour: — That there is no Olistruction in that Part of B Field to carry off the Water now, and it was overflowed in the last Flood, and is a Quarter of a Mile wide: — That the Fall from the Bath Road to the Canal in Bray Fields is about 3 Feet: Being asked, Whether, in hisOpinion, it was possible the Banks of the Canal would throw back the Water to the Road, supposing the re were no Culverts under the Canal ? he laid. It was; and that it would not go off at the End of the Bank before it would penn back the Water to Bray, because the Bank of the River is Five Feet deep to the Surface of the Water; that to make the Bath Road impafi'uble, the Water must be Two or Three Feet deep: — Being asked. Whether he thought the Water would be lo penned up, as to raise it Six Feet perpendicular ? he said. If the Canal is to go no farther than to Monkey 1J1 and, he does not think it would; and that his Evidence before given was upon that Sup-pofitior.: — That the Water rose in the River the last Flood Four or Five Feet, and that a small Rife would make the Bath Road more dangerous, but that was according to the Rapidity of the Flood coming down; in the last Flood it was about a Foot deep; and he thinks that the Canal will occasion, in a Flood, the Water to rife Three Feet perpendicular at Bray and Maidenhead: — Being asked his Reason why he thought the Rapidity of the Stream had no Effect, in regard to the Sufficiency or Insufficicncy of the Apertures for taking off the Water, and yet supposed it to have so great an Effect in railing the Water on the Bath Road ? he said. He looked on the Side of the Canal to dam up the Water like a Pond Head. Then,

Mr. Christopher Poulton, being examined, said, That . he knows Holyport Field, which is low Ground, and about Half a Mile from Monkey Island: That the Water in Floods breaks out of the River at above Monkey Island, and takes its Course by Cookham to Maidenhead, and runs with such Rapidity, that it is

hard for Two Men to get a Boat of about Two Tons from the Turnpike at Maidenhead Bridge up the Road, and it sometimes runs into Houses at Maidenhead: That a Coach with Nine Passengers was overturned the last Flood between the Turnpike and Maidenhead; and about Two Years ago a broad Wheel Waggon was overturned in Flood Time: — That Oldfield, Queenleighs, and Fore-leighs, lie between ^Maidenheadand are in Floods

covered for Half a Mile in Width, and the Water pafles from those Places into Bray Mead, and Water comes there also from Sheffield Moor River: That Bray stands between the Flood and the Thames, and that he has seen the Water come into the Houses there; and the Water, after it has passed between and Bray

extends itself much wider all the Way to Monkey Island; and that the Flood extends itself . Half a Mile in Width between the Bridges at Bray and Monkey Island, and runs . with great Rapidity; and likewise from Sheffield Moor River: That he has seen the Floods 3 Feet deep between Bray and Monkey. Island; and that any Obstruction of the Water at Monkey Island would flood the Town of Bras, and Lands near it.

Being crols-examined, he laid, He was by Profession a Fisherman, and lived at Maidenhead Bridge: That Cookham is about Four Miles and an Half from Monkey Island: That he did not know the Fall between Cookham Marshand Monkey Island, as he did not understand levelling: That by the Current, the Water which comes out of the Thames at Cookham Marsh, runs into Brav Field, but could npt be sure that no Part of it run into the Thames before it come6 to Bray Mead: That the Current runs about Six Miles an Hour, but he never

made any Experiment; or measured the Depth oFWatep in Bray Mead: — That when the Tmftees of th Road raised the Road between Maidenhead Bridge and the Town, it raised the Floods in the Country about it, though they raised Arches under it to carry off the Water; but it did not, and the Water remained Two Feet deep in some Houses, and was Three Feet deep or more, in the Road, the last Flood; and thinks if the Canal is made across Bray Meadows, it Will raise the Water ori the Turnpike Road: — That if proper Sluices were made; he don’t think the Canal would keep back the Water, but that Four of Ten Feet wide each would not be sufficient; and means, by proper Sluices, that there should be the fariie Vent for the Water there is at present i — That from Holyport Field, which is high Ground, to Bray Field, which is low, is Half a Mile; and that the Canal is to go over the low Ground about a Quarter of a Mile.

Mr. William Grover, being examined, said. He was acquainted with the Country about Bray, Maidenhead, and Cookham: That the Water comes out of the Thames in Floods at Cookham Marsh; and he confirmed the Evidence of the last Witness, with respect to the Effect the Floods would have on the Town of Bray: That he is a Farmer and Malt man, and lives at Boveney: That he never measured the Depth of the Water, or Strength of tire Currents, not being an Engineer.

That a Barge, Twenty or Thirty Years ago, would make about Eleven or Twelve Voyages in a Year, between Reading and London, and now about Six or Seven, by reafop of overloading the m; and the Shoals in the River are some Impediment, which he said may be ealily removed: That the Barges are something longer now, than at that Time, but the Width is the fame, and they draw as much Water.

Mr. Joseph Nickalls, an Engineer, said. He had surveyed the River Thames-, and being asked, If he knew the Way proposed for bringing the Canal from Holyport Field to Monkey Island ? he laid, He knows Holyport Field and Bray Meadow, and as to the proposed Tract for the Canal passing Bray Field, could only f|ieak from the Plan, by which it is about Half a Mile below Bray Town: That the Level of the Water in the Canal will be from Seventeen to Eighteen Feet above that of Bray Meadow: That he thinks from his Knowledge of Bray and Parts adjacent, that the Top of the Water in the Canal in Holyport Field, will be at least Twelve FeeC higher than the highest Part in Bray, except the Church Yard; but he never took the Level.

Being asked. Whether the Canal would affect tire Town of Bray ?he said. That from Cookham, down to Bray, the Quantity of Water passing at different Parts of the Bath Road, between Maidenhead Bridge and Maidenhead Chapel, and breaking out of the Thames on the Berkshire Shore, between Maidenheed Bridge and Bray Church, an Extent of near a Mile in Length, at which Places he had seen Currents run, he suppoles, on an Average, at least from Three to Four Miles an Hour, the major Part of which Water, pafles down between Bray and the Rife of Holyport Field into a more contract -ed Channel, which is the Scite where the Canal is pro-poled to traverse; and that, without a Vent is made ur>-der the Canal, at least from One to Two hundred Fcyt wide, the Passage for the Waters would be inadequate for the Discharge thereof; and the Consequence must be, the throwing the Water much deeper into Bray Town than under the present Circumstances: — That whethci the Banks of artificial Canals arc liable, to break down, depends entirely upon the Heighth of the Water is coo-fined in such Canals above the Common Level of tLe Ground on either Side; and that there is a Risque where Banks must be raised to give Bounds to the Water, though done by the most skilful Hands: And that it such Accident should happen, the Consequence tp Bray must be in proportion to the Length of that Reach of the Canal, where the Breach shoukl happen beio.vthe

ii Geo. III. 2i0 Februar 19 J

next Sluice or Lock above; and thinks there is to be One Reach of several Miles long, which begins at Reading; and if the Contents of that Reach should make its Way down, the Consequence would be very dreadful, and, if in Summer, to the neighbouring Fields, whereon great Quantities of Corn grow: — Being asked, Whether the Consequence would not be worse, if a Failure was to happen to a Canal of Sixty Feet wide, than to one of Thirty ? he said, If the Lengths and Depths in both Cales were alike, the Quantity from that of Sixty would be Twice as much as that of Thirty, and the Risque would be in the same Proportion.

Being asked, Whether the Danger attending the Works of a Canal of Sixty Feet wide, is not greater than one of Thirty, supposing the greater Canal to be deeper also than the lesser ? he said, That where the Locks are the same Width, the Pressure is the same against them, whether the Canal is wider or narrower; and is only increased in a certain Ratio in proportion to the Depths.

That if the Canal was to go by White Waltham and Old Haywood, Bray would be affected as he has mentioned; but that he now understands that Course is given up: That if the Canal was to go from Old Haywood Two Miles and Six Furlongs towards Monkey and it should break, he thinks it would affect Bray.

Being asked (as he understood the Course of the Canal by Old Haywood was given up) Whether his Evidence relating to that Reach, and the Notion of its breaking at all, applied to affect that Course for the Canal, which the Committee had agreed to adopt ? he said. In the same Degree, and meant that it would affect, supposing the Clnal was to go by Old,

the Length of the Reaches considered: — And being asked. Whether the Reach he mentioned exists or not, and whether his Evidence does not relate to a Reach which does not affect the Course which the Canal is intended to go ? he answered, That neither of them exist; if either did, it would have the same Effect on Bray-, and thinks there is a Reach of Two Miles in the Course of the-intended Canal.

That in a Canal, calculated for Barges of 200 Tons, it would be necessary for the Locks to be wider than for Barges of Thirty Tons.

Being asked. If a Wear, or Towing Bridge, be made across the Thames at Monkey Island, it will not dam back the Water upon the Lands, and affect Bray he said, A Towing Bridge would bring an Inconvenience upon the Trade of the River; and if a Wier was erected, Without a Means of Barges passing, it would operate to the flooding Bray much more than at present.

That whether artificial Canals are liable to ouze, depends entirely on the Strata of Matter they pass through, and the Treatment they receive in the making the m: That many do ouze, and when they do, they affect the Lands adjacent, by making them swampy and rulhy, and renders them of less Value.

Being cross-examined, he was asked, How many Locks would lie erected in the Fall of Seventeen or Eighteen Feet from the Top of the Water in the Canal above that of Bray Meadow ? he said, He did not know; but whether more or leis, the upper Gates, which (hut the Water into the Reach of the Canal, or any Part of the Reach, will be just as liable to Breaches; — and he having laid, that the Level of the Water in the Canal would be Twelve Feet above the Soil in Bray Field, was asked. How he formed his Judgment of the Height of Water above Bray Field, when he did not know the Number of Locks? he said, That the Fall from Holyport Field to Bray Field, being from Seventeen- to Eighteen Feet, and whether there are Seventeen or Eighteen Locks, or but One to defeend through that Space, the Height of Water is the same in both Places $ and the Efledt of a Breach from Holyport Field will operate the fame; and if a Breach in the upper Part, it rulhes over all the lower Locks; but in case of a Breach, there is not more Water let out than between Lock and Lock.

Voi.. 33.

Being asked, Whether any ill Consequence could happen to Bray from a Breach in the First Reach from Reading ? he laid, That confining himself to the Course of the intended Canal, there is a Length of Eleven Miles Seven Furlongs, to which is annexed the Word " Le* " vel" on the Plan; from whence he inferred there would be a Reach of Two Miles; and if the Lock, at the lower End of that Reach should fail, the Consequence must be that the whole Contents, measuring down to the Sill of the upper Gates, must be discharged into the next lower Reach; and the Risque of the adjacent Country on either Side will be more or less, in proportion to the next lower Work's Abilities to sustain that Quantity flowing from a superior Height j if the Banks should fuf* tain it, it carries forward the Risque even down to Bray.

Being asked, Whether he had never heard of Stops being put in long Reaches to prevent these Accidents ? he said, He had; but if a Breach was to happen in a Frost, they may be prevented performing their intended Operation, as it often happens at other Times; and that he has known Floods in Time of Frosts.

That the Stream of the Thames may be so confined as to keep its Channel, though at an extravagant Expence, and if done, there is lcarce a possible Means of preventing Bray from being flooded by the Floods com-' ing down Holyport Brook: — That it was possible to make Culverts under the Canal of 100 or 200 Feet broad, but the Effect of that Width must be in proportion to the Depth of the Canal across the Meadow; but if the Water by Works of Art, could be prevented from overflowing the Town of Bray, it would affect some other Part of the Country, in full as high a Degree as Bray would be relieved.

That be made the Survey and Plan for the amending the River Thames, but is to be no otherwise concerned in carrying the Works into* Execution, than as an Engineer.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Locks, Wharfs, and Warehouses, in the Counties of , Bucks, and Oxford;

Mr. Joseph Nicka/ls, Engineer, being examined, said, That he knows the Locks, Weirs, and Mills to each Lock, on the Thames between the River Kennett and Maidenhead Bridge; and that it is necessary they should be maintained as high and strong as they are at present, for the Purpose of Navigation only: — That there are Eight Locks, and each Lock, and other Works belonging thereto, produces annually, on an Average, ,£. 160, or upwards, for the Service of the Navigation; and that the Navigation is necessary for the Support of those Locks, the Trade of the Mills being greatly inadequate; and that if the Canal from Reading to Monkey island should take place, and a considerable Part of the Trade which now passes the Locks should go thereon, the remaining Part of the Trade would not be sufficient to maintain those Works, paying the same per Ton for Lockage as is now paid for the Mode of tupplying Water; for the Service of the Navigation has so worn the Bed of the River below each respective Work, as to bring on a much greater Expence than would have happened, had those Works been entirely for the Service of the Mills, and that he thinks, as a Means of continuing the Trade of the Navigation and those Mills, it is necessary the Locks should continue to produce the like Income they now do, from the great Expence the Proprietors must be at.

That he attended at several Meetings held at Reading, concerning a Canal to be made from Sunning to Monkey Island, on Behalf of the Lock Owners, to require Satisfaction for the Loss they might sustain; and received for Answer several Times, that ample Satisfaction should be made, if such Canal should take place; but was afterwards told by Mr. Page, who was one of that Meeting, that it was a Doubt in the Minds of the

3 p Well-

2i° Februarii. A. 1771.

Well-wishers to the Canal; whether the Lock Owners had any legal Right to expert Satisfaction: — That he Was at a subsequent Public Meeting, and it was then agreed to make such Satisfaction; but that he was doubtful afterwards, from his Information, whether they would or not; bat that this was mere private Conversion, and that it was proposed at this Public Meeting, that the Lock Owners thou Id be wrote to, to give an Account of the Damages they would sustain, if the Canal took place.

Being asked his Opinion, Whether they are to receive Satisfaction or not ? he said. From what had been told him, it was not meant to make Satisfaction; and thinks it will not be in their Power (from the great Expence the Canal will (land loaded with, if such Satisfaction should be made, and a Means provided for the Continuation of the Trade below Maidenhead down to London on the Old River) to pay for it, confident with the Service of the Public, and the Reduction of the Price of Carriage, such as may be made by the Amendment of the Old divert That as to his Opinion, what Damages the Lock Owners would fudain, he said, from what he had lien published, it appeared to him, that the Proposers of the Canal propose to carry from, and bring to, London, upon the Canal only; and if that should be the Cafe, the LoGk Owners will receive a Damage of near Half their present Income.

Being asked. Whether he had estimated the Profits of the Canal, and its Expences, in order to form his Judgment, whether they could make Satisfaction ? he laid. From his‘Knowledge of Trade he had; and that the Expence of such Satisfaction, and the Amendment of the Old River, mud be from 30 to £. 40,000; and their Edimate for making the Canal, is near £. 50,000; and, from the Quantity of Goods which will be carried thereon, he thinks it will not be sufficient.

That in the Amendment of the Old River, there are several Canals to be made on the Sides thereof, and One of near Three Miles long; and none of the present Locks will be passed through, but will take nearly the same Expence to keep them in Repair, as they mud be kept to the same Height; and that the present Lock Owners will receive the like Income as at present, should the proposed Amendment take place; and that to the Town of Abingdon, a Barge will be capable to pass from Day's Lock thither in Four Hours, which now takes up on an Average, Two or Three Days: That the Toils for passing on such Canals, are to be paid by the Bargemaders, and there will be great Savings by using Horse Towing Paths.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of Richard Willis, Esquire, the Devisee of Daniel Rich, Esquire, deceased, and of Daniel D'anvers Rich, Esquire, the Son and Heir of the said Daniel Rich;

Mr. Robert Woodroffe informed your Committee, That the intended Canal is to pass the Petitioner’s House, at only 110 Yards Distance, through his Garden, which will be very injurious to him: That there was a Proposal to carry the Canal about Half a Mile below Sunning, which would have been Half a Mile from his House, and would have prevented the Inconvenience to him: — That he did not know how Barges could get into the Canal from Reading, if it was to begin at Sunning Meadow; but there was the same Way. as ever down the Thames, and would be np more liable to Floods from Reading to the Mouth of the Canal, than they would if they had entered the Canal above Sunning Lock; but they tnuft pals that Lock in going from the Thames into the i auol, which is not easier to pass in Floods than other Locks upon the Thames.

The Agent for the Petitions, in Favour of the Ca-ira', admitted that it will go through Part of the Garden, or Pleasure Ground, of the said Mr. Rich.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making 8

a Navigable Canal from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to communicate with the River,

near a Place called Monkey Island;

It passed in the Negative,

Ordered, That so much of the said Report, as relates to the making of a Navigable Canal from Basingstoke to Monkey Island, be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders,

Clergy, and others, of the Counties of »

Wilts, and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

The several Orders of the Day being read, for the Privileges Attendance of R. Thompson and J.

And the said R. Thompson and J. Wheble not attending according to Order; the Mefi'cnger, to whom the said Orders where delivered, being called upon to give an Account of the Service thereof, acquainted the House,

That he went to the House of the said R. Thompson on Tuesday Evening last; and being informed by his Servant, that he was not at home, he left a Copy of the Order for the Attendance of the said R. Thompson, with the said Servant, and desired him to give the same to his Mailer when he came home; that lie, the said Messenger, went again on Wednesday Morning to the House of the said R. Thompson, and was again informed that he was not at home.

The said Messenger also acquainted the House, That lie went on Tuesday Evening last to the House of the said J. Wheble-, that he was told he was not at home, but was expected every Minute; that he waited at the House of the said J.Wheble feme Time; but he not returning, lie, the Messenger, left a Copy of the Order for the Attendance of the said J. Wheble at his House, and desired it might be given him on his Return; and that, on calling again on Wednesday Morning at the House of the said J. Wheble, he was again informed that he was not at home.

Ordered, Thar R. Thompson do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Service of the said Older, by leaving a Copy of the same at the usual Place of Abode of the said R. Thompson, be deemed equal to personal Ser-

vice, and be good Service.

Ordered, That-7- Wheble do attend this House upon

Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Service of the said Order, by leav-idg a Copy of the same at the usual Place of Abode of the said J.Wheble, be deemed equal to personal Ser-

vice, and be good Service.

Ordered, That Robert Harris, James War tell, and William Clarke, do attend this House upon Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Herring night, rctolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Laws now in Being for the Encouragement of the Bii/ifh White Herring Fishery.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Godfrey’s enable William Mackenzie, David Gravier, and John Gravier, respectively, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Godfrey; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Hereford enable the Bishop of Hereford to exchange certain Lands (Biflwp of) and Premises, in the County of Hereford-, to which the ^ano '

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, an°*

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Koverre’s naturalizing Augustine Novcrre; to which the Lord de- Nat. fire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The

11 Geo. III. 2i° — 22° Februarii. 195

Effington’j The X^ords having passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eitaies. effectuating a Conveyance of the Real Estates, late of John Ejftnpon, Esquire, deceased, io the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree or Order of the High Court of . Chancery; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House": And also,

V jfcount Ti’.c Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exP'a*nmo and amending an Act, intituled, An Act for ^c>*’ veiling Part of the Fee Simple Ettate of George late Lord Viscount Midletonof the Kingdom of in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contracts entered into by him, for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland; and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Lamb:on's, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to A rreni'eot. render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement,

8 between William Lambton, Esquire, and the honourable

and Right reverend R, Lord Bishop of and the other Persons therein named; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this, House: And also,

Delaval’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

tiUtes. impower Sir Francis Blake , Knight of the Bath,

or the Person or Persons claiming under a Settlement of his Family Estates, dated the 19th Day of January 1748, to grant to Thomas Delay Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, a certain Parcel of Lands and Buildings, Liberties and Privileges j and also to grant Two several Leases, for 99 Years each, to, or in Trust for, the said Thomas Delaval and Sir John Hujfey Delaval, Baronet, of certain Lands, Copperas Works, Buildings, Liberties, and Privileges, in the Manors of Hartley, and Seaton Delaval, in the County of Northumberland, Part of the settled Estates of the said Sir Francis Blake Delaval, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And tlion the Meflfengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir John Hujfey Delaval have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower Sir Francis Blake Delaval, Knight of the Bath, or the Person or Persons claiming under a Settlement of his Family Estates, dated the 19th Day of January 1748, to grant to Thomas Delaval, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, a certain Parcel of Land and Buildings, Liberties, and Privileges; and also to grant Two l'everal Leases for 99 Years each, to, or in Trust for, the said Thomas Delaval, and Sir John Hujfey Delaval, Baronet, of certain Lands, Copperas Works, Buildings, Liberties, and Privileges, in the Manors of Hartley and Seaton Delaval, in the County of Northumberland, Part of the settled Estates of the said Sir Francis Blake Delaval, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

heave for Ordered, That General Lambton have Leave to make Motion. aMolion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Lambtcn s, And an ingrolpeti Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Agreement. Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, between William Lambton, Esquire, and the honourable and Right reverend Richard, Lord Bishop of Durham, and the other Persons therein named, was read the First Time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leave for Ordered, That Mr. Phipps have Leave to make a Mo-Motion. {ion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Vol. 33.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Effington’a Act for effectuating a Conveyance of the Real Estates late of John EJfmpmi, Esquire, deceased, to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree or Order of the High Court of Chancery, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cocks have Leave to make a Mo- L*»ve for tion: Motlon-

And he moved the House accordingly}

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Hereford Act to enable the Bishop of Hereford to exchange certain (B?. of) Lands and Premisesj in the County of Hereford, was Exchangeof read the First Time. Lands'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir John Hujfey Delaval have Leave to Leave for make a Motion. Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Godfrey’s Act fb enable William Mackenzie, David Gravier, and Name. John Gravier, respectively, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Godfrey, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisi2 2* die Februarii;

Anno ii# Georgii III. H Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

SI R John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, ac- Bedford cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Corporation Level, of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, and for laying a Tax upon the Lands within the said North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for improving and completing the Navigation Thames of the Rivers Thames Isis, from the City of London to and.

the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was read Rivers, a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Freeman, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chaoi-ber.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to Feckingham whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Beanhallfields, in the Manor and Parish of Feckenham in the County of was

committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of an Undivided Moiety of Twelve Acres of Land, who would not consent, because five thought the Inclosure would not answer the Expence; that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed is 234 Acres and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

lo 6 22° Februarii. . 1-771.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout \ and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Aitoh Mr. Bowdefwellreported from the Committee, to whom Subedge the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Ittdofure. Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Aston Subedge, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Trustee for Thomas dom, a Minor, who js possessed of Two Yard Lands, and who, being applied; to, said he knew the Bill would pass, therefore did not chuse to sign, for fear of affronting the Minor, and that the whole Number of Yard Lands intended to be inclosed are 31; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Brough A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Ferry the Low Water Mark of the River at or near

0 trough Ferry, in the Parish of , in the East

Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Saltby An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Saltby, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And Jthat the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Saltby, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Colonel' S' Leger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sprr*ton An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open jadofuie. and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sproxton, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, HeatH, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sproxton, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Colonel S' Leger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Nether An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Barniker Moor, within the Manor of Nether IVyerfda/e, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing Barniker Moor, within the Manor of Nether Wye in the County Palatine of Lancester.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Liverpool to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Pr*scot<, Three Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 19th and 26th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to and other Roads in some of the said Acts mentioned, in the County Palatine bf Latuajler, and for reducing the same into One Act; for amending the Road from the Causeway at Blacklow Brow, through Huyton, to the Turnpike Causeway leading from Prefc6tt to Liverpool’, and also Lime Kiln Lane, from the said Causeway, to Ranelagh House in Liverpool; and to prevent Frauds and Abuses being committed by Persons employed in conveying Coals along the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Greenfield, holders, of the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Carnarvon, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Road*. Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mojlyn, and from to Henllan, and from Lanerch y mor to Pen y Ford hi the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, and for extending the said Act to several other Roads, in the said Counties; and for taking several Roads, within the said Counties, out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament, of the 29th and 30th Years of his late Majesty, and for putting the said Road under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act; and setting forth. That the Roads from the Ferry House opposite the Town of Conway, through Abergeley and Saint to Brickhill Turnpike Gate, and from the Lower Brick-hill House, to join the Denbigh Turnpike near Waen ijfa, in the Parish of Skeiving, and from Pen yr AUt Mojlyn, to Newmarket, and from IVall Wen, in the Parish of Hollywell, to the Dwelling House of Edward Parry, in the same Parish, and from Mold to Kilken, in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Carnarvon, are in a ruinous Condition; and that the repairing the same would be of public Utility: And therefore praying.

That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Roads, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wynne, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Inha- Ditto, bitants of the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, was pie-fented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the Bill mentioned in the preceding Petition; and setting forth. That if the same should pals into a Law, the Petitioners conceive it will be productive of many Inconveniences and Hardships to them, and to several other Inhabitants of the said Counties of Flint and Denbigh: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Chnsideration; and that they may

be

ii Geo. III. 220 Februani 197

be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the Petition for the said Bill is referred, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That flte said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Bradford Sir George Savi/e reported from the Committee, to Canal, whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, residing in and near the Market Towns of Leeds, Bradford, Kighley, and

Skiptou, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making a Navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpool, was read: And Mr. John Smith, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That he had surveyed the Land, through which the intended Canal from Bradford, to communicate with the said Canal from Leeds, to Liverpool, is to be made, and had drawn a Plan of the same (which he produced to your Committee) and laid, that the same is very practicable, and that it.can be attended with no Difficulty, but what Lockage will relieve.

And he produced an Estimate of the Expence of making the said Canal, amounting to 6,055: And Mr. Abraham Balme laid. That he had alfifted in making the said Estimate, which was rather more than it would amoonjt toj and added, that the great Object in making the said Canal, is for tlx: Carriage of Coal and Lime, which now pay by Land Carriage 10 or more per Ton, but will then be carried for 6 d.

And being asked, from what be formed his Judgment of the Expence of the Locks ?. he said. From those on the other Canal, and upon consulting experienced Workmen: And he laid, that all the Land Owners through whose Lands the Canal is intended to go (except the Owner of One Acre) have agreed to -the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given: to bring in a Bill.for making a Navigable. Cut, or Canal, from Bradford, to join the Leeds asidLiverpool, Canal, at in the

Township of Idle, in the County of York And that Sir George Savile and Mr. do prepare,; and

bring in, the fame.

Beeford Mr. Lafcciles prefehted to the House, according to Inc cure. Qr(jerj. a ]$;|| for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields,. Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open and Common Grounds, within the Tawn-Ibipof Liffett, in the.Parish of Beeforth, otherwise Bee-ford, in the East Riding of the County of York And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Manchester Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to Au ierUnds w^om Petition of several of the Trustees named and URoad. S appointed in and by the Acts of Parliament thereafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-jeded hint to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he r-ad the Report in his Place; and VOL. 33.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the 8th and 21st Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, were read: And- Mr. Jonathan Buckley, Surveyor, said. That £. 2,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls, hath been duly applied towards repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; but that the same cannot be effectually completed, and the Money owing repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be, continued and enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual. — That there is a Lane, called Newton Lane, leading from a Place called Miles Platting, which is in a ruinousCondition, incommodious, and dangerous, which, if the same was put into proper Repair, would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of Parliament; and to repair, widen, and amend, the Road from the Guide Post at the Westerly End of Newton Lane, within the Township of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York: And that Sir Henry Hoghton, and the Lord Strange, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pitchford’a to enable Captain Samuel Pitchford, and the Heirs Male Name, of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Sir Samuel Cornish, deceased, pursuant to

his Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir. John S'Aubyn, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Noverre's for naturalizing Augustine Noverre, was read the First Nat-

Time.

ReJohed,' That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, North Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, Mufcham within the Townships of North Mujkham, Holme, and nc 0 ure‘ Batliley, in the Parish of North Mujkham, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

'Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Lord Bellafsje, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Kna«storouth an Act, made in the 25th Year of his )ate Majesty, for c"n repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the County of h>mmatoa York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldjbrough Fields, r«j.

All'eyton, Mattleveref, and Scale Moor, to Greenhammer- . ton, in the same County, and for making the same a High

Carriage Road, was read the Third Time* \

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that. the Title be, An Act to enlarge, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in Vat County of Yoik, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldforougk Fields, Flaxby,

Allerton, Mauleverer, and Scale Moor, to Greenkammer-ton, in the same County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road.

Ordered, Tliaf Mr. Daniel Lascelles ido carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Tadcarttr of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late toOtley Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from ^oavi-

3 F, ’the

21° Februarii. A. 1771.

the Town of Tadcaster, through , Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road* from the Town of Tadcaster, through Harewood,

ington, and Pool, to the Town of in the West

Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

Collingham A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from

lingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York, was °* ’ read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir John IVrott&c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stone, Arc. Sir John IVrottefley reported from the Committee, to

Road*. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed; and allb, the Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the^. lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, Mr. John Copeland, being examined, said. That he knows the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Turnpike Road between Leek and on Heath,

and from Stone, to Draycot, and from to Trentham; that the same are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow* and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Road from the Leek and Sandon Road, on Meir Heath, to Blithe Bridge, and from Trentham, to Stableford Bridge, are extremely bad; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Country, to have the same properly repaired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stone, in the County of Stafford, to Lane End, and to the Road between 'Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from thence to Blithe Bridge, and allb, from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford Bridge, in the said County: And that Sir John IVrottefley and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Shelton, Sec. Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Road*. the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Copeland, being examined, said, That the several Roads mentioned in the Petition, are in many Parts very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton, in the County of Stafford, to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, at Blakely Lane Head, and from Bucknall, to the Road between Leek and Sandon, at IVtflon Coyuey, and from the said Road between Cheadle and Leek, to the Road above Frogall Bridge, and fibm the same Road on the East Side Frogall Bridge, to the Road between Blyth Marflt and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gale, in the said County: And that Mr. Gilbert, and Sir John Wrottesley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Earl of Cat her lough reported from the Committee, to whom the BUI for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Butler's Marston, in the County of was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-Tent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to continue, add render more effectual, Three Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from -

ham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehillr in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to FAgehill aforesaid, was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Catherlottgh, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alexander Popham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ubly, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Land Owners, within the Division of in the Barony of Grayflock, in the County of Cumberland, was

presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and those under whom they claim, Owners of Land within the said Division, have, Time out of Mind, been entitled to Common of Pasture upon the Moor and Waste Grounds, called Melfel, in the

Parish of Graystock; and that the Petitioners have heard that the Tenants of the Manor of Hutton John, and Inhabitants of Hutton Soil, are applying to inclose the fame, along with other Commons, within the said Manor of Hutton John, or Hutton; and therefore hope the House will take Care of the Petitioners Right and Interest in and upon the said Waste, or Parcel of Ground, called Wester Melfel, and that the Petitioners Right thereof may be reserved to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Andrew Hudleflon, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Hutton John, in the Parish of Graystock, in the County of Cumberland, the Right reverend Edmund Lord Bishop of Carlisle, Rector of the said Parish,

Butter*

Marftoa

Incloswc.

Birmingham

to

Edgehill

Roads.

Ubfjr

Inclosure.

Hutton Johft (Grastock) Inclosure.

ii Geo. III. 22° Februariu

AJkew, Esquire, DoClof of Physic, Patron of the said Rectory of Graystock, and "John Stock dale,

Thomas Wilson, Isaac Wilson, Alfred EdmonfonNathan

Toddy Joseph Todhunter, and others, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being respectively Freeholders, Customary Tenants, and Landholders, within the said Manor, in Behalf of themselves and all other the Freeholders, Customary Tenants, Landholders, and others, having Right of Common upon the several Open, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor.

Corporations. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further quieting and establishing Corporations, and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in Nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of;

and for regulating Admissions into Corporations and Boroughs: And that Mr. Mr. Serjeant

Glynn, Mr. Morton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. and Mr.

Tudway, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

East India The House being informed, that Mr. Micliell, Secre-Laod ForcM tar^ to l*ie United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " State of the Land Forces in " India, in the Pay of the East India Company; specifying the Number of each Corps, and the Pay of " each Rank."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perufecfcby the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Oxford A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy,- and Free-Milcways. holders, of the County of Oxford, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have perused a Bill, depending in the House, for tTTe more effectually amending several of the' Mileways leading to the University and City of Oxford-, for making a more commodious Entrance into the said University and City, through the Parish of BridgeJ'et, commonly called Clement; for widening, repairing, or rebuilding, ;for making

a safe and commodious Road from the said Bridge, through the said University and City, to join the great Roads leading to several Places therein mentioned; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Parish of Saint Clement; for removing Nuisancesand Annoyances therefrom; for holding and regulating a Market within the said City, and for other Purposes; and that a Toll is intended to be laid on all Cattle and Carriages patting through the said Mile-ways, to be applied, not only for repairing the several Mileways not included in any Turnpike Act, but to Purposes so various and extensive, as to leave the Petitioners little Reason to hope that they can be executed at an Expence that will not be too burthensome to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Laws in being are sufficient for the effectual Reparation of the said Mileways and Bridge; and that the laying a Toll upon Travellers, for the paving of Streets, the embellishing or ornamenting any Town, or removing Annoyances therein, is contrary to the Tenor of all the Laws for repairing of Highways, repugnant to Justice, appropriates, as it were, a Tax upon Land, for the local Improvement of a rich and opulent Town and University; and, if adopted by the House, may become an intolerable Grievance: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Coun-Hel, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect them, Vol. 33.

or that they may have stich Relief as to the Hotife shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Rill for the more effectual amending such of the Roads as belong to, and are Part of, the Mileways leading to the University and City of Oxford, and which are not made a Part of any Turnpike Road J for the making a commodious Entrance into the said University and City, through the Parish of Bridgefet, commonly called Saint Clement; for the widening, repairing, or rebuilding, the Bridge called Magdalen Bridge; for making a safe and commodious Road from the said Bridge, through the University and City aforesaid, to join the great Roads leading to Worcester, GloucesterBirmingham, Banbury, Abingdon, Newbury, Southampton, and other Places; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement-, for removing Nuisances and' Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said City; for impowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; and for other Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

M t.EdmonJlonereported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of John, Robert, and William Adam,

and James Paine, Architects, Dorothy Monck, Widow, Clementina Pawson, Widow, and William Kitchiner, Coal Mercharit; and also, the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also, the Petition of the Rulers of the Watermen and Lightermens Company; and also, the Petition of Dorothy Monck, Widow’; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had heard the Petitioners the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, and the Rulers of the Watermens Company, by their Counsel; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matters of the said Petitions, as they appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee upon the First mentioned Petition, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

N. B. The said Report being ordered to be printed, by a subsequent Order made this Day, the fame, together with a printed Copy thereof, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking a certain Part of the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City oi Westminster, and County of Middlesex;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the.

Mr. Alderman

Telle* for the Noes,] Mf''%Amaa

V

Treco-

J

Town-

fend.

j*3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That Leave be to bring in a Bill for embanking a certain Part

of

given

Thames-

Embankment*

200 22° — 2 6° FeA. 1771.

of the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of W, and County of Middlefix;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

}7i-

C Mr. Alderman 1

Tcifcnfor theN«s.)M;f'^|derman Tot„.{ 19.

(. find: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. EdLord Frederick Campbell, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. WyId-bore, and Mr. Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Thame* Ordered, That the Report, which was this Day made Embankment. from j|,e Committee, to whom the Petition of John, Robert, James, and WilAdam, and James Paine, Architects, Dorothy Motick, Widow, Clementina Widow, and William Coal Merchant j and also, the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also, the Petition of the Rulers of the Watermen and Lightermens Company; and also, the Petition of DorothyMonck, Widow, were referred; be printed.

Viscount An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Midleton’* for.'explaining and amending an Act, intituled, An Act *tes, &c. £qj» vefl'ing part Qf the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustpes, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, his Will j and for executing and effectuating several Contracts entered into by him, for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in and for

making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Grandy’*' Mr. Barrozv reported from the Committee, to whom Name, the Bill to enable Thomas Grundy, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hpilfe, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and, Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Forth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and Clyde to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act an ' made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of in

the County of Stirling, to th or River of Clyde, at

or near a Place called Dahnuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton-, and also a collateral Cut from the same to The City of GUfgoio, and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrozv/lounnefi, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the or Forth; without any Amendment: And also,

Birmingham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act,

(Coimon:) oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham

ana ’ Canal Navigation, to complete the said Canal to a Field called Nciihall Ring, adjoining' to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of JFarzt'uk, within a limited Time, and to niaintaiu and keep t lie same free and open for the Paffige of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; without any Amendment: And also,

' The Lords have pallid a Bill, intituled, An Act for

establishing and confirming an Exchange of a certain E»ft Barnet Piece of inclosed Land, in the Parish of East Barnet, in Glebe., the County of Hertford, and Diocele of London, for other inclosed Land, Parcel of the Glebe of the said Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between Benjamin Undermood,-Clerk, Matter of Arts, Rector of the said Parish of Eqjh Barnet, and John Pybus, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave.to fit, not- Committees* withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Corn, &<:. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants,

Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Way*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die Februarii j

Anno ii° Georgii III'" Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Silhop of to, enable the Bishop of Hereford, to exchange bands'1 certain Lands and Premises, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Kynaston,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, StapenWlI, Common, or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Com- jnc^rc monable Grounds, within the Hamlets and

Winfhill, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Horningtow, Waste Ground, within the Townlliip or Hamlet of j ‘J^rei Horning/ozv, in the Parish of Burton, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Cocks, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Stretton, Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Failures, Com- . mons, and Waste Lands, in the several Hamlets of ncoure* Stretton, Horninglozv, Bond End, and within

the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Kynaston, Sic.:And they are to meet this

Afternoon,

11 Geo. III. 26° Februarii. 201

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

feed ford A Bill to enable the Corporation of the Governor;

Level. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Con-fervators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level-, to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well draining and preserving the Nvtrih Level, Part of the said Great Level; and for laying a Tax upon the Lands within the said North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of; was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Witney, The Lord Wenm anpresented to the House, accord-See. ing to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Bottom of Gaily Hill, near the Town of Witnessto the Cross in in

the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Great An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Brickhill and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common lociofure. p4ftureSt Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Brickhill, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Brickhill, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the _ Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lambtoa’t An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Agreement, to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, between William- Lamb ton, Esquire, and the honourable and Right reverend Richard Lord Bishop of Durham, and the other Persons therein named, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir J*hn Hujjey De/aval, General Lambion, &c.: And they are . to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

MWleton’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act (u. viicaunt) for explaining and amending an Act, intituled, An EOaie. Act for vesting Part of the Fee- Simple Ellate George late Lord Viscount Mi diet on of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for-paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mention'.d in, and appointed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effectuating federal Contrafts entered into by him, for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland-, and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -shend, Mr. Montagu, &c.: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

J

Delaval’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act liitate. to impower Sir Francis Blake De/aval, Knight of the Bath, or the Person or Persons claiming under a Settle: ment of his Family Estates, dated the 19th Day nuary *-748, to grant to Thomas quire, his

HeirS and A (Tigris, a certain Parcel-of Land and Build1 i.ngs, Liberties and-Privileges j and also, to grant Two several Lealcs, for 99 Years each, to, or in Trull for,

Vol. 33.

the said Thomas Delaval, and Sir John Huffey Baronet, of certain Lands, Copperas Works, Buildings,

Liberties, and Privileges, in the Manors of Hartley, and Seaton Delaval, in the County of Northumberland,

Part of the settled Estates of the said Sir Francis Blake Delaval, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Lamb-ton, Sir John Huffey Delaval, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efflogton's for effectuating a Conveyance of the Real Estates late Estate. of John Effington, Esquire, deceased, to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree or Order of the High Court of Chancery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain Phipps, Mr. Jenkinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

J-ord George Cavendish presented to the House, aC- Pennlftone cording to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Bridge, Road leading from Penniflone Bridge, in the County of ^^o*.?* York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby, C’ °* *

and the Roads severally leading from Bamford Wood Gate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on therfage Moor, and to tire Village of Darzvent, in the said County raf Dei by: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- Rilflon, veral Stinted Failures, called the North Moor, &c-

Bark, and Garforth Close, within the Township of - Inclosure4 fton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pallures, called the' North Moor, , and

Garforth Close, within the Township of Rilfton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Lord r George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Roger Mojlyn reported from the Committee, to Greenfield, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy', and &c. Freeholders, of the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Car- R®a<h. narvon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the’Clftk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To ’fcirove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Lloyd, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from the Ferry House, opposite the Town of Conway, through Abergtley and Asaph, to Brickhill Turnpike Gate; and from the Lower Brickhill House, to join the Denbigh Turnpike near Waen , in the Parish of Skeiving; and from Penyr allt t9

Nezvmarkei; and from Wall Wen, in the Parish of

well, to the House of Edward Parry-, and from Mold to Ki/ken, in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Carnarvon, are'in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term'and Powers granted by an'-Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to t he North Limits of the Township of Mojlyn, and from Mojlyn to Henllan, and from Lanerch y Mor to Pen y Fordd Waen, in the Coon- ties of Flint and Denbigh; and for extending the said

3F Act

Q2 26° Febru A. i*

Act to fcvelral Other Roads in the said Counties; and for taking several Roads within the said Counties, out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament, of the 29th and 30th Years of his . late Majesty, and for putting the said Roads under the

Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act, is committed { That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the Ferry Hdufe, opposite to the Town of Conway, through Abergeley and Saint , to BrickkiliTurnpike Gate; and from the Lower Brick-kill House, to join the Denbigh Turnpike near Wain In the Parish of Skeiving; and from to

Newmarket , and from Wall Wen in the Parish of Holy-well, to the House of Edward , in the same Parish j and from Mold to Kilken, in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Carnarvon.

MmikctHar* Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to borough to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to , in the County of

Leicester, and several other Persons, Inhabitants of the said County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And Mr. John being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the Acts in Execution, but that the Road cannot be completely repaired, and the Money now owing on the Credit thereof paid off, unless the Tolls are increased, the Powers enlarged, and the Term continued: That the Road mentioned in the Petition, branching from the Road between Loughborough and Leicester, and leading over Part of the Lordship of to and through

Long Waflt Ford, across the River Soar, to the Road leading from Thurmaston to Ratcliffe, called the Fofs, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray, to the Guide Post in Margaret's Field, near Leicester, is in many Parts in a ruinous Condition, and incommodious to Passengers, and by reason of the low Situation thereof, and the Nature of the Soil, and the Floods upon the said River, is very often impassable that it would be more convenient to the Public, and a nearer Way, if a Road was made from the-laid Road, leading from Thurmaston to >

through certain Lands and Grounds, in nearly a strait Line into the said Road, leading from Melton Mowbray, to the Guide Post aforesaid; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harbo-' rough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester j and jfor repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called the Fofs Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester: And that Sir John Palmer and Sir Thomas Cave do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gumley . A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open lndofvc. and Common Fields, in the Parish of Gumley, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Refold, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer-, Sir Thomas Cave, &c.': And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- West Ashby, mon Fields, Cow Failures, Ings, Common Meadows, *c-and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish Inclosure*

Ashby, within the Manors of Hcrncastle and West Ashby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels Algarkirke, of Fen Land, within the Parish of Algarkirke cum Fof- dyke, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln-, oc*°'llr* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. James Dundas presented -to she House, according Cramond to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so Bridge to much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge, to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow: And the fame was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Or- Donington, der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common &c-Fields, and the Common or Heath, called KUftdl , Inclosure* and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of ington, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Sheriffhales Com- sherifTutm mon, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Itclosure. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Sir William Bagot, See ‘ And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mackenzie's to enable William Mackenzie, David Gravier, and John *c-Gravier, respectively, and the Heirs Male of their re- Name* spective Bodies, to take and uie the Surname and Arms of Godfrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Kynaston, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of (the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Molesworth be added to the Wavertoa Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Inclosure. a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of fe--veral of the Proprietors of Lands, Meadows, and Common Right, in the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Waverton, otherwise War etui, in the Parish of Polesworth, in the County of Warwick, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore be added to the Gentle- Stratton men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ""der Fof*. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the fe- jnc*fjre> veral Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Commons, in the Open and Common Fields of Stretton. under Fofs, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County’ of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

6 Sir

Waverton

Inclosttre*

Stratum under Fofi, See. laclosure*

Tweed

River

Fineries*

Underwood's >xchangt-of Cicbe Land*

11 Ge6. III. i6° Februarii.

Sir John Moieftoorth prese^ed to the House, according to Order* a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Wavertotif otherwise Wareton, in the Parish of Polesworth; in the County of Warwick: And the feme was received; and tod the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. ScUdamore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Stretton under Fofs, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warwick: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom-the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the several other Persons, whose Hands and Names are thereunto set and subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries in the River of Tweed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Anthony Lambert, being examined, feid. That many unwarrantable Practices and Abuses have of late Years been committed in the River of Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams which run into the feme, by taking and killing Salmon Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, and Whit-lings, at unseasonable Times, and by destroying the Spawn, Fry, and young Brood, in the said Rivers and Streams, both in England and Scotland, and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed: — That he has seen many Hundreds "of Salmon killed out of Season, and great De-struction made amongst the young Fry, which is a great Detriment to the Owners and Occupiers of Fisheries, to the Cities of London and W, and to the Public in general.

That if these Practices were restrained and prevented, Fish would come cheaper and more plenty to Market than at present: — That there is no Power at present in any Person sufficient to restrain and put a Stop to thele illegal Practices by the Laws now in Force, or by the Powers and Authorities vested in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, as Conservators of so much of the said River, as. lies in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and Berwick, or within the Bounds and Limits thereof; and that if feme Stop be not put to such illegal Proceedings, this valuable Fishery will continue to decrease, to the great Prejudice of the Public.

Mr. Thomas Strangeways confirmed Mr. Lambert's Evidence; and added. He had known most of the Rivers and Streams described in the Petition many Years, and that the Tenants of the upper Part of the River kill many Salmon out of Season, and also destroy the young Fry and Spawn; and that the Public sustain a great Lois by those illegal Practices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and improving the Fisheries, in the River of Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame: And that Mr. Vane and Sir Thomas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a certain Piece of Inclosed Land, in the Parish of East Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and Diocese of London, for other Inclosed Land, Parcel of the Glebe of the said Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between Benjamin Underwood, Clerk, Master of Arts, Rector of the said Vox.. 33-

Parish of Ea/iBurnet, and John Pybus, Esquire, was

read the First Time.

Resolved, Thdt the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Henry Hoghton presented to the House, according Manchester to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of Parliament j and td repair, widen, and Road, amend, the Road from the Guide Post at, the Westerly End of Newton Lane; within the Township of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancajlet, to lands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the Gotinty of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported frdm the Committee, Lord to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled;

An Act to enable the Right honourable Thomal Lord amc’ Ducie, and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1.14. Leave out " use respectively," and insert " shall stile himself and themselves " in all Deeds and Writings, by*’

The feid Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Questton put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Archibald Earl of Eglington, John Earl LivingAon, of London, Patrick Earl of Dumfries, and the bumble &c. Petition, of David Kennedy, Esquire, Member of Parlia- ** ment for the County of Ayr, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, Application hath been made, for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Livingston, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City oi Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven; and representing to the' House, that the Road leading from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven, in the County of Lanerk, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Provision may be made for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Livingston, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven, thereunto subscribine, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Heritors in the Ditta County of Lanerk, and Trustees in an Act, made in the - ' 26th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Livingston to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven* thereto subscribing: And also,

APtti-

Admiralty

Accounts

(Africa.)

Ferrers (Earl of) Estates.

204 26° February. A- 'in*

A Petition of the I^ord Provo if. Magilltates, and Town Council of the City of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application has been made, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and that the Petition-- ers apprehend, that the same will, if palfed in the Terms prayed for, be prejudicial to the Petitioners, and also defeat the public Good proposed by the said Act of the 26th of his late Majesty: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Bill, or any Part thereof, immediately after the same shall be brought in.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Living ft mi, by the Kirk of , to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of to the Town of , thereunto l'ub-

lcribing, is referred; and the Petitioners are to be heai'fl, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com -mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former. Petition, against the Petitions now presented.

Mr. Stiller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of-Parliament.

N’t; State and Condition of Appolonia taken thejoth of March 1770: And also,

N° 2. State‘and Condition of , taken the

ift of April 1.770: And also, '

N° 3. State and Condition of Fort, taken

the 3d of April 1770: And also,

: N° 4. State and Condition of Cape taken

the 4th of April 1770: And also,

;.N° 5. State and Condition of Commenda Fort, taken the 5th of April 1770: And also,

N® d. State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort, taken the 14th of April 1770: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of Tantumquerry taken the 20th of April 1770: And also,

N° 8. State and Condition of Winnebah Fort, taken the 33d of April 1770: And also,

' N° 9. "State and Condition of Accra Fort, taken the 25th of April 1770.

: Together with a List of the said Papers.

' And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

"The said Papers arc preferred amongst the other ‘ . Papers of this Session. ‘

1

Mr. Fitzheifyert ‘reported from the Committee, to whom' the Bill fdrjnofe effectually veiling the Rever-fion, in Feer Simple, of and in divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Derby, ham, and Stafford, in Washington Earl Ferrers,- and his Trustees; and for confirming Letters Patent granted thereof, and of certain other Lands and Hereditaments in the County, of Northampton, to the said Earl, in the

Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and for other Purposes-therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined-:the Allegations of the |H!1, ar\cl found the same to be true; and that the Com-niittee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend-

ment thereynto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, to wlrom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of in the Cotlntjr

of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found thfe same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Twelve Yard Lands, and Three Quarters of a Yard Land, who refused to sign the Bill, but declared they would not of-pole; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consist of Fifty-six Y^rd Lands and Three Quarters of a Yard Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Rer port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Traders, and others, being Inhabitants of the County and City of Chester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Traders, of the City of Dublin, passing and trading betwixt Ireland and England-, and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of "the City of Chester', in Council assembled; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the First mentioned Petition (no Evidence being produced in Support of any of the Other Petitions) and had directed him to -report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’is Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, the several Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Dee, were read: And Mr. Thomas Lane, being examined, said. That he is Secretary to the Committee for improving the said Navigation:

That the said Navigation, from the City of to

the Sea, has been completed at an Expence of more than j£.8o-,000; but that for want of an Inland Conveyance by Water, to and from the said City, the Inhabitants thereof, and the interior Part of the Country, cannot fully enjoy the Advantages of the said Navigation:

And that* if the -Canal, prayed for in the Petition, were completed, it would encrease the Quantity of Goods for Exportation on the River Dee.

Mr. Samuel West on, being examined, said. That he is an Engineer: — He produced a Plan of the proposed Canal to your Committee, which he said-Was a true Survey, and that the Levels were properly: laid down therein; and said, that the proposed’Canal was practicable according to the Plan laid down:

A1 reltofi Inclosuie.

Chester to Middlenrich, Sec. Navigation.

II Geo. III. $6° Februarii. aoc

He also produced an Estimate of the Expence, amounting to ft.38,650; and said, that the Canal might be completed for that Sum.

Being cross examined, he laid, He had been an Engineer Three Years.

And being asked, What Experience he had as an Engineer, to enable him to make that Estimate ? lie said. He had been employed by Mr. Brindley as a Staff holder, and in levelling: — That he levelled for the Gen-

tlemen about Two Years ago; and that he has undertaken Twenty-six Miles of Cutting upon the Leeds Canal.

That he has no Experience of the Expence of Locks, nor any thing of that Kind, except making Culverts or Arches, of Three, Four, or Six Feet.

That Twenty-seven Locks and Thirty-seven Bridges will be necessary; and that he never was employed, in making Locks or Bridges.

And that One Tunnel will be necessary; and that he never was employed in that Work.

Being asked, If he had ever been employed in valuing Land? lie said. He had not; but has followed Farming.

He added, That he has made near Four Miles of the Leeds Canal, let it out, and did the Whole.

That One Mill will be destroyed by the Water being taken for the proposed Canal; and that he has not calculated the Expence of destroying that Mill.

That he has never carried any Navigation over a River, which must be done in this Cafe; and that an Aqueduct will be required of One hundred Yards long and Sixty Feet high from the Water, over the River Weaver, and another about Two hundred Yards of Banking, Thirty or Forty Feet high from the Water, over the River Walling.

That One hundred and Twenty Yards of Tunnelling will be necessary, of Eighteen Feet high and Nine wide, which will go under One House in the City of Chester; and that he has no Experience in that Work.

That he made all the Estimate without any Assistance: — That he is acquainted with the Value of Land, and thinks his a fair Valuation at Thirty Years Purchase.

That Mr. Brindley's, Agents have acquainted him.with the Expence of making Locks; and that the Tunnelling and Cutting may be done at the Price estimated.

And that the Owner of the Mill he mentioned has consented to part with it, without any Agreement being made as to the Price.

Mr. Yeomans, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That he has been employed in making several Navigations: — That he has looked carefully over the Estimate produced, and was very particular in his Enquiries into the Prices of Materials and Labour, but never law the Ground where the Canal is proposed to be carried: — That Mr. Weston seems to have taken great Pains, and understands the Subject: — That he is not acquainted with the Price of Materials and Labour in that Part of the Country; but if they are as he is informed, the Work may be done for the Prices set down in that Estimate; but that he never carried on any Works under Ground.

Mr. John Lingard produced a Map of the proposed Navigation, a Paper of the Consents of the Proprietors, and also a Field Book, in which is set down the Length of the proposed Canal through each Proprietor’s Land; and acquainted your Committee, that the Proprietors of Fourteen Miles of Land, through which the Canal was proposed to be carried, bad signed their Consent to it.

Mr. James Folliot, a Merchant at Che tier, being examined, said, That a great Trade is carried on at Chester, most of the Manufactures that go to Ireland being lent that Way, particularly in Time of War, to avoid the Danger of the long Sea.

That an inland Navigation to Chester is absolutely necef-1 VOL. 33.

fary for preserving the Trade there; and that a Canal from Chester to Middleivieh would answer that Purpose, and

he thinks would be of public Benefit: — That he has no Doubt about this, as Goods would be conveyed cheaper to Ireland this Way than they can be by Liverpool, that being a greater Distance.

Being asked. What Tonnage the proposed Canal would produce ? he said. That the Goods that go to and from Chejhr by Land, arc at present upwards of 17,000 Tons per Annum, which would go on this Canal; and that probably.a Navigation would double this Quantity:

— That the Carriage of Goods from Sheffield to Chester, through Midd/ewich, is Three Shillings and Six Pence per Hundred Weight, and by Mane heft er Four Shillings: — That the Carriage from Birmingham is Four Shillings, and great Quantities are sent from thence.

That aThoufand Bales of Cloth are sent annually from Gloucestershireand the neighbouring, Counties, which go by Land from Shrezesbury, at Two Shillings />t?r Hundred Weight.

That great Quantities of Merchandize are lent from London by Land Carriage, particularly Wrought Silk, Raw Silk; Broad and Narrow Cloth: — That the Price ot Carriage in Winter is Eight Shillings per Hundred Weight, and in Summer, Seven Shillings for Merchandize; and that Baggage pays Fourteen Shillings.

That if this Navigation was completed, all thele Goods might go upon it, and would go cheaper: — That if the Plan proposed does not take Effect, the City of Chester will lose the Business they have long enjoyed, as the Goods will go to Liverpool by the Canal authorized to be made from the Trent to the Mersey.

That many Ships are employed between Chester and Dublin in: carrying Merchandize; Thirteen constantly, from Ninety to Two hundred and Fifty Tons, which are maintained at a great Expence; and that His Majesty’s Troops are commonly transported that Way: — That the Witness himself employs Six Ships in this Trade; but if this Canal should not be executed, he must: fend them to some other Port.

That about One hundred Tons of Hardware comes from Sheftield to Chester in a Year; upwards of that Weight of Goods from Manchester, including the Woollen Trade of Yorkshire; about Two hundred Tons of Hardware from Birmingham and the neighbouring Places; and about One hundred Tons of Woollen Goods from Oxfordshire, and Parts adjacent.

Being asked. How far it would be from the River Dee to the River Pier fey by a Canal? he answered. About Eight or Nine Miles, the nearest Way, and that this would be more beneficial to the Northern Trade than the Plan now defiled; but he afterwards said, that he thought it would not be so convenient, for that they now fend Goods from those Parts to Chester by Land (though the Carriage to Liverpool is cheaper) for the Benefit of a better Port.

Being asked, Why the Navigation to the would

not be more convenient, as being nearer? he said. It is out of the Way to all Parts, but the North; and although nearer to the Northern Parts, it would not be so commodious: — That a Junction with the would

be a great Way round for the Southern Trade, and attended with extraordinary Expence; and that the Trade of the North is not more than One Tenth, or One Twelfth Part of the Foreign Trade of Chester.

That the Inconvenience of going to the Mersey would be, that when Goods are Water-borne upon that Arm of the Sea called the Alerjey, they will not come to ter, but would go to Liverpool, and Chester would be hurt greatly; and if the Runcorn Gap Navigation were made, and not the other, the Witness thinks the Trade of Chester will be totally ruined, because the new Canals will carry the Goods of all the Kingdom, and they will not come to Chester, having no Communication with it; and this would put Chester in a worse Condition than other Parts of the Kingdom: — That the Trade from

3 G thence

60 6

26° Februarii. 1771.

Ihence to Ireland would be loft, as Goods could not be sent thither so cheap as from Liverpool: — That all Goods which now go to Chester would go to Liverpool^ if a Navigation was made thither and none to

Being allied. If it would be worth while to make the Canal, if no new Trade was to be thereby carried to Chester f he said. He does not know that the present Trade would pay fof it, but he believes it would be increased by the Navigation, and the Carriage of Coals alone would pay for it j and that the I ncrease of Trade at Chester would by no Means hurt Liverpool, as the Goods, which he supposes would increase the Trade of would not be carried to Liverpool; and that he confines himself to the Coal Trade principally.

Mr. John Chamberlain, a Merchant at being

examined, said, That a great Trade is carried on there, which is at present increasing, but that they have no Land Carriage to the interior Parts of the Kingdom; and that '' if a Canal were made to Liverpool, and none to Chester, that City would be ruined.

That Chester is well situated for an Intercourse between England and Ireland.

That the Inhabitants of Chester are at present supplied with Coals from Cheshireand Flintshire, which aredelivered

at about Ten Shillings a Ton at Chester; — That the proposed Canal would reduce the Price, not only at Chester, but all the Way to Middlewich; and about the Middle of the intended Canal, they are Fifteen Shillings per Ton in Summer, and Twenty Shillings in Winter.

That the Carriage of Coals would increase the Tonnage between the Trent and the Mersey: — That they would be brought from Hare Castle Hill to the Country about Tetrporly, though not to Chester.

That he apprehends the Junction between the Port of Chester and the Canal carrying on between the Trent and Mersey, would be of great public Utility.

* That Goods coming from the South of England Would be shipped at Chester cheaper than at Liverpool, by One Shilling and Six Pence/> Ton, the Passage being Fifteen Miles shorter; and that he apprehends the Trade to Chester to be about 20,000 Tons ahnually, including Salt and Coals, which would produce about £. 1,$00 per Annum clear.

That he has seen the Eftirfiate of the Expence of making this Canal, and thinks it a.reasonable one; and that he is acquainted with Building in that Country, and the Prices of Materials and Labour, but that he knows nothing of Navigation Works, but was present When Mr. ffefion made his Estimate, and saw Mr. Yeomans and him put down the Prices of Materials and Labour, which were the common Prides in that Part of the Country.

That the City of Chester is a Place of great Trade, pays £. 15,000 per Annum to the King for Imports apd Exports; and that Twelve or Thirteen Ships are employed there in the Dublin Trade Only.

That a Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, and none to Chester, would min that City, as that would carry away all Importation and the Trade to — That

he was of this Opinion Five Years ago, when the Jhitr Navigation Was in Contemplation; and that Application was then intended to be made from Chester, for aClaiife to join that Navigation: — That this was the general Desire at that Time, and the Application for that Purpose was dropped, upon a Presumption that Parliament would give Leave at any Time to make a Canal for that Purpose; which was the only Reason why it was not prosecuted at that Time.

Mr. John Latham, being examined, said, That he is Surveyor of the Port of Chester, and well acquainted With the Trade there: That Thirteen Vessels conftailtly trade from thence to Dublin, and many others occasionally to and from other Ports in Ireland; — and that if this Canal should not take place, not only the greatest Part of the Neighbourhood of Chester will be mined, but all the Inland Counties of North Wales suffer materially; — That all the Import Trade, and Trade 7

from Ireland will be destroyed 1 and that this is not only the nearell Way from London to Ireland, bilt the fafrit Navigation.

That the Navigation of the River Dee will be greatly hurt, and a great Part of the Profits of the Proprietor-. (Which arise from Tonnage) will be ldft, as there will be no Importation to Chester, but for the Use of the Inhabitants themselves.

Being asked, If he did not think that the City o Would not carry on as much Trade from the Navigation* as from this proposed Canal ? Ire laid. He thought not, as there will be a long Land Carriage to Chester, and none to Liverpool; and that Goods would go so much cheaper to Liverpool, that it would carry all the Trade from Chester.

Mr. Fo/liot, being again examined, said, That all that is intended by the Promoters of this Scheme, is to preserve their own Trade; and that he has Authority from the present Subscribers to say, that if the Proprietors of the Staffordshire Navigation are willing to undertake the making of this Canal, they may have the Whole, or any Part of it that they please.

Mr. Chamberlain, being again examined, was asked# What Quantity of Trade he thought would Come annually from Middleivichto Chester ? he said. He apprehended 20,000 Tons, which Cannot come from Runcorn Gap for lets than Two Shillings and Six Pende per Tati incteased Expence: — That he thinks this Canal would increase the Carriage on the Staffordshire Canal, as the Coals uled in making Salt would come that Way, and as Merchants Goods make but a itnall Part of the Carriage; and upon the Whole, he thinks this proposed Canal would be art Advantage to that Navigation.

That the Trade of the North is not more thdn One Tenth of the Southern Trade; and that the Trade from the South would never come to Chester without this Canal, but would be carried to Liverpool.

That the Carriage from Mid to Chester consists chiefly of Coals ana Salt; and that no Coals would come from Runcorn Gap, as the additional TvVo Shillings and Six Pence per Ton would make them too dear; and that

all Goods from Chester to Middleivich, round by would be loaded with this Two Shillings and Six Pence per Ton.

That if this Canal should not be made, and a Communication were made between Chester and Runcorn Gap, it would occasion the same additional Expence of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Ton; for the Distance is about Fifteen Miles, and the Carriage would be about Two Pence per Mile.

That it is Nine Miles from Chester to the Communication with the River Mersey, and it costs Eighteen Pence going the re: — That it is then Six or Eight Miles in a boisterous Arm of the Sea, at the additional Expence of 1 s. per Ton; and that the common Expence from Runcorn Gap to Liverpool is Two Shillings per Ton at prefect.

If a Canal Was made to the Mersey, he thinks Salt would not come cheaper down the and up the

proposed Canal between the Mersey and Dee.

That Salt cannot be conveyed from Norrhwkh to the Mersey for less than Three Shillings and Six Pence, of Four Shillings per Ton; and he thinks it Could not be carried for lets than Five Shillings and Three Pence, as they carty it now to Liverpool.

Being asked, If Chester could not be supplied cheapet with Coals by a Navigation between the Dee and Mersey he said, He thought hot, as Coals are now Ten Shillings per Ton at Chester, and Ten Shillings and Six Pence at Northzvich-, and he thinks they would not go

cheaper to Chester by the proposed Canal from the Mersey to Chester: — That froiiv Chester to by Land is Eight Miles, and from thence to Runcorn about Eight Miles more.

That no Staffordshire Coals are burnt at Chester-but if this Canal was made, Tarporly would be supplied

with

11 Geo. III. 2 <5° Februatii. 207

with Staff or dshire Coals, which is how chiefly supplied from Chefer.

No Evidence was called in Support of any of the other Petitions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near A wich, in the County of Chejie, and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trent, to the River Mersey: And that Mr. Wilbraham Mr. Gro/ve-

uor, Mr. Egerton, and Mr. Crewe, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, and keeping in Repair, the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for widening the Passages at the West End

of Chiswell Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane,

and to make a Street or Way from the North End of Norman Street, through certain Garden Grounds and Fields, to the City Road; for removing Obstructions and Annoyances from the said Streets, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Whitbread and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Offices Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Ubly

and indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish Inclosure,

tunjioym.ne. ftly« for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify of Ubly, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to Tinie.

fegifter their Qualifications within the Time limited by That the Bill be committed to Mt. Alex-

Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes: Mr. Pu/teney, &c.: And they are to meet

And that Mr. Wollaston and Sir Charles Whitworth do this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s prepare, and bring in, the fame. Chamber.

Grundy’s An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Grundy, and his Name. ]{fue Male, to take and use the Surname of Swin/en, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Thomas Grundy, and his Ifl'ue Male, to take and use the Surname of Szvinfen.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Liverpool A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three to Acts, palfed in the 12th Year of King George the First, Prescott, &c. and the 19th and 26th Years of his late Majesty, for re-Roads, pairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in some of the said Acts mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lantafter, and for reducing the same into One Act; for amending the Road from the Causeway at Blacklow Brow, through Huy ton, to the Turnpike Causeway, leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also Lime

Kiln Lane, from the said Causeway, to Ranelagk House in Liverpool-, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses being committed by Persons employed in conveying Coals along the said Roads; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange,

Sir Henry Hoghton, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St. Luke’s, Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to whom (Middlesex) the Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, Household-saving. ers, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. David Blyth, being examined, said, He knows the Streets in the Parish of Saint Luke-, that they are in very bad Condition, and obstructed by many Nuisances and Annoyances, particularly in Chiswell Street, where the Remains of an old House, Part of which was burnt down, projects about Eight Feet into the Street; that it would make the Passage of the Street much more commodious, if the said Building was taken down j and that if an Opening was made from Helmet Row, through Norman Street, and some Garden Grounds and Fields, to the City New Road, and Power was given to widen the South End of Brick Lane, which leads to the City Road, and is at present very narrow, the Parish would be much benefited and improved, and the Public greatly accommodated.

Mr. Lancelot Dowbig confirmed the above Evidence.

Vol. 33.

Sir William Maynard, from the Committee, to whom Essex the Petition of feverfl of His Majesty’s Justices of the Gwh Peace, acting in and for the County of Essex, is referred, acquainted the House, Tfiat he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that the said Committee have Power to report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matters contained in the several Petitions referred to their Consideration.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Committee have Power to report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matters contained in the several Petitions referred to their Consideration >

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

[Mr. Thomas Towif/hend,"t Junior,

Sir Henry Hoghton: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the House, New Shoreh»m That their Address of Monday, the 18th Day of this In- Election, stant February (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order His Attorney General to prosecute William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Henry

Robinson. and Henry Hannmgton, for an illegal and corrupt Conspiracy, in relation to the-late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham)had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others His Ma- while jesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, Fishery. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, on ^hips employed in the Whale Fishery, expires at the End of this Session of Parliament; and that, since the granting of the said Bounty, many Ships from Jpoth Parts of the United Kingdoms have been annually employed therein, and many mofe would have adventured, but from the Checks given to that Trade, by the late War, and by the Short nets of the Time granted for Payment of the said Bounty; and that, if the same is not further Continued, the said Trade must be entirely at a Stand; and that the Petitioners presume, an Object of such great National Importance, as the Increase of Shipping and Seamen, the Employment of many of our Manufacturers, and the supplying this Kingdom with Commodities, which, until of late, have been chiefly furnished by Foreigners, and have been in particular one of the

moll

ao8

2 6° Februarii. A. 17.71.

mod valuable Branches of the Dutch Commerce, 'will be deemed deserving the Continuance of the Support and Encouragement of the Legislature: And therefore pray* ing the House, to take the Premises into Confuieration, and grant them such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cors-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of upon Hull, on Behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery to Green-Dud, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

York ’ An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Bjinu-hbr-d e an niade ‘n the 23d Year of the Reign of his late

J Rojj Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skip bridge, to Borough in the County of York,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Lord John do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Norwich Sit* Edward AJlley presented to the House, according to to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of SCRoad'dSC an-A<ft» made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His 04 ' present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thames Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac-Embmkment. fcording to Order, a Bill for embanking a certain Part of the River Thames near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, and County of:

And (he same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 6th Day of next.

Chesterlield Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com-t® . mittee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, through or near Worksop and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near Stockzvith, in the County of Nottingham,

is committed.

South A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

Reflon mon Fields, and Commonable Grounds, within the Ma-Inclosure. nor and Parish of South Reston, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Falkland’s A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-iHands, posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all such Papers or Instruments, as have been received, by either of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, relative to the Restitution of Falkland’s Islands, and Port and Fort Egmont therein, since the 22d Day of January last;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Papers or."

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all such Instrumentts as have been received, by cithcf of His Majesty’s-Principal Secretaries of State, relative to the Restitution o i Falkland’s Islands, and Port and Fort Egmont therein, since the 2 2d Day of January last.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mott honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was rtidde, and the Question' being proposed, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of Letters relating to what passed with the at

Manilla and Fort S‘George, respecting the Island

with the Copy of th’e Protest of the Archbishop or Governor of the Manilla, in 1764;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put; That the Orders of the Day be now read; *

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the several Orders of the Day, for the Attend* ance of R. Thompfonand J.IVheb/e, being read;

And the said R. Thompson and J. not attend*

ing, according to Order, the Messenger, to whom the said Orders were delivered, being called upon, to give an Account of the Service thereof, acquainted the House, that he went to the House of the said J. in Pa-

ter Nafter Row, on Thursday--Evening last; and being informed by his Servant that he was not at home, he shewed the said Servant the original Order for the Attendance of the said J. IVheble, and left a Copy thereof with the said Servant, and desired him to give the same to his Matter when he came home; which the said Servant promised to do.

The said Messenger also acquainted the House, That he went to the House of the said R. Thompson, in Newgate Street, on Thursday Evening last; that he was told he was not at home; and that then he shewed the original Order for the Attendance of the said R. Thompson to, and left a Copy thereof w'ith, his "Savant, and desired him to give the same to his Master; which he like-wife promised to do.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said John IVheble be, for his. Contempt, in not obeying the Order of this House, for his Attendance on the House this Day, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, attending this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j 1160.

r Mr. Alderman Satv-Y

Tellers for the Noes, j M^%'crman Town- ( 11'

L fend: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said R. Thompson be, for his Contempt, in not obeying the Order of this House, for his Attendance on the House this Day, taken into the Cul-tody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Spain —

Manilla

Papers.

Orders of the Day.

Privilege*

11 Geo. III.

27° Februarii.

Mercurii, 27® Februarii;

Anno ix° Georgii III"' Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Wapping, Ty >TR. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee* PaWn JLVJL to whom the Bill for paving flapping in the

»ving. £ounty Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame, and for removingall Encroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street, into Nightingale Lane, and for paving such Passage, and the Eall Side of Nightingale was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him.to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read, throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Rosemary Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com-

Pa»int° niittee, to whom the Bill for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the Parish of to Cable Street;

also the said Cable Street, the Foot Path in Back Lane, the Precinct of Welldofe, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane, to Ratcliffe Croft, Butcher Row, and Brook Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Paflaggs, opening into the fame; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom; and preventing the like for the future; is committed.

Tardebigg, Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to Inctofure ®r(^er» a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Commonable Grounds, and Wastes, called Red-ditch Common and Webb Heath, situate in that Part of the Manor of Tardebigg, which lies in the County of Worcester, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Holland Mr. Curzon presented to the House, according to Or-Ward der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, Inclosure. called Holland Ward, otherwise' Hollin Ward, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Offices Mr. Wollaston presented to the House, according to

and Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to

n»i>oymeats. qUa]jfy themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exchequer Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Billj. count of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1770.

Vol. 33.

209

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill for the further quieting and establishing Cor- Mandsmus. porations; and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in Nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of

Mandamus: and for regulating Admissions into Corporations and Boroughs: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingossed Bill for more effectually veiling the Re- Earl Ferrer* version, in Fee Simple, of and in divers Lands and Estate‘* Hereditaments, in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, and Stafford, in Washington Earl Ferrets, and his Trustees; and for confirming Letters Patent granted thereof, and of certain other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, to the said Earl, in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; jras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually vetting the Reversion, in Fee Simple, of and in divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, and Stafford, in Washington Earl Ferrers, and his Trustees; and for confirming Letters Patent granted thereof, and of certain other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, to the said Earl, in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Appleby Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Pa- Iodofut* rish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for saving the Right of Sir Henry Harpur, to the Manor or Lord ship of Reptoiu

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 8. After " inclosed," to insert "And whereas Sir Henry Harpur, Baronet, is " Lord of the Hundred, Manor, or " Lordship, of Repton, otherwise Repingdon, within which the said Manors " of Great and Little Appleby are situate."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Hampstead Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Norreys and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste inclosur Grounds, within the Manor of Hampjleadin the Parish of Hamflead Norreys, in the County of Berks:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Reading the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several and P««tfiel4 Acts for repairing the Highways, between the Bear Inn 04 in Reading, and Puntfield in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repair-

3 H ing

t

210 270 Februarii. A. 1771

ing the Highway between a House in in

the Occupation of Edward and the West End

of the Highway by the said Acts directed to be repaired; and acto the Highway from Lane to

in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they, had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report.in.his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

1 in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments:were Once read throughout; land then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Myton, Mr. Crow/e reported from the Committee, to whom . *c* the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common a. 0 ure. pap.urej caHed Myton Car, in the Lordship of Myton, in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the Town and County of Kingston upon Hu//, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given, their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfedi .; -

Mr. LafceHss reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of , in the Parish of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tire Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. '

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1771; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, fo/ the Year 1771.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at 1 s.each, 28 Days ——

D° to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s.a Day each ——

D° to 1,542 Serjeants, at is.a Day each ——

D’ to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d.a Day each ——

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s. 6d.a Week each -

Ditto — to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each ——

Ditto — to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 d.a Day each, 28 Days ——

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at -

Ditto — to each Regiment, Battalion, and independant Company, for contingent Expences at the Rate of 6 d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer - -

Cloathing for 30,840 private Men, at £. 1. ioj. each -

D° — for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. ior. each ——

1)° — for 1,200 Drummers, at £. 2. each ——

For additional Pay for Cloathing 54 Serjeant Majors and 54 Drum Majors, at 1.each - -

Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7*. 6d. per Day, for 28 Days ——

Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including 2 Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3*. 6d. each, for 28 Days ——

Ditto — to 435 Ensigns, at 3 s.each for 28 Days -

I. d.

43,176-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 — 10,950-----

6,168-----

455 -

638 x5 —

1,079 8 —

3*500-----'

4,000-----

10,023-----

46,260----

5*397 -

2,400 -

108-----

5,229-----

2,748 18 — 1,827-----

179,766 11 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Tabic.

Koightcot Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Or-&c- der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Inclosure. an(j Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, Lammas Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets and Liberties of and North

End, in the Parish of Burton in the County of

Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

The House being informed, That the Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, which Bill was, upon Friday last, read a Second Time, and committed, contains several Provisions not included in the Petition of the several Commissioners of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Berks, Bucks, Oxford, and Wilts,

whole

Melton,

See.

Inclosure.

Militia.

Thame*

Navigation.

Silk

Manufacture.

Goodman’s

Fields

Paving.

Worcester Water Works, Sec.

Keyliam,

&c.

Lsclosure.

Ki/kby

Niallory

Indcsure.

Oxford

Poor.

Whitechapel

Paving.

g Bowes, Sc c. Road.

Macartney’s

Will.

Nether

Wyerfdale

luclosure.

n Geo. III. 27°Februarii.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of

themselves and others;

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, be discharged from proceeding thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill, and to present another Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Raw Silk, Thrown Silk, and other Silk, unmanufactured, which have been imported, into Great Britain, from the ill Day of January 176010 the 1 ft Day of January 1771, or as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the several Years, and the Places from whence the said Silk has been imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wrought Silk, and Raw and other Siik, exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, during the said Period; distinguishing the several Years, and the Places to which the said Silk has been exported.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in that Part of Goodman’s Fields, which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitin the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street and White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ail* Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in , in the Parish of

Roihley, and County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, in the County of Leicester-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Poor, within the City of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving that Part of the-High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of JMidJ/e/ex; and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also, <

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more cft'eftual, an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane to -

bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Tef-tarnent of Francis Macartney, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Barniker Moor, within the Manor of Nether WyerJ'dale, in the County Palatine of Lancester-, without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 33.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor n . nre‘ and Parish of Hill Croome, in the County of Worcester-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Renner’s for Naturalizing Henry Renner; without any Amend- Hat. ment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Lonatics enable Lunatics, entitled to renew Leases, their Guar- Estate*. dians and Committees, to accept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And -then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Rode, Ac- British comptant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, Fishery. attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements made by Ditto, the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31st cecember 1769 to 31st December 1770.

And then‘he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of 'His Majesty’s Forces, between the 26th of December 1769, and the 26th of December 1770, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mdrning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Treasurer of the Household reported to the House, Falkland* That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would Wand*

be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ,n<* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean‘* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And

Qniet of the Subjects.

Priestwood

Iodofure.

313

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolvetd, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the General Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, which protests such Rights, Titles, or Claims, under any Grants or Letters Patent from the Crown, as are prosecuted with Effect, within a certain Time therein limited;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TcItefor.hcYeas.JM^W""'-

Tellers for the Noes, j s llto

The Tellers reported to the House, that the Numbers were for the Ayes 155, for the Noes 165, so Mr. Speaker declared, that the Noes had it.

But it having happened, that among the Members who were coming in on the Division, a Stranger, who had continued in the Lobby, after it was cleared, had come in, and was told as One of the Noes, several Members objected to the Validity of the Division, and infilled, that the Question ought to be put again, and the Sense of the House again taken: Mr. Speaker immediately on declaring the Numbers, had ordered the Doors of the House to be locked, in order that no Member might go forth: The Stranger was then brought to the Bar, and examined,.and it appearing that what he had done was from Ignorance and Inadvertency, and without any Intention of passing for a Member on the Division, and being known to several Merftbers as a Man of good Character, he was for the present ordered to be taken from the Bar.

The Question then, " That Mr. Speaker do now " leave the Chairwas again put.

The House divided again.

A. 1771.

The Noes went forth.

Tellrf, for the Yeas, J r 54.

Tellers for the Noes, Fox: } 1

Sq it passed in the Negative.

By which it appeared, that notwithstanding the immediate Orders of the Speaker, One Member had gone forth, — The Stranger was then again brought to the Bar, and by general Consent of the House dismissed, with a Caution from Mr. Speaker not to be guilty of the like Offence again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

V1 eneris, i° die Martii;

Anno n* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1771.

THE House being informed that Mr. , Exchequer

from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an. Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

3 70 Februarii — 1° .

Prayers.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to lit, not- Committees, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

v

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by Virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

THE Exchequer Bills made out by Virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Eight Hundred Thousand Pounds.

S. P. Julliott.

Exchequer, the ill Day of March 1771.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Curzrn reported from the Committee, to whom

tl>e Bill for dividing and inclosing Priejlwood Common, in the Parishes of M, Kedleston, and Meynell Langley, or some of them, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined

11 Ge6. III.

MartiL

21 3

amined the Allegations of thtf Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the 'Amendments, be ingross'cd.

Noverre’i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Augustine Noverrc, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Walter, Sir John S! Av.byn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birmingham Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Or-and der, a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Wednesbury Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of Heads. the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of to a Place called

High Bu'leu, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining, to the Township of Bi/fton-, and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to KingSwinford, and to the further End of Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brotnfgrove Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Order,

to a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and PowTers'of Birmiogham several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign a of King George the First, and in the’Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of to the Town

of Dudley, in the County of Worcffler, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the" Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from* the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wight A Bill for establishing a House or Houses of Industry, (ifleof) in th z IJleof Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, 1,°or* and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloane, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Southwark Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to having, whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, as relates to the Commis-missioners of Sewers, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and Lancs within the Town and Voi. 33.

Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cldanfing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and also, the Petition of several Persons, Inhabitants of the Parish of Mary Magdalen,

Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey3 and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of George, Saint Saviour, Saint Olave, Saint John, and Saint Thomas, and the Parts of the Parishes of Mary, Newington, and Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and of the Streets called Blackman Street, Kent Street, Bermondsey Street, and Snow’s Fields, in and near the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; no C®unlel appearing on Behalf of the First and Third mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by.One; and, upon the Question severally put there* upon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Lord enable the Right honourable Thomas Lord Ducie, and Dude’* his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear Name, and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with ’ the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Melton Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Town- Ioclofute. ship of Melton, in the Parish of in the East

Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields,

Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Melton, in the Parish of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do make the Report Stoke Ferry, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and &c. preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in Drainage, the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, WrWerebam, West Dereham, and Roxham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed.

Mr. De Grey accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 176 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 57 Acres and Two Roods of Land, who could not be found} and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be drained consists of 2,576 A^res and 2 Roods)

3 I and

214 i Martii. 1771.

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House ;and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grolfed.

British Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

yf'nn6 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 cry' House, to contider further of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the White

Herring Fishery.

Akonbury The Lord Ludlow presented to the House, according ^Roads'* to Order* a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place, called The WhitePoft, on Al , in the County of , Huntingdon, and Wandsford in the said County,

called The North Dhifioof the North Road; and for repairing the Road leading from , in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of in

the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shrewsbury The Lord Clive presented to the House, according Bn£*ge* to Order, a Bill for enabling the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of , to

raise Money for building the said Bridge, and for carrying the several Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lanuiffent, Mr. Vernon presented to the House, according to Or-&c- der, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads Roads. ieai]ing to the Town of Lantriffent, and also the Road leading from the Village of Newbridge, to a Place called The Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Londm, The House being informed that some of the Aldermen, and several of the Common Council, of the City of London, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

Thames And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the v.nibinknrynt. gjj for embanking a certain Part of the River Thames, "ium neat Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, and County of Middlesex; and setting forth, That if the same should pals into a Law, it would be injurious to the Navigation of the said River, to the Trade, Commerce, and Intercourse of this Metropolis with the adjacent Parts, and to the Rights of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, that they may be heard, by their Counsel against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Lord IVenman presented to the House, according Swaltliffe to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclostnc. Common Fields, in the Parish of Swale life, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Charles Or by Hunter, Esquire, was pre- Bedford ' fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the L-^ct Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought Corporation, in, to enable the Corporation of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to lay a Tax upon the Lands within the North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, for the Purposes in the said Bill mentioned; and that the Petitioner is Lord of the said Manor, and Owner of 6,600 Acres lying within the same, which, he conceives, will be materially affected by the Tax intended to be imposed by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as shall lay a Tax upon the said Lands and Manor of Crowland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works nc-cessary to the well-draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level; and for laying a Tax upon the Lands within the said North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Walter reported from the Committee, to whom Exeter the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Markets, of the City of Exeter, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the'House; and he read the Report ia his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Batterfby, being examined, said. That a certain Plot of Ground within the said City, bounded on the North by Saint Kerrian'sChurch, and a Passage leading

therefrom to Saint Pancras Lane, within the said Parish of Saint Kerrian; on the South by the High Street, and certain Tenements in the Occupation of Arthur Chave, and John Gifford, Grocers, within the Parish of Petrock; on the East, by that Part of die Tenement of the said Arthur Chave, now in his Occupation, towards the said High Street, and by Part of the Tenement in the Possession of the said John Gfford, towards Wales -beer Lane, in the said Parish of Sain Petrock, and a Tenement now in the Occupation of John Hankins and William Colfon, in the Parish of Saint Kerrian; and on the West, by Northgate Street; on which Plot several ruinous and decayed Houses now Hand; would be much more eligible and convenient for holding a Market, than the Place described in a former Petition of the said Mayor and Corporation.

That there are many Signs, Sign Irons, Shew Boards, and WaterSpouts, projecting from the Houses into the public Streets and Lanes of the said City, which are a great Nuisance and Inconvenience to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting thereto.

Ordered, That the Order made upon the First Day of February last, " That Leave be given to bring in a

" Bill

Haydon

Square

(Minorics)

Vavingi

Silk

JMabufatiure$.

Recruits,

Ii Geo. III. iD Mar til.

215

" Bill to regulate and remove certain Markets within " the City of Exeter, and for that Purpose to purchase a " Plot of Ground; and also to prevent the holding of " the said Markets in the High Strfcet of the said City;’* be discharged.

The House was moved. That the Report) which, tip-on the First Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, was referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate and remove certain Public Markets in the City of Exeter; for that Purpose to purchase a Plot of Ground, and to prevent the Holding the said Markets in the High Street of the said City; and also to remove and prevent Annoyances in the said City and its Suburbs: And that Mr. Waller, Mr. John Bu/ler, Junior, and Mr. Serjeant Glynn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of Haydon Square, The New Square, Hr.ydon,

Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise The Church Pa/[age, Church Court, and Kenton Street, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise H Trinity, in the in the County of AJiddleJex, within the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London, whole Names are thereunto iubteribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Abraham Winterbottom, being examined, said, That the

several Streets and other Places above-mentioned, are very ill paved and cleansed, and incommodious to Passengers, from the many Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and that many Disorders are committed in the Night Time, for want of the same being properly lighted and watched.

That it would be highly adv jntageous to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly lighted and watched, properly paved and cleansed; and all Nuisances and Annoyances therein removed and prevented; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. Thomas Sharpe, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, Haydon Square, The Nezv Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise The Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the

Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, and Sir George Colebrooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Recruits raised, for the Service of the Regiments quartered in Great Britain, from the 24th

Vol. 33.

December 1764 to the 24th December 1769; distirtguifti-ing each Year.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply, the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifty-nine thousand Nine hundred Twenty-seven Pounds and Seven Pence Half Penny, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the Twenty-sixth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twelve thousand and Five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Beeford, &c. Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Inclosure. Open and Common Grounds, within the Township of Lifj'ett, in the Parish of Beeforth, otherwise Becford, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-celles, Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to Great Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and al- Famngdoa tering, the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farringden, in the County of Berks, to -

ford, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom tail the Bill for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Garilon Downs, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste *aclofur*' Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of East , in

the County of Berks, was, committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom oxford the Bill for the more effectual amending such of the Mileway Roads as belong to, and are Part of, the Mile Ways leading to the University and City of Oxford, and which

are

a 16 i ° Martii. A. 1771*

are not made a Part of any Turnpike Road; for the making a commodious Entrance into the said Univer-fity and City, through the Parish of commonly

called Saint Clement; for the widening, repairing, or rebuilding, the Bridge called Magdalen. Bridge; for making a late and commodious Road from the said Bridge, through the University and City aforesaid, to join the great Roads leading to W Gloucester, Banbury, Abingdon, NewbuSouthampton, and other

Places; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said City; for empowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; and for other Purposes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of , and Parts adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report'be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

1 The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein, as they shall think fit.

Leave Ordered, That Colonel Pringle have Leave to go into Absence Country, on special Affairs.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Lyon have Leave to go into the Country, on special Affairs.

Alveflon A Motion being made, That the Bill for dividing and Inclosure. inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Alveston, in the County of Warwick, be now read the Third Time:

And Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Alveston, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That the Earl of Catherlough do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Greenfield Sir Roger Mojlyn reported from the Committee, to to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers M°Road&C ?ranted an Act, of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mojlyn, and from to

Henllau, and from Llanerc Petty Fordd

in the Counties of Flint and and for extend-

ing the said Act to several Roads in the said Counties1;

and for taking several &oads within the said Counties, out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament, of the 29th and 30th Years of his late Majesty, and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by tire said former and this present Act, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Inhabitants, of the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Tolls shall cease, when the Justices shall think the Roads are properly repaired.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, New a Bill to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington,

Francis Hajelgrove, Thomas Hafelyrove, John Pedmau, Junior,

Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Snook, Junior, Tho-

mas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheesman, Richard Blair, George Browne, John Parfotts,

John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers,

Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crow/er, John Bicbiell, Mathias Trufier, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman,

John Dean, James Robinson, John Whiting, Wit Ham Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsfiejh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook, Junior, Richard Ttlstone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles, Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood,

Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Afkman, William Cooler, Thomas Frojl, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durr ant,

Emery Chur c her, John Wort on, Walter Broad, Thomas Hollingham, Rickard Stoneham, James Bennett, Samuel Wilson, Clement Freeman, William William Jupp,

Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Thomas Robinson, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman, Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thttrfday Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That a printed Copy of the said Bill, and of the Order for reading it a Second Time upon day Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant March, be served on all the several Persons named therein.

Resolved, That leaving the said Copies at the respective Places of Abode of the Perfops named in the said Bill, be deemed good Service.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

- Mr.

Lord

Ducie’t

Name.

Roveray’s,

&c.

Nat.

Falkland9!

Island.

Bdfclfleigh,

kc.

Roads.

Corn.

M Gfco. III. i* — 40 Martii. zij

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Thomas Lord and his I flue, to

take the Surname of Morel oh, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Dude, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthe'iv Lord Dude: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Peter Du Roveray, John Daniel Naville, John Peter Eynard, and David Cliollet; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Sutton, from the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of his Catholic Majesty’s " Orders, signified by the Balio Fray, D" Julian de " Arriaga, to Dn Philip Ruiz Puente-, dated Pardo, 7th " February 1771 and Trar.station.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

And the said Translation was also read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

Translation of his Catholic Majesty’s Orders, signified by the Balio Fray Dn Julian de Arriaga, to D Philip Ruiz Puente;dated Pardo, 7th February 1771.

It being agreed between the King and His Britannic Majesty, by a Convention signed at London, on the 2 2d January last past, by the Prince of and the Earl of Rochford, that the Great Malouine, called by the English, Falkland, should be immediately replaced in

the precise Situation in which it was before it was evacuated by them on the 10th June last Year; I signify to you, by the King’s Order, that, as soon as the Person commissioned by the Court of London, shall present himself to you with this, you order the Delivery of the Port de la Cruzada or Egmond, and its Fort and Dependencies, to be effected; as also, that of all the Artillery, Ammunition, and Effects, that were found there, belonging to His Britannic Majesty, and His Subjects, according to the Inventories signed by George and William Malt by, Esquires, on the lith July of the said Year, at the Time of their quitting the fame; of which I fend you the inclosed Copies, authenticated under my Hand; and that as soon as the one and the other shall be eflfedted with the due Formalities, you cause to retire immediately the Officer and other Subjects of the King, which may be there. God preserve you many Years, Pardo 7 th February 1771.

(Signed)

The Balio Fray, Da de Arriaga.

To Dn Philip Ruiz Puente.

a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Liverpool, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Meredith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply grahted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will; upo'ri Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Pownall have Leave to make a Leave Motion, it being after Five of the Clock. for Mou^",

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven- Com Trade,

night, the 12th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncey 4® die Martii;

Anno n* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

A BILL to enlarge the Term and Powers of lb Cramond

much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond- Bridge, to the:

Town of Queensferiy, in the County of Linlithgow, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas. Sir Alexander Gilmour, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the SpeakerV Chamber.

Sir John Molesworth presented to the House, accord- Plymouth ing to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more ef- Paring, &c. fedtual, an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving,

" lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the " County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and " Porters within the said TownAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Befelfleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts-, and from' the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpeny Lane, to The Old Red House, upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lamborn, in the said County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Vol. 33.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Waverton, moil Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and jncj^L other Commonable Places, in Waverton, otherwise Ware- D 0 ton, in the Parish of Polesworth, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Melesworth, Sir John St. Aubyn, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John St. Aubyn reported from the Committee, to Pitchfard'a whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nano, to enable Captain Samuel Pitchford, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Sir Samuel Comish, deceased, pursuant to his Will, was committed i That the Committee had cx-

3 K amined

218 4° Martii. . 1771.

amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Jo St. do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Greenfield . An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers to Mollyn, granted by an Act of the 9th Year of His present Ma-Ro*di Jesty’s B-e'gn> for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn, and from to

and from Llanerch y M to Pen y Fordd in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh-, and for extending the said Act to several other Roads in the said Counties; and for taking several Roads within the said Counties out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament, of the 29th and 30th Years of his late Majesty, and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act, was read the’ Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn, and from Mofiyn to Henllan, and from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y Fordd IVaen, in the Counties of and Denbigh; and for extending the said Act to several other Roads in the said Counties, and the County of Carnarvon-, and for taking several Roads within the said Counties out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by Two several Atfts of Parliament, of the 29th and 30th Yeast Of his late Majesty, and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mofiyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gaily Hill A Bill for amending, widening, turning, and aiter-to ing the Road from the Bottom of Gaily Hill, near the

Road. Town of fVitney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wenman, Mr. Page, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields; Bonington and the Common or Heath, called Heath, and Inclo, ai:

other Commonable Lands, in the Pari ill of in

the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Dowdefive/l, &c.; And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Shelton,.fcc. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Roads. Shelton, in the County of Stafford, to the Road between Cheadle jind Leek, at Blakely Lane Head-, and from Buck-nail to the Road between Leek and Sandon at Wfion Coyney, and from the said Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road, on the East Side Frogall Bridge, to the Road between Blyth Marsh and ‘Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Priefiwood Priestwood, Common, in the Parishes of Mack-worth, Kedlefion, and jaclosure Meynell Langley, or some of them, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Priefi-ivocd Common, in the Parishes of Mack-worth, Kedlefion, and Meynell

Langley, or some of them, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill For dividing and inclosing a certain Common Holland called Holland Ward, otherwise Hol/in Ward, in the Ward County of Derby, was read a Second Time. Inclosure.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Curzon,

Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A BUI for repairing and widening the Road leading Penniftone from Penniftone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grin- &c<

dleford Bridge, in the County of Der; and the Roads 0 *’ fevftally leading from Batnford Wood Gate, over Bridge, to the Guide Pofi, on Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Hetherfage Moor, and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of; was read a Second Time.

P.efolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Gevige Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish ,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s 'Chamber.

Collingham Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to &c* whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road. from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the . Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout-; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feverftly put thereupon, were agreed to by the . House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt Writings from Stamp Duties.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

6

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Hodges, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from a &c-Place called Hodges, in the Parish of Mayfield, to Beadles Hill, in the Parish of Lindfield, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield,.and the Road branching out of the fame, at Beadles Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Lindfield; and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road between the Towns of Cuckfield and Crawley, over Saint Leonards For eft, to the Town of Horsham; all in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the BiM, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

the

i i1 GfcO. III. 40 .

tile Provisions of the Bill itiali not extend to the Gate it Swingkte.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made f^art of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

Southwark An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of Pavug. an Act, mad.e in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and Lancs within the Town and Borough of and certain Parts

adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; vine.

Pr. 15. 1, 13. To leave out "being Inhabitants " of the Parish of Saint Mary " Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the " laid County of Surrey.*’

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved’, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers; and for regulating the Manner of Taxing Churches, and other, public Buildings, within the Limits Of the said A.d.

Ordered, That Sir Frauds Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tweed Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, accord-Fisheries. ing *0 Order, a Bill for regulating and improving the Fisheries, in the River of and the Rivers and

Streams running into the fame: And the same was received; and read the Fiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leave of Ordered, That the Lord Clare have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country, upon Special Affairs.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Byrne have Leave to go into the Country upon special Affairs. \

Thames, Mr. Clayton presented to the House, according to fee. Order, a Bill for improving and completing the Naviga-Nevigation. t jon Qf t|ie R|Vers Thames and , from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Market Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according to Harborough, Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the 19th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough, to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called the Fofs Road and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Mellon Mowbray, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Willow, Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, c loclofarr. Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberties or Hamlets of Kilby, and Newton Harcourt, in the Parish of Wiftotv, and Vol. 33.

County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, Peebles, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles,'to the King's Eatedge, and to Gatehope, Ktmvbiirufooi, and to the Top of Minch-tnoor, and to Lochhead in the County of Peebles: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Rolhefter the Clerk of the Crown, to make but a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in the Room of William Gordon, Esquire, who; since his Flection for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Defbormgh, and Bonenkam, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Dowdeswetl presented to the House, according tb Broadway

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Broadway, in the county of : And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Tardibigg, Commonable Grounds, and Waites, called Redditch Com- ic* mon, and Webb Heath, situate in that Part of the Manor Inclo*0,e* of Tardebigg, which lies in the county of ; and for other r urposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdef*

well. Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are tb meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Turner reported from the Committee, to whomtbe tadcaster Petition of several of the Trustees to an Act, made in the Bridge 18th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City called Hobmoor Lane End, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and' had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabjp: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. William Smith being examined, said, That the said Road has been repaired, in pursuance of the said Act; for which Purpose jf.500 has been borrowed upon Bond, which Hill remains due, besides the Sum of £. 186, which is owing upon the Credit of the said Act, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road completely repaired, during the subsisting Term of the said Act.

And that some Amendments will be necessary to be made to the said Act, for completing the Repairs of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmcor Lane End: And that Mr. Turner, and Sir Thomas Frankland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen Bollon We*

belonging co B oft on West, in the County of , was

read a Second time. Indofote.

Resolved,

320

4" Martii. 1771*

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Burgherfh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Office* A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to and qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to Employment*, indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved’, That this House will upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mifterton Colonel St. Leger presented to the House, according inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Miflcrton in the County of ham :And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Alton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Subege Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable ncoure. ^yafte Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Aston Subege, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Subedge, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Walter presented to the House, according to Or-u eu‘ der, a Bill to regulate and remove certain Public Markets in the City of Exeter; for that Purpose to purchase a Plot of Ground, and to prevent the Holding the said Markets in the High Street of the said City; and also to remove and prevent Annoyances in the said City, and its Suburbs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exeter A Petition of several of the afling Trustees under an Act passed in the First Session of the present Parliament, Market*, intituled, "An Act to continue and render more effectual, Two Acts, for amending several Roads leading " from the City of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other Roads therein mentioned; and for " re-building or repairing , and making the

" Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for " building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near " Counless Wear, in the County of Devon," and of several of* the principal Inhabitants of the City of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, Power is given to alter, widen, and amend, a certain Bridge over the River Exe, leading from the City of Exeter, to the Plamlet and Parish of Saint Thomas, or to erect a New Bridge in lieu thereof, of the Width therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners have contracted for building such New Bridge, and making proper Approaches thereto, pursuant to the Powers and Limitations in the said Act; and that the Petitioners find that the Sum granted by the said Act is very inadequate to the Purpose of building such Bridge, and making such Approaches to the fame, as by the said Act they are empowered and required to do; and that it will not be necessary to extend the Width of the said Bridge to the full Dimension of 35 Feet, but that a Bridge and Rampart of 30 Feet in Width will fully an-fiver every necessary Purpose, and be sufficiently conve-

nient and commodious: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to contract the Dimensions of the Width of the said Bridge and Rampart, to a Space not less than 30 Feet, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet; and that a Clause or Clauses for that Purpose may be added to a Bill now depending in Parliament, for empowering the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, to purchase a certain Plot of Land in the said City, and to take down the Houses thereon, for the Purposes of making a Market Place, and for removing certain Markets now held in the High Street of the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Talk, Mr. Walter, See.-,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

... . 1

The Earl of Catherlough reported from the Commit- Birmingham

tee, to whom the Bill to-continue, and render more l.°

effectual. Three Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of Wir®,"Kt0°* King George the Fit ft, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty- Road*, first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to

Edgehiil, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehiil aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at, the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Gaml^y Lands and Grounds in the Parish of in the Inclosarc*

County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners being informed, that a Bill is depending, or intended to be brought into the House, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the said Parish; and that the Petitioners are Owners of a very considerable Part of the said Open and Common Fields, and, should the same be divided and inclosed, they would be put to a very great Expence on Account thereof; and such Inclosure will, in many other Respects be a very great Hardship to the Petitioners, and many of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the said Open and Common Fields: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Gumley', in the County of Leicester, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according Stone* to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road (Staffordsh.) from Stone in the County of Stafford, to Lane End, ^oad*-and to the Road between Leek and Sandon, on

Heath,

11 Geo. III. 40 Martha

Heath, and from thence to Blithe Bridge-, and also from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That she Bill be read a Second Time.

Oxenhope, Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to &c- Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure. atKj \yafte Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, Township, and Manor of Oxenhope, in the Parish of Bradford, and County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

W.kefield Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Paving, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants within the Town and Township of Wakefield, in the County of York, and Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands there, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Johnson, being examined, said, That the Streets, and other public Passages, within the said Town, are very ill paved, repaired, cleansed, and lighted; and the Passages thereof greatly obstructed by various Nuisances and Annoyances: That in many Parts thereof they are so narrow as to be extremely incommodious; and mentioned particularly the Passage opposite the White Hart Inn, in the Road to Leeds, which is so narrow that a Horse cannot pass a Carriage without great Danger; the Way between the North Gate and the Market Place, where Carriages are frequently flopped by Reason of some detached Buildings, which make the Way so narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass; and the Passage from the West Gate to the Market, which is so much cramped by the Two Corner Houses, that Two Carriages cannot pass; and also Kirk Gate, which is rendered very incommodious by the Projection of Shepherd's Garden.

He said further, That, if the said Streets were properly widened, cleansed, paved, and lighted, and the Nuisances and Obstructions removed, it would tend greatly to the Safety and Advantage of the Inhabitants, and be of public Utility.

William Rat cliffe, Esquire, being examined, said, He acts as a Justice of the Peace in that Part of the County of York: That he apprehends the Inhabitants of Wakefield are liable, by Law, to pave the Streets in the Fronts of their respective Houses; but that many of them are too poor to repair them in a proper Manner: That he has known numberless Instances of their being indicted and fined for neglecting to keep their Pavements in Repair, and many of them committed for being unable or unwilling to pay their Fines; but, notwithstanding all that has been done, the Streets remain as bad as ever: And he is of Opinion, they cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws now in being, on Account of the Inability of many of the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Patfages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the East End of Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge, (except to much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from towards;

for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: And that Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Sir

VOL. 33.

Meredith, the Lord Galway, and Mr. Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee; to whom Kilham the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the feve- Inclosure. ral Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Kilham on the Woulds, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Vicar of the Parish Church of Kilham, who refused to sign the Bill, unless an Allotment was made to him to the Amount of double the present Value of his Tythes, to be divided into as many Closes as he should think convenient, at the Expence of the other Proprietors; and said, That he would not have his Rights to be valued by a Set of Commissioners; and also, except the Owner of One Messuage, One Cottage, and about 216 Acres of Land, who had no Objection to the Inclosure, but refused to sign the Bill; and also, except Two Cottagers, who said they were against the Inclosure; and also Three other Cottagers, who lived at so great a Distance, could not be applied to; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed consists of 7000 Acres; and the Messuages and Cottages having Right of Common thereon are upwards of 120; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feVe-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the.Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle prefertted to the House, ac- Chester cording to Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Canal Navigation, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Ditto. Inhabitants, of the Town of Northwich, in the County of Chester, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to communicate with the Canal now making from the Trent to the Merfiy, at, or near, Afiddlewich, in the said County; and representing

to the House, that the said Canal would be injurious to the Petitioners, and not productive of any material Advantages to the Public; but that a Navigable Canal is capable of being formed, from the said River Dee, within the Liberties of the said City, to the River Mersey, at or near Ince, in the said County; which would communicate with the said Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, as well as several other Navigations, and open many desirable commercial Intercourses with the said City, and be attended with great public Utility: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester,

and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey, be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel,

3 I. against

Underwood’s Exchange of Glebe.

Manchester

to

Auftcrlands

Road.

Whale

Fishery.

a 2 2 4° Marti. A. 1771.

against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a certain Piece of inclosed Land, in the Parish of , in

the County of Hertford, and Diocese of , for

other inclosed Land, Parcel of the Glebe of the said Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between Benjamin Underwood, Clerk, Matter of Arts, Rector of the said Parish of Erf Barnet, and John By bus, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bullock, Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, and to repair, widen, and amend, the Road from the Guide Post at the Westerly End of Newton Lane, within the Township of , in

the County Palatine of Lancajle, to Aujlerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hoghton, Lord Strange,* &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pennant reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Kingston upon Hull, on Behalf of themselves,

and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery, to Greenland; Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent; and also, the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, and

others, His Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said last mentioned Petition, no Person having appeared in Support of the Two first mentioned Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table, together with an Appendix thereunto: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz:

A State of the Fasts contained in the said last mentioned Petition, is as follows:

By an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the further continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects, which sets forth, That divers Acts of Parliament have been made for the Encouragement of His Majesty’s Subjects to carry on and improve the Whale Fishery; which, by the Bounties given by the said Acts, did greatly increase, to the Advantage of the Trade and Navigation of the/e Kingdoms; all the Acts therein recited, together with the Bounties by them granted, are further continued to the 25th Day of December *770, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

And it appeared to your Committee, from the Evidence of Mr. James Mather, That, since the Bounty was granted on Shipping employed in the Whale Fishery, many Ships have entered into that Trade: — That in the Year 1749 only 3 Ships went out, and in 1756 there were 83 sent: — That the Trade has decreased since that Time, owing to the late War, and the Shortness of the Time for which the Bounties were granted, so much, that in the Year 1770 only 53 Ships were employed in it: — That, if the Bounty was further continued, the Number of the Adventurers would be increased more than double: — That each Ship carries, upon an Average, more than 30 Men; so that in 1756, when 83 Ships were employed in that Trade, there were 4,150 Men in the Service, and 300 Apprentices were taken; each Matter being obliged to take an Apprentice for every 50 Tons of his Ship: — That all the Implements ui'ed in this Trade, which formerly were made in Holland, are now made by English Manufacturers; and, if the Bounty is not continued, the Trade cannot as yet go on without it; and the Seamen employed in this Fishery, from the high Price of Wages, will be induced to go into the Dutch Service: — That a Ship of 350 Tons, fitted out for this Fishery, costs about £. 1,500 more than one of the same Burthen for any other Trade; all of which is entirely loft, if file is not employed, because the Articles that cause that Increase of Expence are not fit for any other Purpose; and if such Ship was to return unsuccessful, and there was no Bounty, the Adventurers would, in the present State of the Fishery, lole at least £. 1,200 by the Voyage: And he laid, he had loft £. 700 by One Ship, though he received the Bounty.

Your Committee having proceeded to inquire into the Price of Whalebone and Oil, and the Quantities of each brought from this Fishery, have received Evidence from Mr. Mather: — That last Year the Quantity of Whale Oil brought in was near 2,000 Tons; being almost One-third of the whole Consumption of the Oil of this Kingdom; the Average of Whale Oil is now 18 or £.19 a Ton, that formerly was 27 a Ton. The Quantity of Whalebone brought in last Year was about 100 Ton — the Average Price of Whalebone is now £. 400 a Ton — that it has been formerly fold fdr £. 860 a Ton: — That the Bone brought in by this Fishery, together with what comes from North America, is not yet sufficient to supply this Kingdom, there being large Quantities annually imported from Holland, notwithstanding the Duty of£.84. is. on the Importation of such Bone: — That large Quantities of Seals are taken in this Fishery, the Skins of which are made use of as Leather. — And he concluded his Evidence by saying, he makes no Doubt, but that this Fishery may, in a few Years, supply this Kingdom with its whole Consumption of Whalebone, and even enable the Merchants to export some, if the Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland Trade is continued for a longer Time than heretofore ic has been.

And he produced an Account of the Number of Ships fitted out for the Whale Fishery, from the Year 1733 to the Year 1770, which your Committee have annexed hereunto.

Mr. William Ward, and Mr. Thomas , confirmed the Whole of Mr. Mather's Evidence.

An

St. Luke’s (Middlesex) ^avin^.

Thames

t ir; oink cr.cn t.

11 Geo. III. 40

22$

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Ships fitted out for the Whale Fishery, from the Year 1733 to the

Year 1770.

Upon an Average, the Ships in this Trade are estimated tomeasure 300 Tons each. From the Year 1733, when the South Sea Company quitted this Trade, to the Year 1749, when the Bounty of 40 per Ton was granted, there were no more Ships employed than 3 in each Year, which is 900 Ton, and 132 Seamen employed.

In the Year 1750, when the Bounty of 40 s.per Ton took place, there were fitted out,

In In In In 1751 *752 1753,. 1754. From England. — 24 Ships — 39 ShiPs — v 49 Ships — 52 Ships From Scotland. Total of Ships. Number of Seamen employed.

In *755 — 66 Ships — — 16 — 82 - — 4,000

In 1756 — 67 Ships — l6 83 4,150

War In *757 — 55 Ships 15 ~ 70 3»5°°

In 1758 — 52 Ships — *5 — 67 3»35°

In 1759 . 34 Ships - — 15 — 49 2»45°

In 1760 — 40 Ships — T4 — 54 2,700

In 1761 — 31 Ships — — 14 — 45 2,250

In 1762 — 28 Ships — — 14 — 42 2,100

In 1763 — 30 Ships — — 10 — 40 2,000

Bounty only renewedlln 1764 — 32 Ships — IO 42 — 2,200

for 3 Years. Jin *7 6S — 33 Ships — 8 — 41 2»I5°

In 1766 — 35 Ships 9 — 44 - — - 2,200

Bounty only renewedjln r767 — 39 Ships - — 9 — 48 - 2,400

for 3 Years. Jin 1768 — 41 Ships — 9 ~ 5° 2,500

In 1769 — 44 Ships — 9 53 2,650

N. B. The Returns from Scotland are very incorrect, till the Year 1755.

The above Calculation of Seamen is made at 50 Men for each Ship: — But they generally carry 56. By the Act of Parliament, each Ship of 300 Tons must carry every Voyage an Apprentice for each 50 Tons; that is, Six Apprentices; so that, from the Year 1755 to 1769, this Fishery must have been the Nursery for 5,000 Seamen j and have employed in that Time 40,600 Seamen.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving and keeping in Repair the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for widening the Passages at the West End of ChiJ'well Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane-, and to make a Street or Way from the North End of Norman Street, through certain Garden Grounds and Fields, to the City Road; for removing Obstruiftions and Annoyances from the said Streets; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refoh ed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Coal and Corn Lightermen, Navigators ot Craft upon the River Thames, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for embanking Part of the River Thames near Durham Yard, within t lie Liberty of the City of and County of Middlesex j and letting forth. That the Petitioners

Vol. 53.

apprehend, if the same should pass into a Law, it would be of great Prejudice to the Trade and Navigation of the said River in particular, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Billj and that the same may not pass into a Law. ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of Six of the Committee, and of several Chesterfield other Sharers and Proprietors, of the Undertaking of Navigation, the Navigation of the River Dun, in the County of York, whose Names are subscribed, on Behalf of them-feIves, and the rest of the Proprietors of the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for making a Navigable Canal, from the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Trent, at or near Stockzvith, in the County of Nottingham-, and that the said Canal is intended to be made

out

2*4

4* Martiu

A. 1771.

out of the River Rot her, near and, in its

Course, is intended to receive a large Brook, called Doe Lee, which now falls in the said River Rot her, and makes a considerable Part of the Water of the said River, and will likewise receive several other Brooks which now supply the said River with Water; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, if the Water of the said River Rot/ier, or of any other Brooks or Rivulets now running into the fame, should, in Execution of the Plan of the said intended Canal, be carried out of the Country, so as not to be returned into the said River Rot her, it will be very prejudicial to the Navigation of the River Dun, at and below Rotherham: And therefore praying. That such Provisions may be made, in the said intended Bill, for the Security and Preservation of the Water of the said River Rother, and of the Brooks, Rivulets, and Currents of Water, supplying the fame, so that the Petitioners may have the Benefit thereof as heretofore, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the Property of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from in the County of Derby, through or near and Retford,

to join the River Trent, at or near , in the County of Nottingham, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Hackney Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Coachmen, punishing Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen &c’ and Chairmen, within certain Districts and Places therein mentioned} for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages j and for establishing the Bye Laws of the Commissioners for Licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hampltead A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Uclosure anc^ Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste ou Grounds, within the Manor of Hampstead in the

Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Bullock, See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

African The House was moved, That the Petition of the

Company. Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Cujl, Sir William Meredith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

1

Fitzgerald’* Ordered, That the Bill for diverting out of the Crown, Estate. and to veil in Gerald Fitzgerald, of Rathrone, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee, of and in several Lands in Ireland, therein mentioned, be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the 25th Day of this 111st ant March.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the County of York, by Longflat Lane, Goldfbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Mau-leverer, and Scale Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commoji Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Brickhill, in the County of Bucks-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Salt by, in the County of Leicester-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Hinted Pastures, called The North Moor, LonBark, and Garforth Close, within the Township of Rilfion, in the West Riding of the County of York j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pasture, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Hamlet, or Liberty of in the

Parish of Hope, and County of Derby-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in thfc Parish of Sproxton, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being called upon to give an Account of the Service of the Orders of the House of last, for taking into

Custody John Wheble and R. acquainted the

House, That, though he had been several Times at the respective Houses of the said John Wheble and R. Thompson, and had made diligent Search after them, in order to take them into Custody, he had not yet been able to meet with either of them.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to issue His Royal Proclamation, for apprehending the said John Wheble and R. Thompson, with a Promile of Reward for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

The Lord Barringtog presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Return of Recruits raised for the Service of the Regiments quartered in Great Britain, from the 24th December 1764, to the 24th December x 769 i distinguishing each Year.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The

Knarefbro’

&c.

Road.

Tadcaster,

&c.

Road.

Greit Brick hi!l Inclosure.

Saltby

Inclosure.

Rilfton,

See.

Inclosure.

Fairfield

Inclosure.

Sproxton

Inclosure.

Privilege:

News-

papers.

Recruits.

ii Geo. III. 40 — 50 . 22$

The said Return is preserved amongst the other the Parish of in the Count? of Derby, was

Papers of this Session. committed; That the Committee had examined the

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (ex-to consider further of the Supply granted ter His Ma- cept the Ptoprietors of Lands of about the Annual Value jesty, be now read. ot £.106; and that the Whole of the Lands intended

And the said Order being read accordingly; to be inclosed are of the Annual Value of 860,or there-

in e/y A: vJ, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself tnto the livid Committee.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Meant, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

East India The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se-Affjirs: cond Reading of the Bill for the more effectually raising Milraty a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements °rce‘' and Possessions of the East India Company:

And the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time}

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

tcUcrsforthcY^^S^'^’ } »*

Tc.lcrs for.heN} 63.

So it was resolved in five Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Seven* night, the 13th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Richard Smith, Esquire, do, upon

nefdaySevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant March, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Colonel Charles Campbell do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Call, Esquire, do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bryan Sccincy do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Leave for Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General have Leave to Motion: make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Lunatics And an logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An EUates. Act to enable Lunatics, entitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Committees, to accept of Surrenders of old Leaks, and grant new ones, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 5*;

Anno ii° Georgii IIP’1 Regis, 1771. Prayers.

Monyath I.IR. C.urzon reported from the Committee, to whom inclosurtf. 1V1 the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in

VOL. 33.

abouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed. That Mr. Cazune, Clerk Me-cers of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, at- Company, tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1769, to the " 10th of October 1770, directed to be laid before each

" House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of the 21ft.

" Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the " Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery " of Mercers of the City of London; and the other of the " 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King " George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of " the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and " Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City " of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of she House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Knightcot, Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds,

Lammas Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Irtcl°iUre* Hamlets and Liberties of Knighlcot and North End, in the Pari fit of Burton Dajfett, in the county of ,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page,

Sir Roger Newdigate, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing tire Open and Com- Stretton mon Fields of Stretton under Fofs, in the Parish of Monks under Fou Kirby, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second inclo(jre-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page,

Sir Roger Newdigate, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Swakliffe mon Fields, in the Parish of Sw in the County Fnclosure. of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord I Penman, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Frve'of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Gra- Narrow-ziers, and Farmers, within the Counties of Nottingham, wheeled Leicester, and Derby, on Behalf of themselves and others,

3 M was

226

5° Martii. A. 1771.

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a great Number of heavy Horses are bred in the faifl Counties; and that the Mares kept for continuing that valuable Breed are neceflfarily used by the Owners, in drawing Coals and Lime for Manure, and other hard Exercises, and which is usually performed in the Spring Months, in very bad Roads, when such Mares are either big with Foal, or suckle; and that, by an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the Petitioners are restrained from drawing any narrow-wheeled Waggon on any Turnpike Road with more than Four Plorfes, which Restraint puts the Petitioners and others under insuperable Difficulties; and the Petitioners apprehend, that unless some Relief is given in the Premises, the Breed of the useful Animals above del'cribed will be greatly diminished, if not totally neglected; and that the Petitioners apprehend. Four Horses drawing a heavy Carriage upon a Turnpike Road do more Prejudice to such Road than Six Hoiks would in drawing the same Carriage and Weight, and do not pay lo much Toll; but that, if Liberty was given to draw Six Horses in the like Carriages and Weight, much more Tolls would be received, and the Commissioners thereby enabled to keep the Roacls in much better Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and permit narrow-wheeled Waggons, going for, or loaded with. Coals, or with Lime, or other Things for Manure, so be drawn by a greater Number of Horses than are now by Law allowed; or to give the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Royflon A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Road. F.xecution so much of several Acts for repairing the Road

(Alcoabury) from

in the County of Hertfto Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, as relate to the Roid from Royflon aforesaid, to , in the County of Cambridge, Was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts made for repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place, called the White Pofi, on Akonbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, to Wandesford Bridge, in the said County, called The North Division of The North Road; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said. County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; and representing to the House, that the Road leading from Royflon, in the County of Hertford, to Papworth, in the County of Cambridge, commonly called The South Division of the Road from Royflon, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, is very ruinous and out of Repair, owing to the Insufficiency of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and that, if Provision was made in the said Bill, for impower-ing the Trustees for the said North Division (who are willing and consenting the reto) to make a certain Annual Allowance to the Petitioners, out of the Tolls collected in the said Division, it would be a Means of facilitating the Repairs of the Road under the Management of the Petitioners in the said South Division: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Roger Newdigate, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-

ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road ColHngham from ColHngham, through Wet her by, to the City of York, to York was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from ColHngham, through Wetherby, to the City of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Har court presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross, to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid, to the Maypole, in the Town of Henfidd, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hand Crots to HenfieU Rood.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do make the Report from Brough the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the Pirilli of El/oughton, in the East Riding of the County of York,

to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to Clappers, in Sotui

Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding, was committed.

Mr. Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgroffod.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom the Bi(ho^ of ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to en- Hrrefbro’* able the Bishop of Hereford to exchange certain Lands Land*, and Premises, in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to t he Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

General Lambton reported from the Committee, to Lambtonk whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Agreement. Act to render valid and efllftual certain Articles of Agreement, between William Lambton, Esquire, and the honourable and Right reverend Richard Lord Bishop of Durham, and the other Persons therein named, was committed; That tise Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That General Lambton do carry the Bill to '

the

11 Geo. III. 50 M 227

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sea'by Mr. Cliolmley reported from the Committee, to whom

Indoiurc. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Commons, and Wastes, within the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also a certain Common, called

Moor, otherwise Newby within the same Riding,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, Kto the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 28 Houses, and 31 r Oxgangs of Land, Two Thirds of whom, on being applied to, did not ehufe to sign the Bill, but declared they would not of-pole it; and that the whole Number of Houses, the Proprietors whereof have Right of Common, are 195; and the Quantity of Field Lands are 177 I Oxgangs; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Exeter Notice being taken, that there were many Erafures and

Mai keif. Interlineations in the Bill to regulate and remove certain Public Markets in the City of Exeter; for that Purpose to purchase a Plot of Ground, and to prevent the holding the said Markets in the High Street of the said City; and also to remove and prevent Annoyances in the said City, and its Suburbs; which Bill was Yester-dav read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Se-

cond Time;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill, and present a proper Bill instead thereof.

DelavaP* Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Sir Francis Blake Knight of the Bath,

or the Person or Persons claiming under a Settlement of his Family Estates, dated the 19th Day of January 1748, to grant to Thomas Delaval, Esquire, his Heirs and Af-ligns, a certain Parcel of Land and Buildings, Liberties and Privileges; and also to grant Two several Leases, for 99 Years each, to, or in Trust for, the said Thomas Delaval and Sir John Hvjfey , Baronet, of certain

Lands, Copperas Works, Buildings, Liberties, and Privileges, in the Manors of , and Seaton in

the County of Northumberland, Part of the settled Ef-tates of the said Sir Francis Blake Delaval, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Vol. 33.

A Bill for enlarging and altering ttc Terms and Birmi"ghaia Powers of several Acts, made- in the 13th Year of the *?

Reign of King George the First, and in the 21st Year of r£, Jf^VC the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove, to the Town of Dudley, in the County of and from the said Town of Bromsgrove, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bromsgrove, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ward,

Mr. Dowdefzvell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Pow- Birmingham ersofTwo Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the through Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first j^urjr Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for re- a pairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of ston, and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinjord, and to the further End of Lane, in the

Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Dowdejwell, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads lead- Lantriflbot, ingto the Town of Lantriffent; and also the Road lead -ing from the Village of Newbridge, to a Place called the oa *’

Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom Effington’s

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estates.

effectuating a Conveyance of the Real Estates late of

John EJJington, Esquire, deceased, to the Purchasers

thereof, under a Decree or Order of the High Court of

Chancery, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

Committee; and that the Committee had directed him

to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- .

ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

/ m

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do make the Report from West the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term Lavington and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year n^Demea of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from West Laving ton to The Devizes, and from De- vizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts, was committed.

Mr. Garth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered,

228

5° Martii. 1771.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Thames A Petition of the Rulers of the Watermen and Light-unSmkttenc errnwis Company, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, for embanking Part of the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of and

County of Middlesex; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same would be of gteat Prejudice to the Trade and Navigation of the said River in particular, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That John Esquire, do attend

this House Tomorrow Morning, when the said Bill is ordered to be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. JohCorfe do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Stott do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jeremiah Cloves do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Chapman do attend this House at the same Time

Ordered, That Mr. Coltman do attend this

House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Grimes do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr.-Green do attend this House

at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Glendoning do attend^ this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr.------- Gurney do attend this House

at the same Time.

Alconbury A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Hill, tec. Acts, made for repairing and amending that Part of the

Road. Roa(j leading from a certain Place, called The White Poji, on A/conbv.ry Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wands ford Bridge, in the said County, called The North Division of the Road-, and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wyldbore, Lord Hincliingbro'k,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Oxford The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Mileways. into further Confederation the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual amending such of the Roads as belong to, and are Part of, the Mileways leading to the University and City of Oxford, and which are not made a Part of any Turnpike Road; for the making a commodious Entrance into the said University and City, through the Parish of Bridgejet, commonly called Saint;

for the widening, repairing, or re-building, the Bridge called Magdalen Bridge-, for making a safe and commodious Road from the said Bridge, through the University and City aforesaid, to join the Great Roads leading to Worcester, Gloucester, Birmingham, Banbury, Abingdon, Newbury, Southampton, and other Places; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the

laid Parish of Saint Clement-, for removing Nuisances and

y.

Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said City; for impowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; and for other Purposes; was committed.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question l'cverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time,

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " more than One Half of the." And the Question being put, That those Words Hand Part of the said Amendment; -The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

(Sir Roger N

Page:

103.

44.

’I Mr,

rr„ c , xt (Lord Char let Stenrer,

Tellers for the ^Jocs3\ cy /- # l>// /

’(Mr. Joseph Bullock:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- grafted.

Mr. Sutton presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several A&sof Parliament',

Copies of fuel) Returns of the Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies of Militia, at the Times of Annual Exercise, in the Year 1770: And also.

Such Copies of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants, and Militia Officers, as have been tianlmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Mr. Sutton also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Lists of the Commissioned Officers, now in several of the Regiments of Militia of this Kingdom; dating the Counties in which they lerve, and their respective Ranks.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth to Mr. , N#

dated Saint James’s, 17th October 1770, by Potter, which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of February last: And also.

The Translation of the Paper intituled, " Copy of his " Catholic Majesty’s Orders, signified by the Baiio Fray " Dn Julian de Arriaga, to D" Philip Ruiz Puente, dated " Pardo, 7th February, 1771;" which was presented to the House upon Friday last; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That in the late Negotiation with the Court of concerning Falkland’s Island, His Majesty’s Ministers having neglected todemandan Explanation of the Oath of Office taken by the Spanish Governors in America, their general Orders, and the established Laws of America, under which those Governors pretend to act, and under which the Court of Spain doth pretend to justify them in commencing Hostilities; His Majesty’s Rights and Possessions in America remain thereby exposed, and liable to be disturbed by the said Governors, under Pretence of such Oath of Office, their general Orders, and the established Laws of America-,

The

Army

Returns,

Falkland Island*.

11 Geo. III. 5° —

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

iMr. Thomas Townshend, 1

Junior, > 43.

Mr. Darner: J

Tdlers for be Noe.} F"*' ] 130.

So it palfed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Whale Rf dived, That this House will, upon Morn-

Fishery. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole - House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of upon , on

Behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery, to , Davis’s

Straits, and the Seas adjacent; and also, the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland and also, the Petition of the Merchants, and others His Majesty’s Subjects,

concerned in the Whale Fishery; were referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock

Mercuriiy 6° die Martii;

Anno ii# Georgii III‘" Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Ladas Pen Q IR John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, ac-Drainage. cording to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in Ladus , in the Isle of Ely: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Myton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Indofore. Common Pasture, called Myton , in the Lordship of Myton, in the Parish of the Holy in the Town

and County of KingJIon upon Hull, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Pasture, called Myton Cain the Lordship of , in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the Town and County of the Town of KingJIon upon Hull.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the £x>rds, and desire their Concurrence.

Jifeo’"0 Mr. Milles reported from the Committee, to whom EstateT ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George, late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contrafts entered into by him, for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland3 and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity, was committed3 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 3 and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And a Motion being made. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House was moved, That the Standing Orders of Vo1. 33.

Mar tit, 3 29

the House, of the 6th Day of February tjdji cdricemiftg Notices to be given in Ireland, before any Private Bill relating to Estates there, be brought in, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of 1766, of the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of , in Truf-

tees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contrafts entered into by him, for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity, was committed, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effedluating several Contracts entered into by him, for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland-, and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Milles do carry the Bill to the Lords3 and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without hny Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do make the Report frotn Westminster the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, and render Paving, more effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of tVeJimaifter, and Parts adjacent, was committed.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee; to Llvingflon. whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act, &c* passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, intituled, '

An Act for repairing the Roads from by the

Kirk of Shotts, to the City of and by the

Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven, thereunto subscribing3 and also, the Petition of Archibald Earl of Eglington, John Earl of London, Patrick Earl of Dumfries, and the humble Petition of David Kennedy, Esquire,

Member of Parliament for the County of 3 and also, the Petition of the Freeholders and Heritors in the County of Lanerk, and Trustees in an Act, made in the 26th Year of his late Majesty’? Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Livingston to the City of and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of,

thereto subscribing j and also, the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, were referred 3 That the Committee had examined the Matters of the Two first-mentioned Petitions (no Evidence being produced in Support of the Two last mentioned Petitions) and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House 3 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was readj and is as followeth 3 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First Petition, the said Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was read 3 and James Conifon, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees, appointed by the said Act, have made great Progress in amending die Roads thereby directed to be repaired, and have borrowed fe-» veral Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied; but that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair,

3 N and

2^0 6* Mar tit > . 17714

and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, be further continued and enlarged.

To prove the Allegations of the Second Petition, Mr. "John Campbell, being examined, laid. That the Road leading from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of S/rathaven, in the County of Lanerk, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious; and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Livingston by the Kirk of Shafts, to the City of and by the

Town of Hamilton, to the Town of 5; and for

repairing and widening the Road leading from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven, in the County of Lanerk: And that Sir Alexander Gilmour and Mr. James Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Carters, &e. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

(Scotland.) wh0 appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better Regulation of Carters, Carts, Carriages, Loaded Horses, Filling up of Coal Pits, Obstructions, and Nuisances, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for regulating Hawkers, Pedlars, Huckfters, Tinkers, and Petty Chapmen.

Westminster, Mr. Plumptre, according to Order, reported from the

Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, and render ‘mo®‘ more effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, - cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and Parts adjacent, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Governors and Directors of the Poor, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Holborn, which

lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Pari Or of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the several Parishes of Saint James, Saint Margaret, Saint John the Saint Martin in the

Fields, Saint Ann, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George Bloomsbury, the Precinct of The Savoy, and the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, within the City and Liberty of Westminster and County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other the Owners and Occupiers of Houses within the said federal Parishes; and also, the Petition of the several Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the City and

Liberty of Westminf.tr, were referred; That the Committee had considered the last mentioned Petition; and had heard Counsel in Support of the first-mentioned Petition, and had also heard Counsel on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelifi and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom Edinburgh the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Streets, Squares, tiic.on the South Side of Edinburgh, who are thereunto c‘ subscribing, for themselves, and for Behoof of the other Inhabitants there, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, John Selon, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Streets and other Passages adjoining to the City of Edinburgh, on the South Side thereof, lying between the Street leading from the Cozvgate Port of Edinburgh, to the Toll Gate, called Gibbet Toll, on the East; and the Street leading from the Twopeny Custom, near to the Toll

Gate, called Wright's Houses Toll, on the West, within the Parishes of Saint Cu/hberts, or Westkirk, and Canon Gate, are very populous, but are very ill lighted and watched, and not properly cleansed.

That the said Streetsand Passages are greatly annoyed by Signs, Posts, and other Projections; and that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Streets and Passages, if Power was given to remove such Annoyances, and to prevent the like for the future: That the Laws in being are insufficient to light, watch, and cleanse, the said Streets and Passages, or to remove such Annoyances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the several Streets, and other Passages, on the South Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future: And that Mr. Dundas, Sir Laurence Dundas, and Sir Alexander Gil-thour, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Brozvnlow Bertie reported from the Committee, West Alhbjr, to whom the Bill fortlividing and inclosing the Open and &c-

Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common Mea- Inc^ofure' dows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of West Ashby, within the Manors of Horne aft le and West Ashby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, whole Interest in the Lands intended to be inclosed is of the annual Value of f.41; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed is of the annual Value of f: 627; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read vthe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ih at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Turner presented to the House, according to Tadcaftfr Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, Road, to repair the Road leading from T within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Bradford Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, Cu‘‘al- _ from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, at

5 / ’ijldhlll.

Ellington's

Lllaics.

Birmingham

ro

Edgehill

Road.

Reading

and

Pontiield,

Roaoi.

Great

Farringdon

Road.

Mackenzie's

oJC.

Name.

i i Geo. III. 6° MartiL 231

Windhill, in the Township of in the County of 7ork: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry to the Lords the logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for cflectuatir.g a Conveyance of the Real Estates late of John PJfington, Esquire, deceased, to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree or Order of the High Court of Chancery; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warming ton, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, lo far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, aforesaid; was read the Third Time.

Aejolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from,

through Warwick, to Warmington, and from,

through Siratjordupon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Siratjord upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That the Earl of Catherlough do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and P in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Highway between a House in Speenhamland, in the Occupation of Edward Sheppard, and the West End of the Highway by the said Acts directed to be repaired; and also, the Highway from Bojlock Lane to Pangborne, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

Reeved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Lveral Acts for repairing tire Highways between the Bear Inn :n Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of B.rks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing several other Roads, in this Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Dodd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Market House, in the Town of

Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to in

the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Rej'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dodd, Mr. Seymour, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Molesworthreported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Mackenzie, David Gravier, and John Gravier, respectively, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Godfrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill lo the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

VOL. 33.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Mole/worth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Maftefs, Brothers, and Sifters, of the Hospital or Free Chapel, of Saint Catharine, near The Tower of London, in the County of on Behalf

of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the Precinct of Saint Catharine, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, such Parts of the Precind of Saint Catharine, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and representing to the House, that there are Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill; which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and a great Hardship upon many of the Inha-tants of the said Precind: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be any ways prejudicial to them and the other Inhabitants, and have inch Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall leeml meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Billy against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preferring certain Fen'Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Wrelon, Wereham, West Dereliam, and Rox-ham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act; for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Northwold, Wretton, Wereham, West Dereham, and Rox-ham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do'make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Augustine Noverre, was committed.

Ordered, That the Earl of Catherlough and Mr. Thomas Edwards Freeman be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of William Longford, Clerk, One of the Patrons and Rector of the Parish of Stretton on the Fofs, in the County of Warwick, and as Rector seised of, and entitled to, all the Great Tythes of Corn and Hay arising out of all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish, and also entitled to certain Vicarial and Small Tythes arising and payable within the said Parish, and also entitled to certain Glebe Lands annexed to the said Rectory, and of William Longford, John Wheatcroft, Edward Gibbs, Richard Grimmet, John Grimes, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as Owners of* and interested in, divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish of Stretton on the Fofs.

A Bill for discharging from Tythe certain Lands, in the Parish of Sebraham, otherwise in the County

Saint

Catherine's

Paring.

Stoke Ferry, 5rc. (Norfolk) Drainage*

Noverre's

Nat.

Sfaetton on the Fofs, &c. lnriofute.

SebfahafH

Tythes.

2Z2 6° MartiL A. 1771*

County of Cumberland^and Tor making Compensation to the Curate of the said Parish for the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Novenefi Mr. Ga/coyne, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Noverre,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

' and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ga/coyne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint ^hem, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Stan veil Mr. Ga/coyne presented to the House, according to

Fact Path-. Order, a Bill to impower Sir John Gibbons to shut up the Foot Paths, over certain Lands in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of and to extinguish

all Claims and Right of Common in and over the said Lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in Repair a Foot Path in lieu thereof; and to veil certain Premises and a Sum of Money in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Corporations: A Bill for the further quieting and establishing Cor-

Wsrranto Porat‘ons> anti for rendering more speedy and effectual ^rran , proceccjjngS jn Writs of Quo and Informa-

Writs. tions in Nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus', and for regulating Admissions into Corporations and Boroughs; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

York to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intityled. An Act

Bor Road.,d*e to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York', without any Amendment: And also,

Earl The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Ferrers for more effectually veiling the Reversion in Fee Simple, ate* of and in divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Derby, LeNottingham, and Stafford, in Washington Earl Ferrers and his Trustees; and for confirming Letters Patent granted thereof, and of certain other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, to the said Earl, in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made. That the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, for the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision, for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1771, as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the famfc.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is Thame* concerned in the Bill for embanking a certain Part of " *" "cet' the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, and County of Middlesex; which Bill was upon Tuesday last read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest i^ concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for charging certain new Duties on Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, and for securing the reby, and by a Weekly Payment out of the Poll Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a Yearly Fund of £. 186,670 for Thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other Her Majesty’s Occasions, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

11 Geo. III. 6 Martii.

233

mittee, That they do consider of To milch of the said Act as relates to the licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches.

Then' the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from thte Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House* That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* ro consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sooth Lrlth A Petition of Francis Earl of Moray was presented

Streets, the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-

*c* tioner is informed, that a Petition has been presented, for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of St. and Yard

Heads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water, and for erecting Fountains, Reservoirs, and Markets, within the same; and for the better Regulation of Porters, Carters, Coachmen, and Chairmen, in the said Town, and Limits thereunto adjoining* and that the Petitioner conceives, that the Tendency of the aforesaid Petition may, in sundry Respects, be highly prejudicial to his Interest in an Estate belonging to him, adjacent to the said Town of South Leith: And therefore praying the House, to allow the Petitioner to be heard, by his Counsel, upon his Interest in the Matter of the above-mentioned Petition and Bill, when brought into the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Heritors and Inhabitants of the Town of South Leith, and Places thereunto adjoining, is referred and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said first-mentioned Petition, against the Petition now presented. '

Thames The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se-(Durham cond Reading of the Bill for embanking a certain Part Yard.) of the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of and County of Middle] ex j _

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel against the Bill having acquainted the House, that they were Counsel onlyfor the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council afietnbled:

And the House being also informed, that no Person appeared in Support of the Petition of the Rulers of the Watermen and Lightermens Company, or of the Petition of the Coal and Corn Lightermen, Navigators of Craft upon the River Thames;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and also the other Petitions, were read.

And the Counsel for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, were heard.

Voj.. 3j.

And theil the Counsel bn both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Counsel for the Petitioners be restrained from offering any Evidence touching the several Points to which Evidence was produced at the Committee, to whom the Petition of John, James-, and William Adam, and James Paine, Architects, Dorothy Month, Widow, Clementina Pazvfon, Widow', and William Kit-chiner-. Coal Merchant, was referred, and which is contained in the Report which was made from the said Committee upon the 2 2d day of February Iaft, and which Report was then ordered to be printed j The House divided;

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J . } 53-

f Mr. Alderman Town- 1 Tellers for the Noes,< Jend, > 12.

i Mr. Calcraft: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Theft the Counsel on both Sides were again called in j and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And One of the Counsel for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, acquainted the House, That he had been mi (taken in declaring to the House, that he was Counsel for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, only* having been since credibly informed, that he was also to be of Counsel for the other Petitioners and that he was now ready to proceed. k And then they were again directed to withdraw'.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Petitioners, the Coal and Corn Lightermen, Navigators of Craft upon the River Thames, be now admitted to be heard, and to produce Evidence in Support of their Petition j

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof, the Words " the Council at the Bar having declared, that they " were Counsel for the City of London only."

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by adding at the End thereof, the Words " and having afterwards declared, that in so declaring, they were mistaken."

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the last mentioned proposed Amendment; viz.

To insert after the Word " afterwards" the Words " upon being called in, and the Resolution which the " House had come to, having been read to them j" after the Word " were" to insert " credibly informed that " they were-" and at the End thereof, to insert the Words " and that they were ready to proceed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said proposed Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question being put, That the said proposed Amendment, so amended, be added to the First proposed Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said First proposed Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereup on, agreedtoby the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That the Petitioners, the Coal and Com Lightermen, Navigators of Craft upon the River Thames, be now admitted to be heard, and to produce Evidence, in Support of their Petition; the Counsel at the Bar having declared, that they were Counsel for the City of London only; and having afterwards, upon being called in, and the Resolution which the House had come to having

3 O been

Privilege

(News-

papers.)

234

6° — 70 Marti.

A.

1771

been read to them, declared, that in so declaring, they were credibly informed that they were mistaken; and that they were ready to proceed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

[Mr. Alderman bridge,

Mr.: .

Tellers for the Noes \ Sir Gmge CoUbrooke'

L etlers for the Noes, j Gilmour

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being puty That the further hearing of Counsel upon the said Matters, be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, I SjfUil

1 ,1

*7-

57-

1 £ Mr. Edmonjione:

{Mr. Alderriian thick,

Mr. Byng <

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Treco-

]46.

1

*3-

And then the House adjourned tiil Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 7* die Martii;

Anno n° Georgii III'" Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

*11 ^"R. Onslow reported to the House, That their IVl Address of Monday lift (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to issue His. Royal Proclamation, for apprehending John Wheble and R. Thompson, with a Promise of Reward for the fame) bad been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

His Majesty’s Proclamation, iflfued in pursuance of the said Address, is as followeth:

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

For apprehending John W and R. Thompson.

GEORGE R.

Whereas, on the Eighth Day of February last. Complaint being made to the House of Commons, of the printed Newspaper, intituled. The Gazetteer and New Daily Adverlifer, Friday, February 8, 1771, printed

for R. Thompson; and also, of the printed Newspaper,

intituled. The MiddlesexJournal, or Chronicle of Liberty,

from Tuesday, February 5, to Thursday, February 7,

1771, printed*- for J.. IVheble, as misrepresenting the Speeches, and reflecting on several of the Members of the said House, in Contempt of the Order, and in Breach of the Privilege of the said House: It was ordered, That the said J. IVheble and R. Thompson should attend the said House of Commons; and they, not having obeyed the said Order, it was thereupon ordered, by the said House of Commons, That the said John IVheble and R. Thompson should be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the said House, or his Deputy: And whereas the said Deputy Serjeant, having informed the House that he had not been able to meet with the said John Wheble and R. , or either of

them, though he had been several Times at their respective Houses, and had made diligent Search after them,

8

to take them into Custody, an humble Address hath been presented to Us, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, in Parliament assembled, That We would be graciously pleased to issue Our Royal Proclamation for apprehending the said John Wheble and R. Thompson, with a Pro-mi(e of Reward for the same; We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to ill'ue this-.

Our Royal Proclamation, hereby requiring and commanding all Our loving Subjects whatsoever,. to discover and apprehend, or cause the said John Wheble and

R. Thompson, or either of them, to be discovered and apprehended, and to carry him or them before some of Our Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrates of the County, Town, or Place, where lie or they shall be' apprehended; who are respectively required to secure the said John Wheble and R. Thompson, and thereof give speedy Notice to One of Our Principal Secretaries of State, to the End he or they may be forthcoming to be dealt withal, and proceeded against according to Law And for the Prevention of an Escape of the said Joint

Wheble and R. Thompson, or either of them, into Parts beyond the Seas, We do require and command all Our Officers of the Customs, and other Our Officers and Subjects of and in Our respective Ports and Maritime Towns and Places, within, Our Kingdom of Great Britain, that they, and every of them, in their respective Places and Stations, be careful and diligent in the Examination of all Persons that shall pals, or endeavour to pals, beyond the Seas; and if they shall discover the said John Wheble and R. Thompson, or either of them, then to cause him or them to be apprehended and secured, and to give Notice thereof as aforesaid. And We do hereby strictly charge and command all Our loving Subjects, as they will answer the contrary at their Perils, that they do not any ways conceal, but do discover, him or them, the said John Wheble and R.

Thompson, to tire End he or they may be secured. And for the Encouragement of all Persons to be diligent and careful in endeavouring to discover and apprehend the said John Wheble and R. Thompson, We do hereby further declare. That whosoever shall discover and apprehend the said John Wheble, and R. or either

of them, within Three Weeks from the Date thereof, and shall bring him or them, the said Wheble and R. Thompson, before forr\e Justice of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall have and receive, as a Reward for the Disco very, apprehending, and bringing the said John Wheble and R. Thompson, or either of them, before such Justice of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate, as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each: which Our Commissioners of Our Treasury are hereby required and directed to pay accordingly.

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Eighth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, in the Eleventh Year of Our Reign.

God save the King.

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to Hommglnw whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common (Burton) and Waste Ground, within the Township or Hamlet of I°clofute-Horning low, in the Parish of Burton, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Person, whose Property in the Lands intended to be inclosed is 15 Acres; and that the Whole amounts to 3,734 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to.oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where

11 Geo. III. 7° Martii.

235

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

African Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Anno 1769, Company. The Account of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to; distinguishing every

" Article of Expence under its proper Title," be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, is referred.

Ordered, That the several Papers containing the State and Condition of the Forts upon the Coast of Africa (which were presented to the House upon the 26th Day of February last) be referred to the said Committee.

Scretton, Sir William Fagot reported from the Committee, to acc. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several n oure. Open Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the several Hambts of Stretton, Horninglow, Bond End, and Branjion, within the Parish of Burton upon 'Trent, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That tire Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Four Persons, who are possessed of 75 Acres of Land, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be inclosed, is 3,710 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrossed.

Stapenhill, Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to See. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Indoiorc. Fields, Common, or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Hamlets of Stapenhill and tVinfhill, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 17 Acres, who would not sign the Bill, being only Tenant for Lite; and that the Whole consists of 1,977 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

'Monyafh An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-(Bakewell) mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of ioclolure. jn t[ie Parish of Bakezvell, in the County of Derby, was read the Ti iird Time.

Refofri d, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons Vol. 33.

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Monyash, in the Parish of Bakewell, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Hodges Road from a Place called Hodges, in the Parish of May- toCuckfield, field, to Beadles Hill, in the Parish of Lindfield, and *:

from thence to the Town of Cuckfields ^nd the Road ®'oads*

branching out of the fame, at Beadles aforesaid, to the Town of Lindfield: and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road between the Towns of and Crawley,.over Saint Leonard'sForest, to the Town

of Hersham; all in the County of Sussex; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield; and from Beadles Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Lindfield;‘ and from the Turnpike Road between Cuckfield and Crawley, to the Town of Hwsham; and also the Road from Swingate, in the Parish of Burwafk, to Shover Green, in the Parish of Ticehurst; all in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcmxt do carry the Bill to tile Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. JValter presented to the House, according to Or- Exeter der, a Bill to regulate and remove certain Public Mar- Markets,*:, kets in the City of Exeter, and for that Purpose to pun-chafe a Plot of Ground; and to prevent the Holding of the Markets in the High Street of the said City; and also to remove and prevent An*oyances in the said City, and its Suburbs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Edwards.Freeman presented to the House, stretton-

according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing on-the-Fofs certain Open and Common Fields, called Stretton Com- inclosure. mon Fields, and certain Common. or Waste Grounds, called Stretton Heath, and Stretton Horse Slead, in the Parish of Stretton on the Fofs, in the County of War-ivick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accord- London Br;ag« ing to Order, a Bill for further continuing the Tolls upon London Bridge \and for empowering the Mayor

and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to authorize Persons, possessed for Terms of Years of certain Houses and Ground, described in an Act of the 7th Year of His present Majesty. to build upon and indole such Ground, in case the Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance are not to be found, or are not willing to indole and build upon the fame: And the ferae was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, reported from the st. John Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Church- (Cierkenwsii) wardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Streets,*:. Saint John, Cltrkenwell; and also, the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James,

ClerkenwtU, in the County of Mwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and several other Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the Pariflponers and Inhabitants in the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Mid-

dlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and many others residing in the said Parish, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to

>vpo;t

236 i° Martii. ^, 1771.

report the fame, 4s they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Sir George Booth, Batohet, being examined, said. That the Parish of Saint John, Gl is large and populous; that the Streets are so ill paved and lighted, as to be dangerous for Passengers; are much annoyed by Spouts and Gutters; rendered very incommodious by Pods and Projections; and are not sufficiently clean fed.

Mr. James Emonfon confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwe/l, in the county of ,

and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. 'Thomas Townshend, Junior, and Mr. Serjeant Glynn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

New Ordered, That Hugh Roberts do attend this House,

Shore ham upon this Day Sevennight, when the Bill to incapa-

Election. citate John Burnett, Charles Francis

grove, "Thomas HaJ'elgrove, John Pedman, Junior, Ralph MooryThomas Par Jons, Thomas Snook, Junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hamington, John Cheejman, Richard Blair, George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Growler, John Bicknell, Mathias TruJier, Thomas Pockney, Joseph John Dean, James Robinson, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsjiejh, John Purse, John Dean, Thonias Jennings, John Snook, Junior, Richard Ti/JUme, William Turner, alter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooler, Thomas Frojl, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery Churcher, John Worton, Walter Broad, Thomas Hollingham, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Samuel Wilson, Clement Freeman, William William Jupp,

Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Newuham, Jeffery Carver, Thomas Robinson, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman, Senior, William Jennings, William Hards,

' Thomas Gear, William Ru, Henry Robinson, and Henry

Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of New in the Coun-

ty of Sussex, is ordered to be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That John Innot do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Pelham do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Bedding do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Joseph Stevens do attend this House, at the same Time.

Wakefield Mr. LafceUes presented to the House, according to < Yorkshire) Order, a Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, Sueeu, See.antj jjghtJugj the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the East End of Wefigate Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York)and the extreme Part of the Township

of IVakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards Ea/l Moor-, for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Alexander Gilmour presented to the House, accord- Livingtlone

ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Q|afj"w. ic an Act, made in the Tweiity-sixth Year of the Reign of C’

King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Confines of the County of at or near Lichgate, to the Town of Strathaven, in the County of Lanerk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Alexander Gilmour presented to the House, accord- Carter?, ing to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Carters, Cam, &o. Carts; Carriages, loaded Horses, Hawkers, Pedlars, (*>co‘l«»d.) Huckfters, Tinkers, and petty Chapmen j and for filling up of Coal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nuisances, within that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland: And the same was re* ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday last, Chtfler for the Second Reading of the Bill for making a Navi- Navigation, gable Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey, upon Monday Morning next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant March.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the-Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, which was presented to the House upon the 12th Day of February last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, at the Second Reading of the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Whale resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to F,fl*erlr‘ consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmenof the Port of Kingston upon Hull, on Behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fitbery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent; and also, the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, and others His Majesty’s British Subjects concerned in the Whale Fishery, were referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left 'the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Herring to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to f,ftlcr)r-consider further of the several Laws now in being, for the

i i Geo. III.

237

the Encouragement of t^e British White Herring Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Snaith, Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to

&c. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Inclosure. p;ejcjs> Common Pastures, and other Lands, in the Township of Great Heckand Hamlet of Little ,in the Parish of Snaith, and the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to contider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home, on Account of the artnudl 'Exercise, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-1-upon, agreed to by the House.

Ways and Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

Means, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to corifider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be licensed an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, not exceeding Two hundred; and that the new Licences, so to be granted, be extended to all Places within the Cities of London and , and the Suburbs thereof, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be reserved, and made payable, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon every one of the said Licences, so to be granted, for Hackney Coaches, within the Limits aforesaid, a Rent of Five Shillings a Week, to be paid during the Continuance of such Licence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Monies, to arise by Rents of the said additional Number of Hackney Coaches, be applied to such Uses and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Monies arising by Rents of Hackney Coaches, which were granted by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, are subject and-applicable to.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 33.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lunatic* to enable Lunatics, entitled to renew Leases, their Estates. Guardians and Committees, to accept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Grundy’* to enable Thomas Grundy, and his Issue Male, to take Name, and use the Surname of Swinfen-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for More'* exemplifying or inrolling the Will of Charles Macarthy Will. More, deceased, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain; to which the Lords deflre the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Avington rendering effectual an Exchange of certain Lands, Parcel Glebe of the Glebe of the Rectory of Avington, in the County Land*, of Southampton, for certain other Lands in the said Parish of Avington, belonging to the Molt, honourable the Marquis of Carnarvon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefierigers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act More’* for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of Charles Ma- w,u* earthy More, deceased, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Avington for rendering effectual an Exchange of certain Lands,

Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of Avington, in the County of Southampton, for certain other Lands in the said Parish of Avington, belonging to the Mod honourable the Marquis of Carnarvon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- jUron posed. That-Leave be given to bring in a Bill for set- on tling Doubts and Controversies concerning the Right of Libel*, Ac. Jurors, in Trials of Persons prosecuted for writing, printing, and publishing Libels, and for securing to Subject the effectual and complete Benefit of Trial by Juries in such Cases.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas "^^-’{Captain Phipps:

Tellers for the Noes,*Sir WillCodrington,

{Mr. Coxe:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

| 218.

72.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

3 P

a$8 8° Marti 1771:

enerisy 8* afo Martii;

Anno n* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Plymouth A BIL L to amend, and render more effectual, An'Ad, Town of in the County Palatine of

Paving,&Ci passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His pre- caJler; without any Amendment.

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting. And then the Messengers withdrew, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis - Royal Assent within the said Town, was read a Second Time. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mr. Speaker,

Molesworth, Lord Barrington, &c.: And they are to The King commands this honourable House to at-meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Com- Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, wfent up mittee are to have Voices. to attend His Majesty.

And being returned j

Tweed A Bill for regulating and improving the Fisheries, in Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended Fisheries. the River of Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty into the fame, was read a Second Time. was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas public and private Bills following $

Clavering, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in the

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for pu-Chamber. nishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Market ' A Bill to continue, and render more effectual. Two Dominions in Harborough Aits, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

Loughborough, George the First, and the 19th Year of the Reign of his an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Stc. ’late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Har- Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a R®4*1* borough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester-, Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, or River of and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the , at or near the Mouth of the River of , in

Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place the County of , to the , or River of Clyde,

called Filling Gate, to a Road called the Fofs Road, and at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from Mowbray to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Na-Leicester-, was read a Second Time. vigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Port and Harbour of to join the said

Palmer, Admiral Keppel, &c.: And they are to meet Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Ftrth

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of Forth:

Chamber. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement

made between Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General Otenhope A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and of His Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Morden Inclosure. Waste Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, Town- , in the County of Kent; for enabling His Ma-

ship, and Manor of Oxenhope, in the Parish of Bradford, jesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Leases of and County of York, was read a Second Time. Maidenstone in the Parish of East in the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, County of , to the said Trustees, upon the Terms Mr. Staunton, &c.: And they are to meet this Af- mentioned in the said Agreement; and for empowering ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of ber. the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in tlx

said College:

Shehon, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from An Act for the better paving that Part of the High tec. Shelton, in the County of Stafford, to the Road between Street, in the Parish of Mary otherwise

Roads. Qheadle an Leek, at Blakeley Lane Head-, and from which lies in the county of ; and

'Bucbiall to the Road between Leek and Sandon, at Weston for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein:

Coyney -, and from the said Road between Cheadle and An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes,

Leek to the Road above Froga/l Bridge; and from the Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in same Road, on the East Side ' Frogall Bridge, to the that Part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the Parish of Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Rue- Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the hill Gate, in the said County; was read a Second County of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street, and Time. White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields;

Resolved, ’That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances,

Sir John Wrottesley,&c. t And they are to meet this Af- and Obstructions therein:

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- An Act to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the ber. Birmingham Canal Navigation, to complete the said Ca-

nal to a Field called Newhall Ring, adjoining to the Stone A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, within 4c.* Stone, in the County of Stafford, to Lane End, and to a limited Time; and to maintain and keep the same free Road*, the Road between Leek and Sandon on Meir Heath, and and open for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other from thence to Blithe Bridge; and also from Meir to Vessels:

Trentham, and from thence to Stable/ord Bridge, in the An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Sef-said County j was read a Second Time. fion of Parliament, for better supplying the City of

6 cester.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, .

S\t John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr.

Angtdjh:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Liverpool to enable His Majesty to license a Plavhouse in the Pl»yh°ufe»

i^-

xi Geo. III. 8° Martii.239

cester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for Seaton , in the County of Part

better paving and lighting the said City; and for re* of the settled Estates of the said Sir Francis Blake Dela-moving and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances val; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: therein: An Act for effectuating a Conveyancfe of the Real

An Act for better regulating the Poor, within the Estates late of Esquire; deceased, to the

City of Oxford: Purchasers thereof, under a Decree or Order of the High

An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse Court of Chancery:

in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

Lancaster: mon Fields within the Township and Liberties of

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, bury, in the County of Bucks: made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com*

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds,

Spemal Ash, in the County of Warwick, to *. Street called and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of -

Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham: church, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Mallory,

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads in the county of :

leading through the County of Selkirk: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,- the

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Open Fields and Commonable Places, in , in the

Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Parish of Rothley, and County of

late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Middleton Tyas Lane to Greetabridge, and from thence Fields, Meadows, Commons, or Waste Lands, within

to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York: the Manor and Parish of Hill Croome, in the County of

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Worcester made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for An Act for dividing and inclosing Barniker Moor, repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the County within the Manor of Nether Wyerfdale, in the County of York, by Longfiat Lane, Gouldjbrough Fields, Flaxby, Palatine of Lancaster:

Allerton, Mauleverer, and Scale Moor, to Greenhammer- An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

ton, in the same County, and for making the same a Fields, Common Pasture, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

High Carriage Road: within the Township, Hamlet, or Liberty of Fairfield, in

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, the Parish of Hope, and County of Derby: made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tad- Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, caster, through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the Grounds, in the Parish of Great Brickhill, in the County County of York: of Bucks

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County of Sproxt in the Couaty of Leicester

York: An Act for dividing and inclosing tfite several Stinted

An Act for more effectually veiling the Reversion, Pastures, called the North Moor, Bark, and

in Fee Simple, of and in divers Lands and Heredua- Garforth Close, within the Township of Rilfion, in the ments, in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, West Riding of the County of York and Stafford, in Washington Earl Ferrers, and his Truf- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corn-tees j and for confirming Letters Patent granted there- mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, of, and of certain other Lands and Hereditaments in Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of the County of Northampton, to the said Earl, in the Saltbyin the County of Leicester: Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other An Act to enable the Right honourable Lord

Purposes therein mentioned: Ducie, and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton,

An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right of Agreement, between William Lambton, Esquire, and honourable Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant the honourable and Right Reverend Richard Lord Bifihop to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie: of Durham, and the other Persons therein named: An Act to enable Captain Samuel and the

An Act to enable the Bishop of Hereford to exchange Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, certain Lands and Premises, in the County of Hereford: and bear the Arms of Sir Samuel deceased, pur-

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, in- suant to his Will: tituled. An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate An Act to enable Thomas Grundy, and his Issue Male, of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom to take and use the Surname of Swinfen: of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, An Act to enable William Mackenzie,' David Gravier,

Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in, and appoint- and John Gravier, respectively, and the Heirs Male of ed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname and effectuating several Contrafts entered into by him; for Arms of Godfrey: ' *

felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland; An Act for making the Exemplification of the last and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence Will and Testament of Francis Macartney, Esquire, dein Law and Equity: ceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in

An Act to empower Sir Francis Blake Delaval, Knight Great Britain and Ireland: of the Bath, or the Person or Persons claiming under a An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Knight, Settlement of his Family Estates, dated the 19th Day of Esquire, with Catharine Lynch, his now Wife; and to January 1748, to grant to Thomas Delaval, Esquire, his enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes Heirs and Assigns, a certain Parcel of Land and Build- therein mentioned:

ings. Liberties and Privileges; and also to grant Two An Act for naturalizing Henry Renner. several Leases, for 99 Years each, to, or in Trull for,

the said Thomas Delaval, and Sir John Huffey Delaval, A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the hum- Tweed Baronet, of certain Lands, Copperas Works, Buildings, ble Petition of the several Gentlemen, whose Hands are Fiflwrie*. Liberties, and Privileges, in the Manors of Hartley and thereunto set, and Names subscribed, in Behalf of Vol. 33. themselves

8° Mar lit. . 1771*

themselves and Others, Owners of, and interested in, Fisheries in the River Tweed, as well in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as- in that Part thereof called England, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for the Improvement of the Fisheries, and better Regulation of Fishing, in the River Tweed; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now (lands, it will be very prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating and improving the Fisheries, 'in the River of Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Corrfmittee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

South Reflon Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. gj]| for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South Reston, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent 'to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Thames and A Bill for improving and completing the Navigation

Navigation B-lvers Thames and from the City of,

to the Town of Crickdale, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sambrooke Freeman, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wem to Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to ^Roadf0" ^r^er’ a Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead-03 ing from Wem, in the County of Salop, to or near Chirk, in the County of Denbigh-, from Horton to Knockin and Llanymynech; and also the Road from the End of Cotton M'ood to Whitchurch, in the County of Salop: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BoothBy Lord Brownloiv Bertie reported from the Committee, Graffoe to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open nc.ofure. an(j (jornmon Fields, Meadows, Failures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boothby' Graffoe, in the County of . was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

O

the Bill, and found the same to De true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Thomas Oldknow, Gentlerhan, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to Boston West, in the County of Lincoln-, and Setting forth, That if the same should pass into a Law as it now Hands," the Property of the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced; And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affrd his Property; and that he may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Downs, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of East Garston, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Downs, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of East Garston, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mt. Vanjittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t

A Bill for paving and keeping in Repair the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Mi; for widening the Passages at the West End of Street, and at the

South End of Brick Lane-, and to make a Street or Way from the North End of Norman Street, through certain Garden Grounds and Fields, to the City Road; for removing Obstructions and Annoyances from the said Streets; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitbread, Sir Charles Whitworth, See.: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Peter Du Rove-ray, John Daniel Naville, John Peter Eynard, and David Chollet.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 11. 1. 14.

1. 28. Pr. 2. 1. 6.

Pr.3" 1- 5"

1. 6.

1. 18.

Leave out " and."

After " Switzerland" insert " and John

" Zac hart as Gertcken, Son of George " Gertcken, and Anna his Wife, born " at Candan in Co." Leave out " and, " and after " Chollet'* insert " and John Zacharias Gertcken." Leave out "and," and after " " insert " and John Zacharias ."

Leave out " and."

After " Chollet" insert " and John Zacharias Gertcken." Leave out " and, " and after " "

insert "and John Zacharias Gertcken."

In

Bollon Well Inclosure.

East Garftca Inclosure.

St. Luke's (Middlesex) Streets, &c.

Roveray,

&c.’s

Net.

ii Geo. III. Martii, 241

In the Title of the Bill, Leave out and, " and after " Choi let, inlert " and John Zacharias " Gertc ken."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Custom The House being informed that Mr. Tomlytis, from ' Ho"re _ the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

"ZThe was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the kanufaanre. House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Raw Silk, Thrown Silk, and other Silk, unmanufactured, which have been imported into England, from the 5th Day of January 1760, to the 5th Day of January 1771; distinguishing the several Years, and the Places from whence the said Silk has been imported: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Wrought Silk, and Raw and Thrown Silk, and other Silk, exported from England to Foreign Parts, from the 5 th Day of January 1760, to the 5th Day of January 1771; distinguishing the several Years, and the Places to which the said Silk has been exported: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of British Wrought Silk, exported from England to Foreign Parts, from the 5th of January 1760, to the 5th of January 1771; distinguishing the several Years, and the Places to which the said Silk has been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.'

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevens night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Office* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bafioyiucots. Upon the gjj to indemnify Persons who have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Staunton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr- Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Staunton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend- ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,^That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Silt Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Maaafadare. Account of the Quantity of Wrought Silks exported from Great Britain to the Wesi Indies and America, from the id Day of January 1760, to the 1 ft Day of January 1771, or as far as the same can be made up.

Broadway A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cotn-

Indofare. mon Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor Vox.. 33-

of Breadway, in the County of fVorcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meec this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the Bill for dividing Scalby-, and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands,

Commons, and Wastes, within the Manor of in ncl° urei

the North Riding of the County of York; and also a certain Common, called Tbroxenby otherwise Newby Moor, within the same Riding, be now read the Third Time j

And Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest, in Right of His Duchy of Lancester, is concerned in the said Bill;

Tire Lord Strange, as Chancellor of the said Duchy, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives -His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill, being ingrafted, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Commons, and Wastes, within the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also a certain Cotnmon> called Throxenby Moor, otherwise Newby Moor, within the same Riding.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmleydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Efti- Military mate of the Expence of railing and maintaining a Body FF»r5e.s. of 2,000 Men, upon the Plan proposed in the Bill for the company* more effectually railing a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company. *

Refolded, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Way* and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mea . Ways and -Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. - .

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to fiveral Resolutions; which, they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Cooper dlCo acquainted the House, That Ire was directed by the Committee to move, that they may ' have Leave to fit again. , v

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Thamis Hearing of Counsel, upon the Bill for embanking a cer- Emb.nkment. tain Part of the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of WestnV.nfler, and County of Middlesex;

3 Q The

242 8® — ix*

The Counsel for and against the kill were called in And the Counsel against the Bill were farther heard; and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence in Support of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alder-rnen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard} and produced Evidence, in Support of the Bid, against the said Petition.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard, by way of Reply j

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

t' n c .1 ir 1 Sir Alexander ?

Tellers for the Yeas* J Burrell: J SS-

SMr. Alderman Town-')

M^AMemun Wf ,0-

bridge: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the Bill was committed to Mr. , Sir

Alexander Gilmour,&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Whale Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Fishery. whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Kingston upon Hull, on Behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery, to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent; and also, the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, and others His Majesty’s British Subje&s concerned in the Whale Fishery; were referred; be received upon Mon-4py Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 11* Martii;

Anno n* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Bilbo? TB dTR. Whichcotpresented to the House, according to

Norton _|\j[ Order, a Bill Tor dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. Qpen pieids. Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Beeforth, Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom

Sec. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Inclosure. Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open and Common Grounds, within the Township of Liffett, in 'the Parish of otherwise Beeford, in

the East Ruling of the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found^he same to be true , and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-jnents thereunto; which they had directed him to report

Martiu \ 1771.

to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table': Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,' be ingrafted.

Mr. Lascelles repotted from the Committee, to whom Hetton, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Pastures &c-and Open Fields, within the Township of Hetton, in the Inclost, rt* Parish of Burnfal, and West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners or Proprietors of 32 Cattle Gates and an Half, who, being applied to, did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole Number of Cattle Gates intended to be inclosed is 311 j and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevc* ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, and Wakefield lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public (Yorkshire) Passages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in Streets' the County of York, which lies within the East End of Wefigate Bridge, the South Side of Northgate the North End ot Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards East Moor-, for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein j and for widening and rendering the same more commodious ;,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles,

Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, Kilham on the several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Would* the Township of Kilham on the Wculds, in the County of *BC 0 Bre’ York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Kilham on the Woulds, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open West Ashby and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common inciofure. Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of West Ashby, within the Manors of Homcastle and Ashby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Thiid Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Opeo and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of West Ashby, within the Manors of Homcastle and Ashby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered \That Lord Brownloiv Bertie do Carty the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

ir Geo. III. li Mar til.243

Rofcmary Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, Lane, &c.to whom the Bill for paving and regulating Rofcmary Raving. Lane, from the Parish of , also

the said Cable Street, the Foot Path in Back Lane, the Precinct of Wellclose, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane to Ratcliffe Cross, Butcher Row, and iBrook Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages,' opening into the same; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto lubscribed. Landlords, and Owners of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in Rosemary Ratcliffe Highway,

and other Places thereafter mentioned; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Houses on the North Side of Rofcmary Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary, fVhitechapel, in the County of were

referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Allegations of the Two last mentioned Petitions, and had considered the said First mentioned Petition; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he- read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

An ingrafted Bill for paving flapping Street, in the P &.c" County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages , D*' leading into the lame; and for removing all Encroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street, into Nightingale Lane, and for paving such Passage, and the East Side of; was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for paving Wappitig Street, in the County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the same; and for removing all Encroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street, into Nightingale Lane, and for paving such Passage, and the East Side of Nightingale Lane.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

London A Bill for further continuing the Tolls upon London r.ridge Bridge; and for empowering the Mayor and Common-Tol!s‘ alty and Citizens of the City of London to authorize Persons pofl’dled for Terms of Years of certain Houses and Ground, described in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, to build upon and inclose such Ground, in case the Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance are not to be found, or are not willing to inclose and build upon the same; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Sir Robert Ladbroke, &c.: And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

kadas Pen A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Drainage, arid Low Grounds, in Ladtts in the Isle of Ely, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynd Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 33.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Widow, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberties or Hamlets of Kilby ° e‘ and Newton Hareourt, in the Parish of , and

County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Broogb from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at of near Brough Ferry, in the Parish of , in the

East Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, through South CaVe, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

A Bill for making a Navigable Cut; or Canal, from Bradford; Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, at Wind* hte. hill, in the Township of Idle, in the County of York, was rSad a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

3

Mr. Southwell presented to the House, according td Prelion, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- *n<* Stratton mon Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Downs; *nc" nre, in the Parishes of Preston and Stratton, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received ;. and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House; according to Earl*

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Barton Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Inclosure> Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Bill to empower Sir John Gibbons to (hut tip the Stanwefl Foot Paths, over certain Lands in the Parish of Stan- Foot p«h,< well, in the County of Middlesex; and to extinguish all Claims and Right of Common in and over the said Lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in Repair a Foot Path in Lieu thereof; and to veil certain Premises and a Sum of Money in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish j Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gas-coyne, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to Stspleford whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open & Bramcot* Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures, nc "re* within the Liberties of Staplefwd and Bramcote, in the County of Nottittgham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis^-faction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 24

Acres

Oxford Mile Way*.

Bedford

Level

Corporation.

244 11 Martii.A. 1771.

Acres of Field Lands, 3 Cow Commons, 31 Horse Commons, and 110 Sheep Commons, who, being applied to, said, the Inclosure would be of no Service to them, and that they had rather it remained uninclosed; and that the whole Property in the said Fields and Commons intended to be inclosed is 590! Acres of Field Lands,

161 Cow Commons, 51 f Horse Commons, and 1,506 Sheep Commons 5 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual amending such of the Roads as belong to, and are Part of, the Mile Ways leading to the University and City of Oxford, and which are not made a Part of any Turnpike Road; for the making a commodious Entrance into the said University and City, through the Parish of Jet, commonly called Saint Clement; for the widening, repairing, or.rebuilding, the Bridge called Magdalen Bridge-, for making a safe and commodious Road from the said Bridge, through the University and City aforesaid, to join the great Roads leading to Gloucester, Bir-

mingham, Banbury, Abingdon, Newbury, Southampton, and other Places; for deanfing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for re nuking Nui lances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said City; for empowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; and for other Purposes; was read the Third Time.

Rejbhed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending certain of the Mile Way's lead -ing to Oxford;for making a commodious Entrance through the Parish of Saint Clemen; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge-, for making commodious Roads from the said Bridge, through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for empowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets, within the said City; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Edward Wi Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the BUI to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal. Banks and Works ne-celfary to the well draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, and for laying a Tax upon: the Lands within the said North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowlarul; and representing to the House, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in the Form it now (lands, it would be, in many' Respects, injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may aflfeft him; and that he may receive such

Relief in the Pjsemiles as to the House shall (cent meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Hanmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common raftures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Pattishall, with the Hamlets of Eastcote, AJlcote, and Darlefcote, in the County of North-

ampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act. made in the Eighteenth Year of King the Second,

to repair the’Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Turner, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they a*e to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering effectual an Exchange of certain Lands, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of in the County of Southampton, for certain other Lands in the said Parish of Avington, belonging to the Moll honour-

able the Marquis of Carnarvon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Bridges Rodney, Admiral Pye, &c.: And they are to meet this Atternoon, at Five.of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to regulate and remove certain Public Markets in the City of Exeter, and for that Purpose to purchase a Plot of Ground; and to prevent the Holding of the Markets in the High Street of the said City; and also to remove and prevent Annoyances in the said City, and its Suburbs; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walter, Mr. Buller,.&cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Harris, Gentleman, of the Town and Borough of Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner finds, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plin the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town; and that the Petitioner hath advanced the Sum of Four hundred Pounds upon the Credit of the said former Act, which (till remains due with Interest thereon: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the Bill, now depending in the House, for the securing to him the Repayment of the said Sum, with the Interest due, or which shall become due, thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, is committed; and that they have Power to make Provision

Patti shall^ &c. inclosure.

Tadcaster

Bridge

RoaJ.

Ayington

GlebeLaads.

Exeter

Markets.

Plymouth

Paving,

Hlydon

Square,

*c.

Paving.

Stretton on the Fofi, &c-Iactosure.

Hand Croft to

Hen field Koadt.

Ways and Meant.

Whale

FKbery.

11 Geo. IIL 11° Martiu 24c

lion in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching. Hay don Square, The New Haydcm Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Little Church

Street, otherwise the Church P Church , and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy in The Miuories, in the County of , within the

Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of j and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and tnclosing certain Open and Common Fields, called Stretton Common , and certain Common or Waste Grounds, called Stretton Heath, and Stretton Hone Slead, irt the Parish of Stretton on the Fofs, in the County of Warw, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cro/s, to Comer House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid, to The Maypole, in the Town of Henfield, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har-eourt, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to comfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,. towards raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, to be exchanged, and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles

Whitworth, the Lord Beauchamp, and Mr. De Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of-4*ie whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report*which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Kingston upon Hull, onBe-

Vol. 33.

half of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Filbery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent; and allb, the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland; and also, the Petition of the Merchant*, and others His Majesty’s British Subie<ftc, concerned in the Whale Fishery; were referred; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty be continued, on the Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and Places adjacent, for a limited Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,'

That from and after the Expiration of the present Bounty, a Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, on all Ships employed in the said Fishery, be granted, for the Term of Five Years; and from and after the Expiration of the said Five Years, a Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton; and from and after the Expiration of the said Second Term of Five Years, a Bounty of Twenty Shillings pet Ton, for Five Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir William Meredith, and Mr. Pennant, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Tweed mittee, to whom the Bill for regulating and improving FUh«rie». the Fisheries in the River of Tweed, and the Rivers ana Streams running into the fame, is committed.

Mr. Staunton, according to Order, reported from the Offices Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselvesl mp^ for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving fyrther Time for those Purposes, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon t'ne Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Tonnage posed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for limit- East°Ifn(j;jl ing the Tonnage of Ships which shall for the future be built for, or to be employed in, the Service of the United Company of Merchants trading to the Eqjl Indies-,

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telltis for the Year, j c/plfo ‘‘fHpfi } «

Tellers for the Noes, j . }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for limiting the Tonnage of Ships, which shall for the future be built for, or to be employed in, the Service of the United Company of Merchants trading to the Eqfi Indies: And that Mr. Buller, Mr. , the Lord PaJ-merjton, Mr ..Stephens, and Captain Phipps, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

3 R Ordered,

11° — 12°

A. 1771.

Timber Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider for the how His Majesty’s Navy may be better supplied with av7* Timber; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Burke, Mr. Dowdefivell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Recruiting Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Service. His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men recruited by each Regiment of Dragoons and Marching Regiments, within Great Britain, from the Tenth Day of December 1770, to the First Day of March 1771, or as far as the same can lie made up.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Counsel.

The other Orders of the Day being read $

Corporation* . Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Warranto Mont^s> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' &c House, upon the Bill for the further quieting and establishing Corporations; and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceeding in Writs of Quo and

Informations in Nature of a Quo and Proceed-

ings on Writs of Mandamus; and for regulating Admis-fions into Corporations and Boroughs.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 12° die Martii;

Anno 11" Georgii III'1* Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

\Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris, and Mr.

dJL Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Alveflon: The Lords hfive agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Alveflon, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

Wemyfs’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Aftto Name, enable Francis Charteris, Esquire, heretofore called Francis Wemyfs, and the Heirs of his Body, and several other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to retain, afiume, and sign, the Name of Charteris, and to bear the Arms of Charteris, and to hold and enjoy the Estate therein mentioned, notwithstanding the Dffcent to him or them respectively of the Honour and Title of Wemyfs, or any other Honour or Title whatsoever; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

.And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open and Common Grounds, within the Township of Liffett, in the Parish of otherwise Beeford,

in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open and Common Grounds, within the Township of Liffett, in the Parish of Beejorth, otherwise Beeford, in the East Riding of the County of r.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, deanfing, and: lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Placer,

> within the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 13. To leave out from " Places" to the End of Line 17.

Pr. 55. 1. 32. To leave out from " as" to the End of Line 33, and insert " is herein. " before directed" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, deanfing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Mr. fames Dundasreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of tile Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensfeiry, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Hareourl presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall, in the Parish of Mount-field, in the County of Sussex to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple CroJ'si and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of and from

Staple Cross to Longley's Water Corn Mill, at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road Ieadtfig from Wem, in the County of Salop, to or near Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, from Horton to Knockin and Llany-mynechi and also the Road from the End of Cotton

Wood,

Beeforrii,

Sec. i ndofure.

Westminlle*

' Paving,

tec.

Cramond Bridge 10 Queensferry Road.

Mountfield,

Sec.

Road.

Wem to Chirk, Sec. Road*.

11 Gm IIL i ^MairtiL 247

Wood, to Whitchurch, in the County of Salop', was read a Second Time.

j.Befohefi, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ky-xitston, Mr. Morgan,. Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock) in the Speaker’s Chamber.

JJIuo. A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, vthofe Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented tq the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, for repairing the Roads from Went, through Ellef-mere, in the County of Salop, to or near Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and lever^.otluer Roads therein mentioned; and representing to the House, that the Road leading from the Finger Post, near Pryfgwen, near Chirk, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, with a Branch leading out of the same to Pont y Blew, in the County of Salop, and also from Llanymyneck, to the River Tannat, at or near the Grove in the Township of Carreghova, and County of Denbigh, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in n \ny Places, and incommodious and dangerous: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tanlebigg, Mr. Dowiefwell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com-ore* mons. Commonable Grounds, and Wastes, called Red-ditch Common and Webb Heath, situate in that Part of the Manor of Tardebigg, which lies in the County of Worcester, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates, who are entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands, to be inclol'ed, of the Value of £. 223 per Annum, or thereabouts, who, being applied to, did not chuse to sign; the Bill, though most of them made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole Annual Value of the Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common upon the said Lands is £. 1,264 or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared. before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Liverpool The Lord Strange reported from the' Committee, to toPrdcott whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Road*. 'Three Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 19th and 26th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to and

other Roads in some of the said Acts mentioned, in the County Palatine of and for reducing the fame into One Act; for amending the Road from the Vol. 33.

Causeway. at Blacklow Brow, through Huylon, to the Turnpike Causeway leading from Prescott to and also Lime Kiln Lane, from the said Causeway, to Ratielagh House in Liverpool-, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses being committed by Persons employed in conveying Coals along the said Roads, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and mado several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were Once retd throughout 1 and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Silk Account of all Seizures made, of Foreign Wrought Manuueure*. Silks and Velvets, from- the 5th Day of January 1760, to the 5th Day of January 1771, or as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Friday next, to consider of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen emJ ployed in the Silk Manufacture, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant , refoive itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Peebles the Town of Peebles, to the King's Eatedge, and to Road*. Gatehope, Knowbumfoot, and to the Top of

and to Lochhead, in the County of Peebles, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Wedderburn,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Underwood'* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Barnet Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a Glebe Land, certain Piece of Incloled Land, in the Parish of East Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and Diocese of London, for other inclosed Land, Parcel of the Glebe of the said Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between Benjamin Underwood, Clerk, Master of Arts, Rector of the said Parish of East Barnet, and John Esquire,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned fiad g’ven their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several Commissioners appointed to put Thame* in Execution an Act made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and 1

248 12° Martii. 1771.

IjUs,from the City of , Westward, to the Town

of Crieklade, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act, the Regulation and Management of the River Kennel, between the Common Landing Place at Reading and the Mouth of the said River, is vested in the Petitioners; and that a Bill is depending in the House, for improving and completing the Navigation of the said Rivers Thames and IJis, which, the Petitioners apprehend, cannot be effectually carried into Execution, unless Power is given to regulate the Navigation of the said River Kennel, within the Limits aforesaid, in like Manner as the Petitioners are impowered to do by the said Act; and that the Fry of Salmon and other Fish are frequently destroyed in the said Rivers, by Persons fishing at unseasonable Times in the Year, and with unlawful Nets; and the Petitioners apprehend, if Power was given to prevent such illegal Practices in that Part of the River Thames which is out of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, and also in the River IJis, it would tend to the Preservation of the Fry of Fish within the said Rivers: -And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a. Committee: And that they do examine the.Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Freeman,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shrewlbary A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Common-®'V?gc*. alty, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town or Bo-( on.) roUgjj IjuUoiu, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County t and that the Gyd Town of Ludlow is by such Bill intepde^Ho be included and charged with the Payment of aspfoportionable Share with other Parts of the said County; and that there are Three large Bridges belonging to the said Town of Ludlow (which is a distinct Liberty, and not liable to contribute to the County Rates) which Bridges they are obliged to support and keep in Repair at their own Charge; and that the Tolls or Pontage arising from such Bridges is at all Times greatly inadequate to the Charge of repairing the fame, and which at present are greatly impaired and damaged; and that a very large Sum of Money must be immediately expended in repairing the fame, which will be attended with a heavy Charge upon the Inhabitants of the said Town of Ludlow: And therefore praying the House to exempt the Petitioners from any Tax that is intended by the said Bill to be laid or imposed on them, on Account of building the said Bridge at Shrexvsbury, or to grant them such Relief and Redrefc therein, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until th% Bill for enabling the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury, to raise Money for building the said Bridge, and for carrying the several Purposes of the said Act into Execution, be read a Second Time.

Framwelgate Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac-^Iado'Ur*^ cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The Intack or Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint Ojivald, and Manor of Quester, in the County Palatine of Durham’, and for ex-y tinguishing all Right of Common in certain indofed In-5

tercommon Lands there: And the same was received ( and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tjme.

A Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Exe- Shelton, cution an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repair- Ra"* ing and widening the Road leading from in

the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Rye Croft Gate, upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester; and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Ajlborne, to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby, and of the several Persons who have lent Money on the said Road leading from Blyth Marsh, to the Road from -borne to Buxton, near Thorp, whole Names are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Creditors of the said lad mentioned Road, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton, in the County of Stafford, to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, at Blakely Lane*Head, and from Bucknal to the Road between Leek and Sandon, at West on and from the said Road between Cheadle and Leek, to the Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road on the East Side Frogall Bridge, to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the said County; and that the Petitioners conceive, that if the said Road from Blyth Marsh, to the Road between Ashborne and Buxton, near Thorp, and the said Roads proposed to be repaired by the said Bill, or some Part thereof, were united, and made One Trust only, and the Tolls to be collected on each of the said Roads consolidated, it would be for the mutual Advantage of both the said Roads, and the Benefit of the Public:

And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Militia. Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Hackney der, a Bill for licensing an additional Number of Coachea. Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising the reby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Hackney der, a Bill for punishing Offences committed by Hack- Coachmen, ney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Didrifts &c-and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Loins <Jer, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1771: Xgij'^uer

And

i r Geo. III. 12° Martii.

H9

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be-read a Second Time.

Rice. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ip a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament) intituled, An Act for extending like liberty* in the Exportation of Rice from and to the

Southward of Cape Finisterre, in , as is granted

by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

London Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver dp make the

Sewers, Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Lunatic’* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House,

Mates, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Lunatics, entitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Coiiimittees, to accept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.Jacffon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report t^e same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clark’s Table.

Ball India < The House being informed, that Mr. Michelle Se-Company’s cretary to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East attended at the Door;

orce* lie was called in; ana, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuapf to their Order,

An'Estimate of" the Expence of railing and maintaining^ Body of Two thousand Men, upon the Plan proposed in the Bill, for the more effectually railing a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Tabk, to be pecufed by the Members of the House.

The said Ultimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sooth Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is

Retton Concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

Indofare. Open. Common Fields, and Corpmonable Grounds, within the Manor and Pari (h of South in the County of Lincoln, which Bill was, upon Friday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed; .

The Lord Strange, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the HoulV, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Privilege*. Complaint being made to the House, of the printed News' Paper, intituled, " The Morning and

" London Advertiser, M, March 4, 1771," printed for William Woodfall; and also, of the printed News Paper, intituled, " The St. James's Chronicle, or British M Evening Post, from March 7, to Saturday,

" March 9, 1771/’ printed by Henry; and also,

of the printed News Paper, intituled, " The London " Packet, or New Evening , from Wednesday, Fe-P . bruary 27, to Friday, March 1, 1771," printed for ‘ ‘ Vol. 33.

T. Evans', and also, of the printed News Paper, inrjtu-led, " The Whitehall Evening Post, from " bruqry 28, to Saturday, March 2, 1771," printed and

sold by T. Wright, and also, of the printed News Pager, intitufed, " The General Evening Post (London) from " Thursday, March 7, to Saturday, 9, 1771," fold

by S. Blpdofl -, and also, of the printed News Paper, jjn-tituled, " The London Evening Post, from Thursday, Marclg " 7, to Saturday, March 9, 1771," printed for J. Miller# as containing the Debates, and misrepresenting the Speeches of several of the Members, of this House*, iq Contempt of the Orders, and in Breach of the Privilege, of this House:

A Motion was made, and th,e Question being pvr$ That the said Paper, intituled, " The, Morning Chronicle,

" and Londofd Advertiser, Monday, Match 4, 17 p," printed for Willavr Woodfal, be delivered in a,t ^hc Table* and read; *

Thy House divided.

Thy Yeas went forth.;

Tellers for the Yeas,}gj*-

TeUen for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Paper was delivered in at tl»e accordingly; and several Paragraphs therein were read.

Ordered, That the said William do attend

this House upon Thursday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Paper, intituled, " The St. James's Chronicle, or British Evening Post, from Thursday, March 7,

" to Saturday, March 9, in if printed by Henry Baldwin, be delivered in at the Table, and read;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. 1

Tellers for the Y-{ *%*-* } -

TeBersfetheNoe,^;^- } ;37.

So jt was resolved in the Affirmative.

Anji the said Paper was delivered in at the Table-accordingly; and several Paragraphs therein were read.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

posed. That Jeremiah Weymouth, Elqyire, the D o of

this Country, is not a Member of this House:

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TfchfcHjgW'jJj } 38.

Tollers forth.Nob, j} no.

So it passed in the Negative.

Tfien Two Members, Mr. Onslow and Colonel Bane, rising to speak, and Mr. Speaker having called upon Mr. Onslow, as being first in his Eye; but it beipg^ in-

filled upon, that Colonel Bar was first up, and therefore had a Right to speak first;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed, That Mr. Onslow not being first up, do now speak,;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said proposed Question, by leaving out the Words ".pot being first up" and inierting the Words " to whom " the Speaker has pointed, and whom the Speakertias " declared to have been the first in his Eye

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 2d Day of May 1604, relabing to Sir Richard Levfon and Sir Francis Heftings, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question bfing put. That the House do now adjourn;

3 S The

450

12° Martii. A. 1771.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

a*., r , i Sir William ,7 ,

Tellers for the Yeas, {Mr . J 56.

Tellers for the Noes, { mT^} ''«

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said proposed Question, together with the said proposed Amendment, was with Leave of the House withdrawn.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Henry do attend this

House upon ThurjdayMorning next:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas IMr* - 7

1 euers for the i eas, { Coionci: J 31 *

Tellers forth. Noes, }'°9-

- So it passed in the Negative. '

Then the main Question being put. That Henry Baldwin do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { } io9-

Tellers for the Noes, j ^mr ]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Paper, intituled, " The London Packet,

" or New Evening Post, from Wednesday, February 27,

" to Friday, March 1, 1771," printed for T. Evans, be delivered in at the Table, and read;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tehers for the Yeas,{^"« } too.

Tellers for the Noes, { J a

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Paper was delivered in at the Table accordingly; and- several Paragraphs therein were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeDcsfor the Y-,{ } *4-

Tellers for the Noes, } 9«.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Thomas Evans do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.j "j;

11 r . l xt t Mr. Charles Fox,

Tellers for the Noes, { Mr F„zfmitk.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be the said proposed Question, by leaving out the Word " next."

'And the Question being put, That the Word " next," stand Part of the said proposed Question;

The House divided.

* The Yea* went forth.

J 22. } «9-made to

Ten- «» I; * '

Tellers forth. Noes, } lS-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Mjff£: }

Te.ierefor theNoes,^onem^, J *4.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then another Amendment being proposed to be made to the said1 proposed Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words " together with all his Compositors,

" Prefsmen, Correctors, Blackers, and Devils:"

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, . That. t.he House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { } '4-

Tellers for the Noes,{ "j; } 79.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words together with all his Compositors, Prefsmen, Correctors,

" Blacker*, and Devils," be added to the said proposed Question.;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} } 7-

TeU.rsfor theNoes f J 74.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the previous Question being proposed, That the said proposed Question be now put:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn j

The House divided.

The-Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Meredith:} '3’

Tellers for the Noes,{ "j; } 73-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the previous Question being put. That the said proposed Question be now put i

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeUers for the Yeas, } 77.

Tellers for the Noes, j: } *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That Thomas Evans to attend this House upon Thursday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} A

Tellers for the Noes, { *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Paper, intituled, " The Whitehall " Evening Post, from Thursday, February 28, to Saturday

ft March 2, 1771," printed and sold by T. Wright, be delivered in at the Table, and read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

- Tho

11 Geo. III.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telle*for, he

Tellers for the Noes, {^;

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the said Paper be delivered in at the Table, and read;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

12° Martit.

'5J-

tl.

68.

72-

ID.

Tellers for the Tees. J.

Tellers for the Noes, j |

66.

io.

Mr.

Mn Whitworth:

So’it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Paper was delivered in at the Table accordingly i and several Paragraphs therein were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Thomas Wright do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tollers for the YeM.

fl.

IO.

Tellersfor theNoes^S

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That,

Wright do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. ’

Tellers for the Yeas.{Lorf t^A

f Lord 7

QMr. Cooper: J

Tellers for the Noes. { }

7°.

io.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,’ That the said Paper, intituled, "The General Evening Post (London) from Thursday March 7, to Saturday " March 9, 1771," sold by S. B/adon, be delivered in at the Table, and read

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. {

Tellers for the Noes. {

10.

} 69.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Paper was delivered in at the Table; and several Paragraphs therein were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Samuel Bladon do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

7 «

10.

Te, for the Yeas,{M;

Tellers for the Noes,{

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Paper intituled, " London Evening , " from Thujday March 7, to March 9, 1771,"

printed for Miller, was delivered in at the Table; and several Paragraphs therein were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That John Miller do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Vol. 3^.' ....

Tellers for the Yeas, { ' }

Tellers for the Noes, f.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Ordered, That Janies War tell do attend this Houfo at the same Time.

Ordered, That Robert Harris do attend this House at . the same Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names ate Aigarkirk thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them.selves and other ?um Trustees in the Execution of an Act of Parliament, passed indofure.

in the 31st Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act ....

for repairing and widening the Roads from Dotting-ton High Bridge, to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth

Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtojt, and to Ferry, in the County of Lincoln-, at a Meeting of the said Trustees for the P;ur.poses of the said Act, holden at: the Cross Chamber, in Bofion, on Thursday, the 7th Day of March 1771, was presented to the House, and read »

Setting forth, That the Trustees, by the said Act, are empowered to take Materials, for impairing the said Roads, from any Part of the Great Common, called Holland Fen, through which not less than Eleven Miles of the said Roads do pass, without paying for the same; and that the Petitioners observe, in the Votes, several Bills for inclosing the Commons allotted to the Parish or Hamlets of Skirbeck Quarter, Aigarkirk'cum

and Boston West, within the said Fens j and, should the same pass into Laws, aBd the said Commons, with others, allotted upion the late Division of the said Fen, become private Property, the Petitioners apprehend the same will be highly injurious to the said Trust, and render im-pafticable the future Repair and Support of the Turnpike Roads through the said Fen, and thereby greatly lessen -the Securities given for the Sum of £. 8,675 borrowed upon Credit of the Tolls under the said Act, unless Provision be made to prevent the same: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen Land, withr in the Parish of Aigarkirk cum Fosdyke, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday the 4th East India Day of this Instant March, for the House to resolve it- Company'* self into % Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually railing a Military Force, for - the Protection of the Settlements and Poflessions of the East India Company, upon Wednesday the 13th Day of this Instant March, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.;

And it being then after Four of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday last, for Supply, the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hdufe, upon this Day, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved,

2C2 12° — 14 A. 1771.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Way* and Ordered That the Order made upon Monday last, for Mean*, the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon this Day, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning ’ next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Comoittec/. -Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Corn Trade. Refobued, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Ssevennight, the nil Day of this Instarit , resolve

itself into a Committee of thfe whole-House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade.!:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 140;

Anno ii° Georgii III'" Regis, 1771.

: Prayers.

CudomHouse r ''HE House being informed that Mr.,

Account: from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended

’^anu* at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- *" fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Wrought Silks exported from England to the West India and America,. from the 5th Day of January 1760, to the 5th Day of January 1771.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and V-elvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Account of the withdrawn r Quantity of Raw Silk, Thrown Silk, and other Silk, un-Silk ruanufaftued, which have been imported into,

Manufacture. ffdm the 5th Day of January 1760, to the 5th Day of January 17.71; distinguishing the several Years, and the Places from whence the said Silk has been imported; which was presented to the House upon last;

Ordered, That the Order made upon Friday last, for referring the said Account to the Committee of the whole House to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account.;

Voice*: Ordaed, That all have Voices who come to the Com-

London ur.dje mittee, to whom the Bill for further continuing the 0 ’’ Tolls upon London B; and for empowering the aftfl Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Lon-

5

don to authorize Persons, possessed for Terms yf Years of certain Houses and Ground, described in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, tp build upon and indofe such Ground, in same the Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance are not to be found, or are qot willing to inclose and build upon the fame, is committed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Doningtoa the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosut-e. and the Common or Heath, called , and.

other Commonable Lands, in the Parrth of in

the County of Salop; was committed; That the Committee Jiad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made levefal Amendments thereunto;'which they had direffed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;-and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with thp Amendments, be ingfolftd.

An ingrafted Bill to indemnify Persons who haye Office* omitted; to qualify themselves for Offices and Einplpy- Tnif,*n--nr ments and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; was read the Third Time.

R.eJolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the'

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Cnrzon do make the Report from Holland the Committee* to whom the Bill for dividing and inclos- Ward, &c. ing a certain Common, called Holland Ward, otherwise Inclosure. HollinWard, in the County of Derby, was committed.

Mr. Cnrzon accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Cortmiittec had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their'Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land, having Right of Common on the said Ward, which are rated to the Land Tax for £.151.

9 s.6 id.who refused to sign the Bill; and also except

the Owners of Lands, having Right of Common, which are rated to the Land Tax for£. 147. 1 s. 4 and who, living at a great Distance, were not applied to; and that the Whole of the Lands, having Right of Common, are rated to the Land Tax for £. 1,920. 19J. and that

no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) amd that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the' Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Wenman reported from the Committee, to Witney, whom the Bill for amending, widening,-turning,'and «1- Metering, the Road from the Bottom of Gaily ,. near

the

Penniflone Bridge, &c* Hoad.

Bedford

Level

Corporation,

11 Ge<3. III.

14

Martii.

255

the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fobnd the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them wds disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Persons shall be liable to pay Tolls but Once a Day.

Aud the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

, That it bean Instruflion to the Gentlemen, Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, puf-

to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road suant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lord of the leading from Pennistone Bridge, in the County of York, Manor, the Impropriator, of Hartford, in the County,

to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; and the of Huntingdon, and of the Vicar of the said Parish of Roads severally leading from Bamjord Wood Gate, over Hartford aforesaid; and also of the several Freeholder’s Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, and Copyholders, or customary Teriants, arid fcroprie-to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Hetherfage Moor, toft of Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common

~ " Fields of Hartford aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto

subscribed; That they do make Provision :in the said Bill, pursuaiit to the Prayer of the Petition now1 presented. 1 '

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, vrith -the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrafted.

A Petition of ’John Hart Cotton, Esquire; oh Behalf Hartford of himself r*id others, was presented to the House; and Inclosure. read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner and fomo other Persons have petitioned for a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon; and that there are, within the said Parish of Hartford, several other Commonablfe Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, which might be greatly improved, if divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the above'mentioned Bill, to include the said last mentioned Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds.

of

and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone thrbugh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

A Message from the LordS; by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning: '

Mr. Speaker, ‘

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act Questioir severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for House. repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate in the

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Township >of Greenfield, to the North 'Limits of the no more than One Half of the Toll shall be taken at'any Township of Mojlyn, and from Moflyn to- and

Gate within a Mile of the South Side of Pennistone. from Llanerchy Mor to Peny Fordd Want, in (he Coun-

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the tiesof and; and for extending the said Act

Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be to several other Roads in the said Counties, and the

made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with ingrafted.

to whom the Bill to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the Principal Banks and Works necessary to the well draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level; and for laying a Tax upon the Lands within the

titions, no Counsel having appeared in Behalf thereof; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties.concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 1,855 Acres, w refused to ligo the Bill; and except the Proprietors of 2,000 Acres, who could not be found, or, on Account of the great Floods, could not be applied to; and that the whole Number of Acres to be taxed, within the said North Level,

Greenfield, St c. Roads.

County of; and for taking several Roads

the Amendments, be within the said Counties, out of the Power of the Truf-

tees appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty; Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, and for putting the said Roads under the Di rest ion of

the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue* and render more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roadsih

the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing several other

Reading and Puncfield Road.

laid North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining the re- Roads in this Act mentioned; without any Amendment: to, in the Manor of Crowland, was committed; and to And also,

whom the Petition of Charles Or by Hunter, Esquire; and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act also, the Petition of Edward Wills, Esquire, were re- for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, ferred: That the Committee had considered the said Pc- through Wetherby, to the City of York; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Afion Subedge, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act of the Sixth *Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Town and

Collinghaa to York Road.

Afion

Subedge

Inclosure.

Southwark

faring.

amounts to 39,622; and that no Person appeared before Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as re-the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Com- lates to the Commissioners of Sewers; and for regulating mitte^ had gone through the Bill, and made several the Manner of taxing Gkurches and other public Build-Vol. 33. 3 T ings.

254 14* Martii. A. 1771.

ings, within the Limits of the said Act -; without any Amendment: And also,

Coante<s of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for tendering valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 21st Day of 1770, made between Frances Countess Dowager of Philip Earl Stanhope, and others; and for vesting several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Wilts, in Trustees, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. §

South Rerton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain JncJofure. Open Common Fields, and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South Rest on, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South in the County of

Lincoln.

Ordered That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Boston West A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inclosure. thereunto subscribed, being interested in the several Di-visions of a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act of the Thirty-first of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of coln, Power is given to collect Materials for repairing the said Roads, from any Part of the said , over Part of which the said Roads pals; and that, by another. Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for dividing the said Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, Power is given, within the Time therein mentioned, to set out any Parcel or Parcels of Land, within a Place called Amber Hill, in the said Fen, not exceeding 30 Acres, for the Purpose of getting Materials for the Benefit of the said Roads; and that a Doubt having arisen, whether the said Trustees have a Right to let or lease out the Herbage of the said 30 Acres of Land, as was intended by the said Act, t^e Trustees have not hitherto made any Use of the said Right: And therefore praying. That Pfovision may be made, in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common pen belonging to Boston West, in the County of Lincoln, for vesting in the said Trustees, for the Purposes of amending and repairing the said Turnpike Roads, the Power of letting and leafing lo much of the said 30 Acres of Land as the Persons having Right of Common, on the said Common Fen belonging to Boston West aforesaid, and the said Parish of Boston, may or can claim, or be entitled to; reservingto the Surveyors of the Highways of Boston West aforesaid, the Right of getting Gravel, and other Materials, for the Purposes of repairing the Roads within the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, skirbeck Another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names InclosWe. are thereunto subscribed, being interested in the several . Divisions of a certain Fen, called the Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was also presented to the: . 6

House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the Iaft preceding Petition: And praying. That Provision may be made, in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of Skirbeck, and County of Lincoln, for vesting in the said Trustees, for the Purposes of amending and repairing the said Turnpike Roads, the Power of letting and leafing so much of the said 30 Acres of Land, as the Persons having Right of Common on the said Common Fen, belonging to Skirbeck Quarter aforesaid, and the said Parish of Skirbeck, may or can claim, or be entitled to; reserving to the Surveyors of the Highways of Skirbeck Quarter aforesaid, the Right of getting Gravel and other Materials for the Purposes of repairing the Roads within the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names 'Algarkirke are thereunto subscribed, being interested in the several cum Divisions of a certain Fen, called the Huntre, ncoUM-

‘Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Com- *

monable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petitions: And praying. That Provision may be made, in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen Land, within the Parish of Algarkirke cum Fosdyke, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, for vesting in the said Trustees, for the Purposes of amending and repairing the said Turnpike Roads, the Power of letting and leafing so much of the said 30 Acres of Land, as the Persons having Right of Common on the said Common Fen, belonging to -kirke cum Fosdyke aforesaid, and the said Parish of garkirke cum Fosdyke, may or can claim, or be entitled to; reserving to the Surveyors of the Highways of Algarkirke cum Fosdyke aforesaid, the Right -of getting Gravel and other Materials for the Purposes of repairing the Roads within the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, accord- Lontto-i ing to Order, a Bill for consolidating, extending, and Sewers, &c. rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares,

Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same: And the same was received; and read the FirllTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Molesworth reported from the Committee, to Waverton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Waverton, otherwise Wareton, in the Parish of Polefivortk, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Prior, who is

Tenant for Life only in One undivided Moiety of Two Yard Lands, who said lhe was too old and infirm to give herself any Trouble about it; and1 also, except Joseph

Fillers,

11 Geo. III. i4° Martii, 255

Fillers, who is seised of One undivided Moiety of One Half Yard Land, and who ligned the Petition for the Bill; and also, except John Hull, who is seised of One Quarter of a Yard Land, who also ligned the Petition; and also, except Thomas Poultney, who is seised of One undivided Moiety of Half a Yard Land and Half a Quarter of a Yard Land, and who also ligned the Petition: and also, except John Cox, of who is

seised of Half a Yard Land, and who also signed the Petition, but refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of about 24 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fnmwciigafe Notice being taken. That Lord Frederick Campbell, ^hidrfare!)^ uP°n Tuesdaylaft, presented to the House a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The -tack, or Cow Vaflure, and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint O/wald, and Manor of in the County Pa-

latine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there, was not included in the Order of Leave for preparing, and bringing in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order made for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill, and to present another Bill inllead thereof.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell be added to the Gentlemen, who were appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

S tret too, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several

*c. Open Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Jncosure. Commons, and Waste Lands, in the several Hamlets of Stretton, Horninglow, Bond End, and within the

Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the several Hamlets of Stretton, Horninglow, Bond End, and Branston, within the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir William Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stapenhiil, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several lociofure. Open Fields, Common, or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Hamlets of Stapenhiil and Winfhill, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common, or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Hamlets of Stapenhiil and Winfhill, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Sir William Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Horninglow An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-(Barton) mon and Waste Ground, within the Townshipor Ham-inclosore. jct Gf Horninglow, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

01. 33.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that ti e Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common and Waste Ground, called the Outwoods, within the Townshipor Hamlet of Horninglow, in the Parish of Burton, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir William Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Mann- Chester fadturers of Earthen Ware, in the Town and Neigh- CaoaJ. bourhood of Burslem, and of the Town of Newcastle-mder-Line, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill, for making a Navigable Canal from the City of Chester to Middlewich, and there to join the Canal now carrying on from the Trent to the Mersey; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, jt will be productive of many considerable Advantages to the Trade and Manufactures of those Parts, and be of public Utility':

And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Forms and restrictions as to thd House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Hetton.&c. Pastures and Open Fields, within the Township of Het- Inclosure. ton, in the Parish of Burnfal, and West Riding of the.

County of York, was read the Third Time.

Refthed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Pastures, within the Township of Hetton, in the Parish of Burnfal, and West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. La/iellts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Bootbby and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Graffoe Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boothby Graffoe, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time. , .

Resolved,' That the Bill do pass.; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boothby Graffoe, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom Ths®*^ the Petition of several Commissioners appointed to put in Navigation. Execution an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, Weltward, to the Town of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, mas referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is at followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And, Mr. Thomas Walker, being examined, said, That in order effectually to carry into Execution the proposed Plan for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, it is necessary Provision should be made to regulate the Navigation of the River Kennel, between the common Landing Place at Reading, and the Mouth of the said River, which would be great Use.

And the Witness said. That the Fry of Fish is fre- t questly destroyed in the said Rivers, by Persons fishing at unseasonable Times, and with unlawful Nets;

which.

256 140 MA. >1771'.

which, if prevented, would tend to the Preservation of the Fry of Fish within the said Rivers.

Ordered, That it be an lnllruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from die City of London, to the Town of in the Coun-

ty of Wilts, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for extending the Power of the Commissioners to the River between the common Landing Place at , and the

Mouth of the said River; and also for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish within such Parts of the said Rivers as are not within the Jurisdiction of the City of London.

Sutlers An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Marston and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Com-Indofure. monab]c Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Butlers Marston, in the County of , was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Butlers in

the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That the Earl of Cat her lough do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Couotefs of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Londonderry's Act for rendering valid and effectual certain Articles of E*ale'’ Agreement, bearing Date the 21st Day of July 1770, made between Frances Countess Dowager of Londonderry, Philip Earl.Stanhope, and others; and for veiling several.. Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Wilts, in Trullees, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; was read the First Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

More’* Will. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of Charles Macarthy More, deceased, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain, was read a Second Time. Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Whitworth,. &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

y

‘ V.

Carters, A Bill , for the better Regulation of Carters, Carts, Carts, i-c. Carriages, Loaded Horses, Hawkers, Pedlars, Huckfters, (Scotland.) Tinkers, and Petty Chapmen; and for filling up of , Ceal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nuisances, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Refobwd, That tilt Bill be committed to Sir Alexander Gilmour, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Livingstone A Bill to enlarge- the Term and Powers of an Act, to made in the Twenty.-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, /for repairing the Roads from oa *' vingtlone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow,

and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of ven; and for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or1 near Loch-gate, to the Town of Strathaven, in the County of La-nerji; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Alexander Gilmour, Lord Archibald Hamilton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wakefield, . A Petition of tire Trustees for the Undertakers for ^^ing navigable tire Rivers Ait and in the County of York, and of the said Undertakers, a’nd their*

Lessee, and also of divers Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Mills, and other Hereditaments, within the Town (hi]) of Wakefield, in the said County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending, for paving, repairing, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within the said Town of Wakefield; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances thereii; and for widening, turning, and altering, several Streets within the said Town; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it is now drawn, it will be subversive of the Law of the Land, and highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect their Property, and have such Relief as may appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the East End of Westgate Bridge, the South Side of Bar, the

North End of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from towards

Eafi Moor; for preventing Nuisances and Annoy-

ances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, > in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second New Reading of the Bill to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Francis Hajelgrove, Thomas Hafelgrove, John ">l1* Pedman Junior, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington,

John Robinson, William Cheesman, Richard Blair, George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean,

William Dean, Harry Sawyers, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowier, John Bicknell, Mathias Trufier, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean,

James Robinson, John Whiting, Stevens,

Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsfie/h, John Pur ft,

John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Jnntor, Richard Tilfiune, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathanael , Thomas

Roberts, John Aflman, William Cooler, Thomas

Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Dire rant, Emery Churcher, John Wort on, Walter Broad, Thomas Ho!ling-ham, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Samuel Clement Freeman, William LaJJ'eter, William Jtipp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James otherwise Miller, William Newnbam, Jeffery Car-vet, Tho-

mas Robinson, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry,

and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New,

in the County of Sujj'ex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas

m;Geo.:III. 14® M. 257

mas Hafelgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Thomas

Hanninglon, John HanningtonJohn John Par-

fons, Frederick Doan, William Samuel Tupfien, John

Sawyer, Thomas Poekney, Joseph Dedman, John William Stevens, John Robert Parker,'John Hogsjtefh, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, Rickard Ttlfione, William Turner, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmond, John Wood-, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathanael Hillman, John Ashman, William Cooler, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Walter Broad, Richard St one ham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, John Curl, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Miller, William Randall

Button, Janies Carver;' John Martin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, Thomas Gear, William,

Henry Robinson, Thomas Roberts, Emery Churcher, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Cro George Browne, William Cheesman, John Purse, John Snook Junior, Walter Sawyer, Jeffery Carver, William Hards, and Henry was pfelented tb the House and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been served with Copies of the said Bill; and therefore hope the House will give give them an Opportunity of hearing, confronting, and answering,1 any Evidence, that tends to charge the Petitioners, or any of them, with any Act of criminal Conduct, and offering such - Reasons, and producing such Evidence, as may prevent the said: Bill from passing into a Law: And therefore praying the House, that they may be heard, by themselves or their Coun-fel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That' the said Petition do lie upon the Table* until the said Bill be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

OrderidiThat the ‘(hid Bill be read'a Second Time upon-To-morrow Sevennight,' the 226 Day-of this-In* stant March.

Ordered, Thai the- several -PCrfbhs* who were* ordered to attend the House this Day, at she Secbnd Read-iftgbf the tfsfct Bill, do attend this Hdufe upon Tomorrow Sevennight, <the 2idv :Day of this Inftuint March.

Recruiting Tlae Lord HincJiingbrook reported to the House, That Service, their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account* therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty* and that His Majesty had commanded' hirri to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly. 1

W#don, Sir Roger Ntwdigate presented to the House, accord-&c> ing to Order, a Billfor dividing and inclosing the Open Iodofure. ancj common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wedtfn and Weston, otherwise Wedon Pinkney, otherwise Loys , irt the County of Northampton: And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia. A Bill for defraying this Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia* in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, was read a SecoricTTime.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. ' 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mbrn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. - r ’ <

The House was'moved, That the Report, which, upon -Monday the x ith Day of Dbriuiry last,. was made from the Committee, to whprn the Petition of the Per-., -VOL. 33.

Ions whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Landholders of the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Landholders of the same Island, was referred, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the Relief of the Petitioners.

A Petition of the Trustees acting under an Act, made St. Luke in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late ^streecs*^? Majesty' King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ree 5‘ repairing and widening the Road from the Stones End, Shoreditch near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Bridge in Trust; Old Street Road, and through Old Street, in the Parish Of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell Street; and of several of the Creditors who have lent Money on the Security of the Tolls granted in and by the said Act:

And also,

A Petition of the Trustees acting under an Act, made Goswell-in the First Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in- 'Tru'ft. tituled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing, a Road from the North East Side of the Goswell Street Road, next Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Dog-house Barr, and at and from the Dog house Barr, to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground; and of several of the Creditors who have lent Money on the Security of the Tolls granted in and by the said Act;

Were federally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, and keeping in Repair, the several Streets, Lartes, and Passages, in the Parish of Luke, in the

- ' County of Middlesex-, for widening the Passages

at the West End of Chiswell Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane-, and to make a Street or Way from the North End of Norman Street, through certain Garden Grounds and Fiolds, to The City Road-, for removing Obstructions and Annoyances from the said Streets, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that, os the Bill now stands, the Tolls collected on the said Roads may be considerably diminished, and cnnfequently the Creditors, who have advanced Money on the fame, injured in their Security:

And therefore praying the House, That some Provision may be made in the said Bill, for preventing the Diminution of the Tolls collected on the said Road (which is apprehended by the Petitioners) and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committed, That they do admit Counsel to b* heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That' there be laid before this House, an Disposition Accbunt, shewing how the Monies given for the Ser- of vice of the Year 1770 have been disposed of* distin- Gr*nU' guished under (heir several Heads.

; ‘ ' 3 U v Ordered,

258

140 Mar

A. 1771

244

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the Thirty-first Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, be laid before this House.

Orders Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now of the Day. rea(j#

Privileges. And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the Attendance of William

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Order be postponed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

r Mr. Alderman -

Tellers for the Yeas, j jend,

t Sir Robert Clayton:

«t> 11 ctt. vr (Sir Alexander , 1

Tellers for the Noes, J " 7-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the House being informed, that the said William Woodfall did not attend; the Messenger, to whom the Order of Tuesday last was delivered, being called upon, to give an Account of the Service thereof, acquainted the House, that he went to the House of the said William Woodfall; and being informed, that the said William Woodfall was then in Custody of the Black. Rod attend* ing the House of Peers, he left a Copy of the Order with the Wife of the said William Woodfall-y and that he (the Messenger) has since heard, that the said William Woodfall is now in Custody at the House of Lords.

Then the Order of the Day for the Attendance of Henry Baldwin being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Henry be now called in to

the Bar:

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided. /

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ }"3

Tellers for the Noes. Burke: } *8-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

The said Henry Baldwin was called in; and the Complaint, which, upon Tuesday last, was made to the House, of the printed News Paper, intituled, " The " St. James's Chronicle, or Evening' Post, from

" Thursday, March 7, to March 9, 1771,"

printed by Henry Baldwin, as containing the Debates, and misrepresenting the Speeches of several of the Members, of this House, was read to him.

And he having said, that he was not guilty of the said Charge;

Several Witnesses were examined, in Support of the said Charge. ‘

And the said Henry Baldwin was heard in his Defence.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Henry Baldwin, in having, printed, in a News Paper, the Debates, and misrepresented the Speeches of several of the Members, of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. -

Teller, for, be

Tellers for the Noes, { J*;

’ So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Henry Baldzvih was again called in and . Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the said Resolution.

And he confessed, he was sorry for the Troublp he had given the House; and that, if it was the Opinion of

} 92

20,

the House, ihat he Ihctuld discontinue printing the Debates of the House, he would certainly obey their Directions, though it would be attended with the Ruin of his Paper.

And then he was again directed to withdraw;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Henry Baldwin be now brought to the Bar of this House; and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, for his said Offence;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " upon his Knees, reprimanded " by Mr. Speaker; for his said Offence," and to insert, " be discharged," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth;

Teller, for,} '

rMr. Alderman Saw-Tellers for the Noes, <bridge, i 16.

L Colonel Jennings . J So it was resolved in the Affirmative. ...>

That the main Question being put, That the said Henry Baldivin be now brought to the Bar of this House; and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr; Speaker, for his said Offence;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Harley: } 86'

Tellers for the Noes, j } I2-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And he was brought in/, accordingly; and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker; ajpd was ordered to be discharged, paying his Fees. . _ .:

Then the Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of ’Thomas Evans;': v /

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now, adjourn;

The House divided. , ..

The Noes went forth.

Telle.for.b.Ye^J^AtaCV;, J ,q

T.IUrsfor theNoes.j } 79.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the House being informed, that the said Thomas Evans did not now attend;

The Messenger, to whom the Order of Tuesday last was delivered, being callfd upon, to give an Account of the Service thereof, acquainted the House, that he served the said Order on the said Thomas Evans, personally, Yesterday at Six of the Clock in the Evening; and that the said Thomas Evans had attended this Day accordingly. ..

And the House being informed,’ that some particular Circumstances had obliged him to withdraw himself from his Attendance on this House ;.

A Member, in his Place, acquainted the House, that he had heard in the Lobby, that the Wife of the said Thomas Evans Jr&d broke her Leg.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Evans do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Then the Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Thomas Wright -,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.,

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $ ^*r Wray,) />

Iciiers for the leas, £ Mr> ^. J »

.Teller, for the Noe,; j "piSf Jmkm/in: } 75-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Mo-

11 Geo. lit. 140 Marti!

*59

A Motion was mad*, -£nd the Question being put> That the said Thomas Wright be discharged;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Thomas Wright was called in; and the Complaint, which, upon last, was made to

the House, of the printed News Paper, intituled, " The " Whitehall Evening Post, from February 28,

" to Saturday, March 2, 1771, printed and sold by T.

" Wright," as containing the Debates, and misrepresent-

ing the Speeches of several of the Members, of this House, being read to him; he confessed, that he i« the Printer of the said Paper; that he was lorry he had incurred the Displeasure of the House; that he printed the Debates therein at the Instance of several Applications from his Customers in the Country} and that he was under Apprehensions, that} if he had not printed the said Debates, his Paper would have been ruined} but that he submitted himself to the House.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the said Thomas , in having

printed the Debates, and misrepresented the Speeches of several of the Members, of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Thomas Wright, be now brought to the Bar; and, upon his Knees* reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, for his said Offence j

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth;

Telkn for the Yeas,| } 7J.

TcilersfetheNo*. } S.

So it was nefolved in the Affirmative.

And he was brought in accordingly; and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged, paying his Fees.

Then the Order of the Day, for the Attendance of Samuel Bladon, being read; he was called in.

And the Complaint, which, upon Tuesday last, was made to the House, of the printed News Paper, intituled, " The General Evening (London) from

" Thursday, March 7, to Saturda, March 9, 1771," fold

by 5. Bladon, being read to him; he confessed, that he fold the said Paper; and that his Reason for printing the Speeches therein complained of, was, that he should have loft the Sale thereof; and that the Paper would have been ruined; that Care had always been taken that this Paper should give no Offence to this House; and that he now came to the Bar with a fixed Resolution of acknowledging his Offence.

And then he'was directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Samuel Bladen be discharged from any further Attendance on this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after " Samuel the Words " hav-

" ing declared to the House, that he came here with " a fixed Resolution to confess, and having confessed."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f ^r* 1 o

Iellers for the leas, J Mr. W i

Tellers for «1.= Noes.{ ^^5 7°-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn }

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Yol. 33.

!Mr. Alderman Town-

fend,

Mr. Turner:

rr„ c xt f Sir Edward,

Tellers for tht Noes,

} 70-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put, That the said Samuel Bladon, be discharged from ahy further Attendance on this House}

And the Paid Samuel Bladon having made such a frank and open Declaration of his Sente of his Offence;

Ordered, Nemine contradicenteThat the said Samuel

Bladon be discharged from any further Attendance on this House.

Then the Order of the Day; for the Attendance Of John Millery, being read;

And the said John Miller not attending; the Messenger, to whom the Order of Tuesday last was delivered, being called upon, to give an Account of the Service thereof, acquainted the House, that ,he went to the House of the said John Miller, Yesterday Evening; that he was told, he was gone into the Country; that he (the Messenger) left a Copy of the said Order at his House; and that, on calling again this Morning, he. saw the said John Miller, who told him, that he had received the said Order.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said John Miller be, for his Contempt, in not obeying the Order of the House, for. his Attendance on this House this Day, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, attending this House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn; _ , (

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Npe, {:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Question, by adding; at the End thereof, the Words " it being Half an HoUr after Three of " the Clock on Friday Morning."; .

And the Question being put. That those ^Vbrdf be there added; ' ’ ’ , J, i

It passed in the Negative. .....-

Then the main Question being put. That the 'said John Miller be, for his Contempt, in not obeying the Order of the House. for his Attendance on this House this Day, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant' 'at Arms, or his Depury, attending this House;

The House divided. ! '

The Yeas went forth.

} *-

} .0>:

Teller, for

’’: f Mr.

Tellers for the Noes,4 Mr; Alderman

So it;was resolved in the Affirmative.'

3:

Resolved, That thirHouse will, upon Monday Mom- Liming ing next, resolve itfdf Info a-Committee of the whole Fishery. House, to eohlklcr further the? several Laws nbw in being, for the Encouragement of’ Xhi British White Herring Fishery. J

Resolved, That this House will,-upon TJntrfdayMorn- East Ixdia

ing next, reloh-e itfdf into a' Certliilittee of the whole *

House, upon the Bill for the mote' fcficftually railing i Force. Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Poirelfions of the Ecjl India Gbmpahy.

Ordered, That the several Peffotis, who’ Were or* dered to attend the said Committee this Day, do'attend

vSa 140 — 18°

tend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning ne*t.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order made upon last,

for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Frito confided further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order lie discharged.

> Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mor n-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, Means, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Frid, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunes, 18 die Martii;

Anno ii* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Liverpool ^T'HE House being informed, That the Petition of so Prelion I the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Ioha-Road.* bitahtj of the several Towns of,

Preston, and of the Country lying between or adjacent thereto, in che County Palatine of was

presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January last, and referred to the Consideration of a Committee, was milling:

The House was pnoved, That the said Petition, as printed in the Votes, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j.

Ordered, That it-be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, That they have Power to proceed upon the Petition, as, printed in the Votes.

Wemyfs’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, to enable Francis Charteris Esquire, heretofore called Francis Wemyfs, and the Heirs of his Body, and several other Persons therein namedj aijd the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to retain, assume, and sign, the Name of Charter is, and to bear the Arms of Charteris, and to hold and enjoy the Estate therein mentioned, notwithstanding the Descent to him or them respeditely of the Honour and Title of IVemyfs, or any other Honour or Title what foe ver, was read a Second Time. v'. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. For-

rester, Mr. Kymston, Sic.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Qqck, in the Speaker’s Chamber. - 1 , ’

tfellaod; . t; Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is con-W*r4) cerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain laclofin*. Common, 1 called Holland Ward, otjherwife Hollin

in the County of Deify, which BilJ was, upon Thursday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the farpe had been committed;,

.. The Cord Springe, His Majesty’s Command, aC-

L.-:; *

Martii. A. 1771.

quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the-(aid Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest Is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Petition of Richard Michel/, of Culham Court, in Thames the Parish of tVargrave, in the County of Berks, Esquire, & Ifi* was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Navlfca,*°B-of the Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and J from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and that Power is thereby intended to be given, to make Towing Paths, Roads, Bridges, and Ways, for Towing of Boats, Bargesj and other Vessels; and that the Petitioner apprehends;he may be greatly affected and injured in his Property by tuch Bill, in case the same shall pals into a Law as it now Hands: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same of the Petitioner into Consideration; and that he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against: such Parts of the said Bill as may affebt him, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before The said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com*, mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the penniftone Road leading from Penniflone Bridge, in the County of Bridge. &c. York, to Grind/eford Bridge, in the County of Derby; and the Roads severally leading from Bamford Wood Gate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on *

hill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on *

Jiage Maori and to: the Village of in the said

County of Derby;was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead* ing from PenHifione Bridge, in the County of York, to

Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading from Bamford Wood , over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Hetherfage Moor, and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Rill to enable the Corporation of the Bedford Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company Level of Coolervators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Corporation. Bedford Level, to coriiplete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well draining, and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level } and for laying a Tax upon the Lands within the said North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill} viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 32. To leave out " Eighty," and insert " Ninety" instead thereof.

Prv22. 1. 40. Toleave out "Tax," and insert "Taxes" instead thereof.

Pr.26. 1. 5. Toleaveout"Tax,"andinfert*‘Taxes" instead thereof.

Pr. 28. 1. 28. After " said" to insert " Governor."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title

be.

11 Geo. III. i 8° M. a6 i

be, An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Con-fervators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well draining and preserving - the North Level, Part of the said Great Level; and for laying Taxes upon the Lands within the said Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland.

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Witney, An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, ttirning, &c* and altering, the Road from the Bottom of Galley oa ’ near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxjord, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Bottom of Gaily Hill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxjord.

Ordered, That the Lord Wenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

®on^8ton An tngrofied Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-Inclosure. mon Fields, and the Common or Heath, called Kilfall Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Donington, in the County of Salop, was read the Third

Time.

Rtfuived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and the Common or Heath, called Kilfall Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pari fit of Donington, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sewer*, A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the

Limits of Holborn and Finsbury Divisions, in the County

(St. Lolce’* of

was presented to the House and read;

*' Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, and keeping in Repair, the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for widening the Passages at the West End of Chiswell Street, and at the South End of Brick; and to make a Street or Way from the North End of Norman Street, through certain Garden Grounds, and Fields, to the City Road; for removing Obstructions and Annoy -

ances from the said Streets; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned; and letting forth. That in the said Bill there are Clauses, which, the Petitioners conceive, are very improper, and will be very burthensome to the Inhabitants living within the Limits of Long Alley Sewer, wherein the Streets mentioned in the said Bill are situate, and that, by the Law of Sewers, and the . constant Usage of the Petitioners, no Drain or Sewer ought to be cleansed or amended, but on the Preferment of a Jury, who constantly make their Preferments on Oath; but, by one of the aforesaid Clauses, the Commissioners in such Bill are empowered to make Sewers, and cleanse Drains, at their own Will and Pleasure, which the Petitioners conceive to be very arbitrary, and contrary to the Laws of Sewers: And therefore praying, That the said Clauses in the said Bill may be struck out; and in regard as the Petitioners have no Fund whereby to defray any Expences, that the House will take the Matter into their Consideration; without the Petitioners employing any Counsel to attend on their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Exeter A Petition of Samuel Kingdon, of the City of Exeter, Markets. Ironmonger, and William Bate, of the City aforesaid, Vol. 33.

Haberdasher of small Warts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having been informed, that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the said City, intended to petition the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for removing the Markets of the said City to some more convenient Place; and that the Ground on which the Houses of the Petitioners, and others, and all the Houses West-ward, to the Entrance from the Fore Street into North-gate Street, had been fixed on for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners are now informed, that a Bill hath been since brought in for the above Purposes, wherein some of the Houses are omitted, and the Houses of the Petitioners are not only included, but represented to be old, ruinous, and in Decay: but, in fast, are in good Condition; and that the Petitioners are informed, that,

should the Petitioners Houses be pulled down, the Mayor and Chamber intend building other Houses in the Room thereof, for the Purpose of setting out the same to a greater Advantage; and that the Petitioners arc persuaded, that the said Market-place may be made very convenient and commodious, without pulling down the Petitioners said Houses, though they have no Objection to the Back Part of their Houses being taken down, if thought necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, so that their respective Shops, Kitchens behind the fame, and Chambers or Rooms over the said Shops and Kitchens, are suffered to remain: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners l'uch Relief therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate and remove certain Public Markets in the City of Exeter, and for thet Purpose to purchase a Plot of Ground; and to prevent the Holding of the Markets in the High Street of the said City, and tlfo to remove and prevent Annoyances in the said City, and its Suburbs, is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen; Merchants, Traders, chester See. and others, residing in the Towns and Neighbourhood Canal, of Middlewich, Nantwich, Wins/ord, and / other

Parts, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners ' observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill, to make a Navigable Canal from the City of Chester to Middlewich, and there to communicate with the Canal now making from the Trent to the;

and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it will be productive of many considerable Advantages to the Trade and Manufactures of the City of Chester, and the Countries with which the said Canals will communicate, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a. Law; in such Form, and under such Rcstrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey, be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Earl- Barton mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, lodofure. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Captain Phipps,. lee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

3 X A Pe-

1262 18° Martii. 1771.

Wem, fcc. A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Roads, others, residing in or near in the County of

Salop, whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from IVcm, in the County of Salop, to or near Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, from to

and Llany mynoch, and also the Road from the End ot

Cotton Woo'd to Whitchurch, in the County of Salop-, and representing to the House, that there is a Lane, called Llzvyn Lane, near the Town of afore-

laid; another Road or Way opposite leading

to Hindford-, another Road or Way near lead-

ing to Berghill; another Road or Way near Cae leading to Lower Franklon; another Lane or Way leading from HaenhafodHouse to; another Line

leading from the Rhydychen Ford of the River Ceiring to Bryngwila-,another Lane called the le another Lane lying between the and the Road from Bryngwila to Prjs; another Lane leading from or near Prys Gwen aforesaid to and also

a Lane leading from Jonas's House to the Rhyn; which laid several Roads or Ways are of little or no UleJo Travellers, and may be llo; )ped up without Prejudice to them: And therefore praying. That a Clause or Clauses for Hopping up the said Roads or Ways may be inserted in the said Bill, reserving to the Occupiers of Lands, contiguous to the fame, free Passage to and from their laid Lands; and likewise making Bridle and High Roads where necessary, instead and in lieu of such Roads as (liali be Hopped up and discontinued as aforesaid; or that they may have such other Relief as the House- shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Pattishall, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, oc 0 ure. ancj otjier Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of with the Hamlets of

Eastcote, AJlcote, and in the County of

Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. //a»-tner. Sir John Wrotte/Uy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Liverpool An ingossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers to of Three Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George Prescott the First, and the 19th and 26th Years of his late Roads. Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in fotne of the said Acts mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for reducing the same into One Act; for amending the Road from the Causeway at Blacklow Brow, through Huy ton, to the Turnpike Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also Lime K Lane, from the said Causeway, to RanelaghHouse in Liverpool; and to prevent Frauds and Abul'cs being committed by Persons employed in conveying Coals along the said Roads; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 19th and 26th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in some of the said Acts mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, ^nd for reducing the same into One Act; for amending the Road from the Cause-

way at Blacklow Broiv, through liny!oto the Turnpike

Causeway leading from Prefdt to and also

Lime Kiln Lane, from the said Causeway, to Randag h

House in Liverpool-, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses

being committed by Persons employed in conveying

Coals along the said Roads.

O, "dered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a cer- Holland tain Common, called Holland Ward, orherwiie Hoi-lin Ward, in the County of Derby, was read the Third "coure* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Holland Ward, otherwise in

the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Tardebigg, Commons, Commonable Grounds, and Wal'res, called *5* Redditch Common and Webb Heath, situate in that Part of nc onre*

the Manor of Tardebigg which lies in the County of Worcester; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons,

Commonable Grounds, and Wastes, called Common and Webb Heath, situate in that Part of the Manor of Tardebigg which lies in the County of and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Stapelford Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures,' within the Liberties of Stapleford and Bramcote, in the i„c]0futc. County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures, within the Liberties of Stapleford and Bramcote, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Cramond so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year Bridge of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to 0 to,

the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to the ^Road. Town of Queenferry, in the County of Linlithgow, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of

Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

Ordered, That Mr. James Dun das do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of WciiLawngton an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of King *° . George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Tb^0^,ze* West Lavingtonto The Devizes, and from The Devizes

to Seend, in the County of Wilts, was read the Thi d Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. I. 19. To leave out " said."

1. 20. To leave out " One," and insert "Three" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questiof

severally

i r Geo. III.

i8° Martii.

261,

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of King the

Second, for repairing the Road leading from West La~ vington, to The Devizes, and from The Devizes to in the County of IVUts.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Elvet, Ordered, That Lord be added to

Sec. the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Inclosure. jn, a Rjffi pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the honourable Spencer Confer, Doctor of Divinity, Dean, and the Chapter of Durham, of the Cathedral Church of Christ and B/elsed Mary the Lords of the Ma

por. Barony, and Borough of Elvet, in the Parish of Saint Ofwa/d, in the County Palatine of Durham, whole Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and also of the several Freeholders and others, Owners of ancient Dwelling Houses, situate and being within the said Manor, Barony, and Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on the Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of ancient Dwelling Houses, having Right of Common in and upon a certain Moor or Common, and certain Intercommon Lands and Grounds, therein after mentioned.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

„ , The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Hoads. Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid, to the Town of field, and from the Turnpike Road, between Cuckfield and Crawley, to the Town of Horfiiam; and also the Road from Swingate, in the Parish of to Shover

Green, in the Parish of Ticehurfi, all in the County of SuJJ'ex; without any Amendment: And also,

Myton Carr The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Pasture, called Myton Carr, in the Lordship of Myton, in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the Town and County of the Town of Kihgfionupon Hull-, without any Amendment: And also,

East The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gerfion for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Downs, Inclosure. anc| aq other the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Eafi in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

Appleby The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Melton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Melton, in the Parish of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York; with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

Adultery. The Lords have pafl'ed a Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent any Bill from being brought into Parliament, for the Dissolution of any Marriage, for the Cause of Adulter\r, unless a Clause or particular Words be inserted, to prevent the Person, against whom the Adultery has been proved, from marrying or contrafting Marti-mony with the Person with whom he or she shall be proved to have carried on such criminal Intercourse; and to declare the Hue of such Marriage incapable of inherit-Vol. 33.

ing; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers-withdrew.

A Petition of John Irish, James and George St. Luke’s

Wedlis, Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving and keeping in- Repair the several Streets, Lanes, and Passage?, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for widening the Passages at the West End of Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane-, and to make a Street or Way from the North End of Norman Street, through certain Garden Grounds and Fields, to the City Road; for removing Obstructions and Annoyances from the said Streets, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth, That, by the said Bill, a Power is given to open and make an Highway, or Street, from the North End of Ncrman Street, in a strait Line to the City Road; and that, if the said new Street should be opened in the Course directed by the Bill, it would pals over and through a Piece of Ground and Buildings belonging to the Petitioners, and in which they carry-on a very extensive and valuable Manufactory of Sail Cloth; and that the Petitioners will receive very confidejable Detriment, if the said Bill pafles into a Law as it now stands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Count'd, against such Parts of the Billasaffeft the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they shall think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Privilege. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Chambers, the Court of llequerfs, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he having, in pursuance of the Order of the House of ft,

issued his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms,- or his Deputy, attending this House, to take into Custody J.

Miller-, the Messenger, to whom the said Warrant was delivered, had, by virtue thereof, arrested the said J.

Miller on Friday last; and that thereupon the said Meflen-gcr having been charged in Custody of a Constable by the said J. Miller, as having committed ah Assault on the Person of the said J. Miller, the said Messenger was carried before the Lord Mayor of the City of London, by the said Constable, when she Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House acquainted the said Lord' Mayor, that the said Arrest of the said J. Miller was made by the said Messenger, under a Warrant signed by the Speaker of the House of Commons, which Warrant was then pro- -duced and fticwn to the said Lord Mayor, and demanded of the said Lord Mayor that the said Messenger should be discharged, and the said J. Miller delivered up, to the Custody of the said Messenger; and that the said Lord Mayor, after such Information and Demand as aforesaid, having heard the several Parties lo brought before him, and seen the Warrant signed by the Speaker, for the Apprehension of the said- J.Metier, declared it to be his Opinion, that the said Warrant was illegal, and that the said j. Miller ought to be discharged, and ordered him to be discharged accordingly; and that a Warrant of Commitment was also signed by the said Lord Mayor, and Two Aldermen of the City of London, tq commit the said Messenger for the Assault pretended to be made on

the

Militii.

Herring

Fishery.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Wakefield

Faving.

264

the said Miller; and that the said Mdfenger had given Security for his Appearance to answer the said Charge at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the City of London.

And the Deputy Serjeant at Arms was examined as to the said Matter.

And the Lord Mayor of the City of London being a Member of this House, and not being in his Place in the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pre-posed, That Brass Crosby, Esquire, Lord Mayor of the City of London, a Member of this House, do attend this House in his Place Tomorrow Morning:

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the last proposed Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words, "it appearing to the House that the Lord Mayor " is now ill."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

The House divided.

The Yeas, went forth.

!Mr. Alderman Saw-1

b, > 80.

Mr. Baker: J

Tellers forj »«7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the said Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the ^rft proposed Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words " if his Health will permit."

And the Question being put; That those Words be there added,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put j Ordered, That Brass Crosby, Esquire, Lord Mayor of the City of London, do attend this House in his Place Tomorrow Morning, if his Health will permit.

The Orders of the Day being read }

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the White Her-

ring Fishery.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Oi derrd, That the Lord Strange have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eleven or the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

And presented to the House,

A Petition of Alan Job Jon, oi Wakefield, in the County of York, Gentleman, on Behalf of himself, and of Pemberton Mihies, Esquire, Mr. Francis the Elder,

A. 177 r.

Mr. Daniel Maude, and the Representatives of Mr. William Beat Jon, deceased.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for patting, cleansing, and lighting, several of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, in the Grid Town of Wakefield, and other Purposes; and that the Owners and Occupiers of real Estates within the said Town are indebted to the said Petitioners in the Sum of £. 125. 15.:. 8\d. for the Balance of an Account

for Money received and pajd for various Purposes, and particularly for repairing the Streets and Pavements of the said Town, and to’the other Persons above named, respectively, in several Sums of Money, amounting in all to £.90. 17;. 6 d.being the Balance of their respective Accounts of Expences (with Interest for the fame) incurred by several Applications to Parliament for affef-ling the Navigation of the Rivers Air and , towards the Repair of the Highways within the said Town, and other Parochial LTfes there: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for securing to him and the said other Persons, respectively, the Payment of the said several Sums.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of Win the County of York, which lies within the East End of West gale Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards Eafi Moor; for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Crew have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly;

And presented to the House,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that there is a Bill depending, for making a Canal from the River Dee, Within the Liberties or the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich, and there to join a Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey; and that, by virtue of several Acts, passed in the Reign of King George the Second, the Petitioners were empowered to make the said River Dee navigable; and, towards defraying the Expence thereof, several Duties were granted upon all Ships and Vessels navigating in the said River; and that the Petitioners, in pursuance of the said Acts, have proceeded to make the said River navigable, and have expended the principal Sum of £. 70,000 and upwards, and have made the same navigable for Vessels of 300 Tons Burthen; and though it is now more than 30 Years since the said Works were begun, the Petitioners have not hitherto been able to pay any Dividend to their Proprietors; and that, by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prel’ent Majesty, Power is given to make a Navigable Canal from the Trent to the,

which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be very prejudicial, not only to the Trade and Commerce of the Port and City of Chester, but also to the Petitioners, unless there is a Canal of Communication between the said City of Chester, and the Navigable Canal from the Trent -to

18° Martii.

Che tier,

&c.

Canal.

nGfio. III. 18° — 19 a M( 5-

the Mersey, at or near; and that the Peti

tioners apprehend, the proposed Canal from to

Middlewith, will be of great Advantage to the Trade of the Port and City of Chej, the Navigation of the River Dee, and the Country through which the said Canal will go, and will likewise be of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey, be read a Second Time.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 190 Martii \

Anno 11° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1771* Prayers.

defter field T ORD George Cavend reported from the Corh-Canal. y mittee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Ckejlerfield, in the County of through or near iVorkfop and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near Stockwith, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Six of the Committee, and of several other Sharers and Proprietors, of the Undertaking of the Navigation of the River Dun, in the County of York, whose Names are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of the said Navigation, was referred; That no Counsel appeared in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and- the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for securing Water to Mrs. Cavendish's Forge.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving the Navigation of the River.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

North Mr. Willoughbyreportedi from the Committee, to whom

Mo&ham, tj,c gjj for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea-lndofure. dows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of North Holme, and Bath/ey,

in the Parish of North M in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 335 Acres of Land and Eight Cottages in the said Township, who refuted to V o L. 33.

sign the Bill j and also except the Owners of 12 Acres and One Cottage, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 2,974 Acres, or thereabouts, and One hundred Cottages; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone-through the Bill, and made several Admendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Countess for rendering valid and effectual certain Articles of.

_ n m f w , Londonderry's

Agreement, bearing Date the 21st Day of July 1770, Agreement, made between Frances Countess Dowager of Londonderry,

Philip Earl Stanhope, and others; and for veiling several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Wilts, in Trustees, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Darner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, to whom Alconbury* the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place, called The White Post, on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wandsford Bridge, in the said County, called The North Division of the North Road; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton fin the said County of to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saltree Saint Judith, and Wandsford, from Payment of Toll in certain Cafes.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Charles Ogilvy, Esquire, was prefonted Jedburgh, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Bo- Eledhon. roughs of Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Haddington, One of the Districts of Burghs entitled to fend Members to Parliament, the Petitioner and Lieutenant Colonel Patrick Warrender, flood Candidates; and that, by the Rotation established by Law, Jedburgh was the presiding Borough, and its Commissioner, or Delegate, the Praefes of the Meeting; and in Absence of the Delegate from Jedburgh, the Delegate from Haddington had the Right of presiding; and that the Borough of Jedburgh had no Delegate at the said Election, and the Delegate of Haddington accordingly presided, and gave his Calling Vote in favour of the Petitioner, the Number of

3 Y Voices

a66 19* Mi

Voices being before equal; but the Sheriff of the County of Haddington, within which County the Boroughs of

Dunbar, North Berwick, and , lie, having

issued his Precepts to these Boroughs, commanding their Delegates to go to Dvnbar, as the presiding Borough and

Place of Election; a Return was thereby procured in Favour of the said Patrick (Vor render, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who Was then and there duly elected, and ought to have been returned the Burgess accordingly; vand that the Return of the said Patrick Warrender is injurious to the Petitioner, and in manifest Violation of the Laws requiring fair and just Elections: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon this Day Month, the 16th Day of April next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Notices were sent to Charles Esquire, and Lieutenant Colonel Patrick

render, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled*

An Act to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mortis, 19* die Martii 1771.

Ordered, That Charles Ogilvy, Esquire, do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House, upon this Day Month, the 16th Day Of April next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon;

HalfeU,

Cl» Dm. Com.

Charles Ogilvy, Esquire, haying this Day presented his Petition, complaining that at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Boroughs of Jedburgh, Dunbar,

North Berwick, Laudand Haddington, One of the Districts of Boroughs entitled to fend Members to Parliament, the said Petitioner,. and Lieutenant Colonel Patrick Warrender, flood Candidates: That, by the Rotation established by Law, Jedburgh was the presiding Borough,' and its Commissioner, or Delegate,

♦ the Prsefes of the Meeting; and in Absence of the Delegate from the Delegate from

Haddington had the Right of presiding: That the Borough of Jedburgh had no Delegate at the said Election, and the Delegate of Haddington accordingly presided, and gave his Calling Vote in Favour of the Petitioner, the Number of Voices being before equal; but the Sheriff of the County of Haddington, within which County the Boroughs of Dunbar,

Berwick, and Haddington, lie, having issued his Precepts to these Boroughs, commanding their Delegates to go to Dwibar, as the presiding Borough, and Place of Election, a Return was thereby procured in Favour of the said Patrick

Warrender, in Wrang of the Petitioner, who was then and there duly elected, and ought to have been returned the Burgess accordingly; x and that the Return of the said Patrick fVtmen-

der is injurious to the Petitioner, and in manifest Violation of the Laws requiring fair and just Elections: And the House having appointed Tuesday, the Sixteenth Day of April next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration; you are therefore to take Notice, That the House will,

7

ii. r 771-.

at that Time, take the same Petition into Cdn- sideration.

Given under my Hand, the aoth Day of Alar eh 17 71.

Flr Norton, Speaker.

To Charles Ogilvy, Esquire.

The like Notice to Lieutenant Colonel Patrick War-render.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton Beauchamp, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill.for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the several Streets, and other Passages, on the South Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future: And the same was received'; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that some of the Aldermen, and several of the Common Council, of the City of London, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in CommQn Council assembled.

And then tbt7 withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that the Bill depending in the House, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Ri-, vers Thames and IJis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of materially affects

several essential Rights of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London: And therefore praying the House will permit them to be heard, by their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as tends to abridge or affect any of the said Rights.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for embanking a certain Part of the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of Westminsterand County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Repdrt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Naunton

Beauchamp

inclosure.

Edinburgh

Street*

London. (Thame# and Isis Navigation.)

Thamei

Embankment.

(Durham

Yard.;

4

11 Geo. III. 190

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Whale Mr. Pemant presented to the House, according to Fishery. Order, a Bill for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. John Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, presented to the House*

Street*?*1* according to Order, a Bill for paving, repairing* cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the Parish of Saint in

the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mooatfield, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the

j, e°&c. Turnpike Road at Viuehall in the Parish of,

jtod in the County of Sussex, to Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Berkley j and from Cross to Longley's Water Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Comer to the Town of Rye, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har* court, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. t

Londoq A Bill for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Yonge, Sir Robert Ladbroke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hartftrd The Lord Hinchingbrook presented to the House, ac-ludofure. corcJing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in* plofing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same Was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hayden a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching. Hay don Square, The New Square, Yard,

Sum*. Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Church Street, other-

wife, the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street,

and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in The Minorits, in the County di Middlesex within the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of L; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chester A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Canal. anc) principal Tradesmen, of several Counties of North Wales, was presented to the House, and read* Setting forth, That Application hath been made to the House,

Vol. 33.

Martiu 267

to make a Canal from the City of Lh$&, to or neat

MiddlewicJt, and there to join the Canal now carrying oft from the Trent to the Mersey, an Undertaking which* as appears to the Petitioners, will, if carried into Execution, be of great public Advantage: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederationj an4 that the Bill now depending, for making the proposed Canal, may pass into a Law, under such Regulations aij to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* until the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Deet within the Liberties of the City of , and there to join the Canal now making frotn the River Trent, to the River Mersey, be read, a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opes Feckenbia,

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common* &c. / able Lands and Grounds, called Fields, in the *nclolttr*

Manor and Parish of Feckenham, in the County of War* cester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Beanhall Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Feckenham, in the County of Wqrcqjler,

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill tQ the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Coda* Wcdon, mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, *« Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Inclo‘"r* Manor and Parish of Wedon and West on, otherwise We-ion Pinkney, otherwise Leys Wedon,.in the County of

Northampton, was read a Second Time.- .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben , Mr. Mackworth, 8cc,: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’*

Chamber.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom south Leith the Petition of the Heritors and Inhabitants of the Town Street*, of South Leith, and Places thereunto adjoining} and * also, the Petition of Francis Earl of Moray, were referred; That the Committee'had examined the Matter of the first mentioned Petition (no Person’ appearing in Support of the second mentioned Petition) and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table!

Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, John Seton, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony's, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, are in general very ill cleansed and lighted, and are not fuf* ficiently supplied with frelli and wholesome Water; and that if Provision was made for cleansing and lighting the said Town, and for erecting Fountains and Reservoiifc therein, it would tend greatly to the Advantage and Convenience of the Heritors and Inhabitants thereof.

Mr. Thomas Parker, being examined, said, That the establishing Markets for the Sale of Com and Meal; and also, if Provision was made for better regulating Porters, Carters, Coachmen, and Chairmen, in the said Town, and Limits thereunto adjoining, it would be very beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Limits thereof.

George Chalmers, Esquire, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Parker, with respect to the Necessity of establishing Markets for the Sale of Corn and Meal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony's, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts

thereof

Tadcaster

Bridge,

(YorJc.)

Bold*

Cxenhope,

&c.

Icclosure.

k

Watford

&c.

Ineiofure.

Sebraham,

&c.

Tkhes.

268 19 0 MartiiA, 1771.

thereof with fresh Water: And that Mr. Sir

Laurence Dundas, and Sif Alexander do pre-

pare and bring in the fame.

Lord John Cavendtfh, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, to repair the Road leading from Tadcajfer Bridge, within the County of the City of Y, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane , was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. e

Mr. Darnel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, Township, and Manor of Oxenhope, in the Parish of Bradford, and County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates in the said Manor, which are aifelTed to the Land Tax at £.155 Per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and except the Owners of Estates which are assessed at f. 44. 5 s. per Annum; and also, except the Owners of Four new-erected Cottages, which are assessed at £. 4 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Owners of Estates who are contenting to the Bill, are assessed at £.307.15 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Murcott, in the Parishes of Watford and Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hozvard reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for discharging from Tithe, certain Lands in the Parish of Sebraham, otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland, and for making Compensation to the Curate of the said Parish for the fame, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Lunatics, entitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Committees, to accept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Common, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hinr to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; -and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dowdeswellreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Manor of Broadzvay, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 14 Yard Lands, who did not chufeto sign the Bill, but made no material Objection to the Inclosure; and also except the Proprietors of about Three Yard Lands, who were from Home when Application was made for their Consents; and that the whole Lands intended to be inclosed consist of upwards of 90 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; syid then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Fox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, in the Township of Butterwick, in the Parish of Foxholes, in the East Riding of the County of York: Anil the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ti'.e

Lunatic*

Sherrifffala

lodofrie.

Broaden/

IndoTure.

Butte nv:ck &c.

In cloiurc.

ti Geo. Ill, I9° — 20° Martii. 26$

.Liverpool The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to tX>IKd°n u*'°m Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold-04 ‘ efs, and Inhabitants, of the several Towns of Liverpool, Qrmjkirk, Preftoti, and of the Country lying be-

tween or adjacent thereto, in the County Palatine of Lancnjler, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and hfterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* Mr. John Eyes, being examined, said. That the Road from Liverpool to Preftonis very narrow, deep* and ruinous, and almost impafiable; that the repairing and widening of the same would be of public Utility; but that it cannot be done by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repaifing and widening the Road from Patrick's , within the Town of Livin. the County Palatine

of Lancaster, to the Town of Preston, in the same County

Palatine; and that the Lord Strange and Colonel Burgoyne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

red against him; for the supposed Aftkult and Imprisoa-ment of J. Miller;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tclleis for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed; That Richard Oliver, Esquire, Alderman of the City of London, a Member of this House, do attend this House, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow Morning," and inferring " upon Friday Morning next" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended* being put;

Ordered, That Richard Oliver, Esquire, Alderman of the City of London, a Member of this House, do attend this House, in his Place* upon Friday Morning next.

C Sir John { Mr. Cooper: f Sir Joseph

\ Colonel J

| 188.

1 56

tfir. Wilkes Ordered to attend in his Place.

Ordered, That John Wilkes, Esquire, Alderman of the City of London, do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege. The Lord Mayor, according to Order, attending in his Place;

The Evidence, which was Yesterday given to the House by the Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read; and the said Deputy Serjeant at Arms was further examined by the said Lord Mayor.

And then the Lord Mayor was heard in his Place.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reverting the Judgment in a Quo Warranto against the City of London, and for restor-ing the City of London to its ancient Rights and Privileges, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Lord Mayor acquainting the House, that he found himself out of Order, and could not attend any longer, without Prejudice to his Health, he, with Leave of the House, withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Matter be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Brass Crosby, Esquire, Lord Mayor of the City of London, do attend this House, in his Place, upon Friday Morning next, if his Health will permit.

The Lord Mayor having informed the House, that he thought himself obliged to act as he did, by the Oath he had taken, as Lord Mayor, to preserve the Liberties of the Citizens of London, granted by several Charters granted to the City of London, and supposed to have been confirmed by Act of Parliament, desired that Counsel might lie heard to that Point: .

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Counsel be at Liberty to be heard to that Point;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for Ihe Yeas',

Tellers for.I.eNccs.j^^".

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Morgan, Clerk to the Lord Mayor, do at-

tend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Minutes taken before the Lord Mayor, relative to the Messenger of this House giving Security for his Appearance, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City of London, to answer such Indictments as may be prefer-V01.

} 79*

| 202.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time* upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sevehty-one* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20* Martii;

Anno ii° Georgii III. H Regis, 1771* Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Ellovghton, in the Raft Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Northvjold, Wretton, Wereham, West Dereham, and in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of , in the Parish of

Bakewell, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

3 Z The

v

CHcfter

C*nal«

Militia.

Broogh Ferry, &c. Road.

Stoke Ferry, Set. Drainage.

Monyaih, SccJ Inclosure.

270

20° Martii.

A. 1771

fmCnood,

tec.

Inclosure.

West Ashby, Ate. Inclosurr.

Bee forth, Arc. Inclosure.

Rilhara,

See.

Inclosure.

Office*

and

fcmplfymenti.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Common, in the

Parishes of Mackworth, and Langley,

or l'ome of them, in the County of Derby j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Cow Pattures, lngs, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of within the

Manors of Hvrncastle and , in the County of

Lincoln’, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pattures, Carrs, and other Open and Common Grounds, within the Township of in the

Parish of Beeforth, otherwise Beef ord, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Kilham on the Woulds, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Olfices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common and Waste Ground, called Outwoods, within the Township or Hamlet of Horninglow, in the Parish of Burton, in the County of Stafford j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the several Hamlets of Stretton, Horninglow, Bond End, and Branfton, within the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Ground, within the Hamlets of Stapenhill, and Win-/hill, in the County of Derby-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Commons, and Waites, within the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of j and also a certain Common, called Throxenby Moor, otherwise Neivby Moor, within the same Riding; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Real Estate of John Sutton, Esquire, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Trust, to be sold for Payment of £. 8,000, the Portion of Isabella Sutton, deceased, and for the other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution an Agreement, dated the 23d Day of June 1770, between Humphry Minchin, Esquire, and George Clive, Esquire; and for vesting certain Estates, in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of in certain Trustees, and

their Heirs, for that Purpose; to which the Lords de- fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account ^1C being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from

SfikTic! ^ie Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

Horninglow,

(Burton)

Inclosure.

Stretton,

tec.

Inclosure.

Stapenhill,

&c.

Inclosure.

Scalby,

Sec.

Inclosure.

Sutton’s E dates.

Minchin’s

Agreement.

he was called in and, at the Bar, prafented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Raw Silk, Thrown Silk, and other Silk, unmanufactured, which have been imported into England, from the 5th Day of January 1760, to the 5th Day of January 1771; distinguishing the several Years, and the Places from whence the said Silk has been imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act. to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufactures.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. *

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed j and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near in the County of

Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed'him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered’ it in at the Clerk’s Table ' Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the Reverend Mr. Maurice, and Mr. Francis Chan-, bre, being severally examined, said, That the Road leading from the Finger Post, near Prys Gwen, to the Lime Rocks at Brony Garth, and the several other Road! in the said Petition' mentioned, are in a ruinous Condi-, tion, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Paflen-gers and Carriages j and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law.

And to prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition, the Reverend Mr. Maurice, Mr. Francis Cham-bre, and John Httdson, being examined, said. That the Lane called Llwyn Lane, near the Town of Oftveftry; the Road or Way opposite Halfton, leading to and the several other Lanes or Ways in the said Petition mentioned, are of little or no Ule to Travellers, and may be stopped up and discontinued, without Prejudice toany Person} and the flopping up and discontinuing the same will greatly tend to prevent evading the Payment of the Tolls.

And a Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to or near Chirk, in the County of Denbigh -, from Horton to Knockin and Llanymynech j and also the Road from the End of

Cotton Wood, to Whitchurch, in the County of Salop -, is committed j That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the Finger Post near Prys Gwen, near Chirk, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, with a Branch leading out of the same to Pont y Blew, in the county of ; as also the Road from the Village of Llanymynech to the River Tannat, at or near the Grove, in the Township of reghova, and County of Denbigh; and also for flopping up and discontinuing the Lane, called Llwyn Lane, near the Town of Oswestry; the Road or Way opposite Hal-ston, leading to Hindford; the Road or Way near leading to Berghill j the Way near Cae Gwern, leading to Lower Frankton-, the Way leading from Haenhafod House to Lower Frankton -, the Lane leading from the Rhydychenfford of the River Ceiring to; the

Lane called the Gledrydd Lane; the Lane lying between the Gledrydd Lane, and the Road from Bryngwila, to Prys Gwen the Lane leading from or near Prys Gwen aforesaid

OlWeftry, (Wem, ca Roads.)

ii Geo. III. a6° Martii.

said to Trehowel; and also the Latie leading from Jonas's House to the -Rhyn.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said

Committee.

St ret ton Ordered, That Mr. Sk do make the Report from

tender Foft the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in* nc oiure. cj0p,ng t^e Open and Common Fields of Stretton under Fofs, in the Parish of Monks in the County of

Warwick, was committed.

.. Mr. Skipwith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the CommitteO ^tad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the - . House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where; the Amendments were Once fread throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Rnightcot, Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in-Inclosure. cj0f,ng the fevjeral Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, Lammas Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets and Liberties of Knight cot and North in the Parish of Burton

Dajfett, in the County of , was committed.

Mr, Skipwith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Commissioners to allot a Piece of Land to the Vicar of Burton Dajfett, in lieu of his Stipend of

12.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Broadway An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Incloittrc. and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Broadway, in the County of Worcejer, was read the Third Time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Broadway, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill to thfe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Swaldiffe The Lord Wenman reported from the Committee, to Iftdosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Vol. 33.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Ohe by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; With the Amehdments, be ingross'cd.

Sir Henry Hoghtcn reported from the Committee; to Manchester

Whom the Bill to enlarge the Term contained in Two fe- to: Veral Acts of Parliament, and to repair, widen, and Road." amend, the Road from the Guide Post at the Westerly End of Nezvton Lane, within the Township of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lato Aujlerlands',

in the Parish of Saddlewor/h; in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and life read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Wavertoo, concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in /f'atw/tw, otherwise Wareton, in the Parish of Polesworth, in the County of Warwick; which Bill was, upon last, re-

ported from the Committee, to whom the same had been, committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit:

And the said Bill, being ingossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Waverton, otherwise Wareton, in the Parish of Polesworth, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Molesworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

A Petition of several of the Noblemen, and the htimble Shrewfcory Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy* and Free- Bridge, holders, of the County of Salop, in the Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enabling the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shrnvjbvry, to raise Money for building the said Bridge, and for carrying the several Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and representing to the House, that the - said Bridge belongs to, and is within the Jurisdiction of, the Town of Shrewsbury, and is by Law to be repaired by, and at the Expence of, the said Town; and that the Bill, by charging a Proportion of the Expences of rebuilding the said Bridge upon the County of Salop at large, lays an additional Land Tax upon the Estates of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselvesor their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- !) holders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Salop, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the House; That

th*

7? 2o° Martii. A. 1771;

the said Bridge belongs to, and is within the Jurisdiction of, the Town of Shrewsbury; and that the Estates of the Petitioners will be much injured, and their Property affected, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them.

D° A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, Burgesses, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Oswestry, in the County of Salop, was also prefeoted to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the House, That t|ie said Bridge belongs to, and is within the Jurisdiction of, the Town of Shrewsbury; and that the said Town of Ofwejlryis not contributory to the County Rates of the said County, having for Time immemorial been a Town Corporate, and always assessed and levied the necessary Rates and Taxes within its own Jurisdiction; and that the Estates of the Petitioners will be much injured, their Property affected, and the ancient Rights and Privileges of the said Town of O invaded, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by them-- lelves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Oswald Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac*

1 Inclosure? cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called the Intack or Cow Pqfture, and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extin-guishing all Right of Common in certain Inclosed Inter-common Lands there: And the same was received; and yead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

El vet Moor, Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac-c‘ cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the a 0 are. or Common, called Elvel , in the Parish of

Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Intcrcom-mon Lands in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the fei* veral Persons whose Names and Hands are thereunto set and subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and all others, claiming under such Right as therein aftermentioned, which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Tnrkey A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-

Trade. chants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, being

offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read'; Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey, has for a long Series of Years been carried on by a Society of Merchants incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protest His Majesty’s Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary that there ftinuld be an AmbalTador lent from England to retide at Constantinople, and that there Ihould be Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Offi-

cers and Servants, in the other Parts of Turkey, where any British Subjects refiiic, and where the carry oh

Trade 5 the whole Expence whereof has been borne by the Turkey Company; which, together with other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on the said Trade, has of late Years amounted to upwards of f. 10,000 per Annum-, and that the said Trade, to and-from Turkey, once so flourishingi is now, from many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance which was granted to the Petitioners by Parliament, in the last Session, was employed in paying off a considerable Part of the Debt they had incurred; and they had Reason to hope, that they should not now have been under a Necessity of applying for further Assistance, nor should they have troubled the House, but for the great Stagnation of Trade, and Increase of Expence, occasioned by the War which still subsists between the and the Russian

Governments; and that the Petitioners are fenlible, that they should not discharge the Duty incumbent upon them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public, if they did not declare their Inability to support their necessary Expences, unless relieved by Parliament;

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such further Afe fiftance as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the better Support and Establishment of Whale the Greenland and Whale Fishery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mondhy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Stone, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stone, &c-in the County of Stafford, to Lane End, and to the Road Ro*d* between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and front thence to Blithe Bridge; and also from Meir to Tren-tham, and from thence to Stableford Bridge, in the said County, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Wrottesley reported fron\ the Committee, to sbelton. whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road &c. from Shelton, in the County of Stafford, to the Road Road-between Cheadle and Leek, at Blakely Lane Head; and from Buckuall to the Road between and Sandon, at Weston Coyney; and from the said Road between Cheadle and Leek, to the Road above Frogall Bridge; and from the same Road, on the East Side Frogall Bridge, to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Rue-hill Gate, in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year of the; Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford-, and from Rye Croft Gate, upon Rufhton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester -, and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County 6 aff

li Geo. III. ao° Martii. 273

of Stafford, through Cheadle, and Blore, to

the Turnpike Road from Ashborne, to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby, and of the several Persons who have lent Money on the said Road leading from Blyth Marsh ,to the Road from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, whole Names are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Creditors of the said last mentioned Road, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di retted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Melton The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the &c. ’ Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Melton, in the Parish of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1.1. 20. and 21, After " ," insert " and

" whereas the King’s Most " Excellent Majesty, in Right " of His Crown, is Patron of " the Vicarage of Welton afore-

The said Amendment, being read 1 Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. L do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Absence. Ordered, That Colonel Monro have Leave to go into the Country, upon his private Affairs.

Scalby The House proceeded to take into Consideration the inclosure. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Commons, and Wastes, within the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the Cou/ity of York; and also, a certain Common, called Throxenby Moor, otherwise Newby Moor, within the same Riding.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as tol-loweth; viz. *

Pr. 14. 1. 34. After "aforesaid," insert except the Commons or Wastes in the Township of aforesaid."

Pr. 20. 1. 6. After " respectively," insert " Provided always, and it is hereby " further enacted, That, if the major Part in Value of the Owners " and Proprietors of ancient Houses, " Frontsteads, and Open Field

" Lands, within the said Township " of Cloughton, entitled to Right of " Common, shall be desirous of " having the Whole of the Commor.s and Wastes, lying within, " and appertaining to, the said Township of Cloughton, set out and allotted to them separately, and in " Exclusion of the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Houses and " Frontsteads, and Open Field

Vol. 33.

u Lands, in other Parts of the said " Parish of Scalby, and shall signify " such their Desire in Writing to the " said Commissioners, or any Three " of them, at the First General " Meeting to be held by the said " Commissioners, pursuant to thfe " Att; that then, and in stich Cafe, the said Commissioners, or any " Three of them, shall inquire into " and ascertain the Limits and " Boundaries of the Commons and " Wastes of the said Township of " Cloughton, and distinguish the same from the other Commons and " Wastes within the said Parish of " Scalby, if the same can be done; " and in case the said Commissioners, " or any Three of them, shall be " able to ascertain and distinguish " the Limits and Boundaries of the Commons, Waste Grounds, and " Commonable Places, of the said " Township of Cloughton, within " Six Calendar Months next after " the First General Meeting of the " said Commissioners, pursuant to this Act; then, and in such Case, " and not otherwise, the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, " shall, in the making of the Division or Allotment hereby directed " to be made (after the setting out " and allotting unto, and for His " said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors. One full and equal Thirtieth Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and after " setting out the1 Allotments in lieu " of Tythes within the said Township of Cldughton, as herein be-

" fore is directed) divide, set out, " and allot. One full Moiety or Half Part of all the Residue of the Commons, and Waste Grounds, " and Commonable Places, which " shall be found to lie and be within " the Township of Cloughton, unto 4‘ the several Owners and Proprietors of ancient Houses and FrontHeads, within the said Township of " Cloughton, only, having Right of " Common thereon; and shall, in the " next Place, divide, set out, and allot, the other Moiety of the Residue of the said last mentioned " Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, unto and amongst the several Owners and " Proprietors of Open Field Lands, " within the said Township of " Cloughton, only, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all such Right of " Common, as the Owners and PrO- prietors of ancient Houses or " Frontsteads, and Open Field Lands, now have in respect thereof, in, over, or upon, the said " Commons or Wastes; and theft. " the said Owners and Proprietors " of ancient Houses or Frontsteads, " and of Open Field Lands, in the " Township of Cloughton aforesaid, shall be excluded from any Share " in the several Commons or Wastes, " which shall, upon such Inquiry, 4 A "be

274

20° Ma

A. 1771

" be found not to be within the said " Township of Cloughton."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Prclton and A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Stratton Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Downs, in loclofarc. the Parishes of Prefion and Stratton, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. South-well, Mr. Millet, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Minehinand An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clive’* for confirming and carrying into Execution an Agree-

Agreement ment, dated the 23d Day of June 1770, between Humphrey Minchin, Esquire, and George Clive, Esquire; and for veiling certain Estates, in the County of in the Kingdom of Ireland, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, for that Purpose; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hampstead Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Norrey* the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Inclosure. an(j Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Hampstead in the

Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Two Roods of Land in the said Common Field, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed is 1,450 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House'.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Great Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Farringdon the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the to Burfor'd Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Far-Road. ringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; ami he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Jay One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were di (agreed to, and the rest jvere agreed to, by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

.ingrafted.

Sutton’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eihte. for veiling certain. Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the real Estate of John Sutton, Esquire, situate in the County of f jncoln, in Trull, to be sold, for Payment of

Eight thousand Pounds, the Portion of Sutton

deceased; and for the other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Lantriflent whom the Bill for repairing and widening several (Glamorgan) Roads leading to the Town of Lan; and also the Road leading from the V illage of Newbridge, to a Place called the Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wish the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the ’

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

a

’ The Lord Strange presented to the House, accord- Liverpool ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road to Preltoa from Patrick's Cross, within the Town of Liverpool, in ^oad* the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Prefion, in the same County Palatine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to London whom the Bill for further continuing the Tolls upon bridge London Bridge-, and for empowering the Mayor and 0 Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, to authorize Persons, possessed for Terms of Years of certain Houses and Ground, described in an Act of the 7th Year of His present Majesty, to build upon and inclose such Ground, in case the Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance are not to be found, or are not willing to inclose and build upon the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the’

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ut the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Tavemfpite, the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, &c. Clergy, Freeholders, and Landholders, of the County of Pembroke, whose'Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants of the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed]; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Charles Rees, being examined, said. That the Roads from Tavernspite, through the several Places mentioned in the Petition (being the great Road from to

Tenby, in the County of Pembroke, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and at some Times impassable; and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And

Thomas Keymer, Esquire, being examined, said. That

great

Hite

Cattle.

Rofrmarjr Lane, &c. Paving.

?ri\ llegf

Ditto. (L1 Mayor)

11 Geo. Ill*

great Part of the said Roads have been assisted by a voluntary Subscription, which has increased the Number of Carriages so as to make the said Roads in a very ruinous Condition> and cannot be repaired and widened without the further Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from Tavernfpiteto the Towns of Pem-

broke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the County of Pembroke: And that Mr. Fuller and Mr.

Sloaite do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of certain Live Cattle, and other Flesh Provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Milles, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Sir Thomas Pym Hales, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the Parish of Aldto Cable Street, also the said Cable Street, the Foot Path in Back Lane, the Precinct of Wellclose, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane to Ratcliffe Cross, Butcher Row, and Brook Street, and' the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the fame; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future j was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, to Cable Street, also the said Cable Street, the Foot Path in Back Latte, Part of the Precinct of Wellclose, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane, to Ratcliffe Cross, Butcher Ro-lv, and Brook Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the same; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Holder do attend this House, upon Friday Morning next, with the Minutes taken by him, on Friday last, at the Mansion House.

The Lord Mayor having, Yesterday, informed the House, that he thought himself obliged to act as he did, by the Oath he had taken, as Lord Mayor, to preserve the Liberties of the Citizens of Logranted by the several Charters granted to the City of London, and supposed to have been confirmed by Act of Parliament; and having desired that Counsel may be heard to this Point;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposal, That Counsel be at Liberty to be heard, upon Friday Morning next, to this Point:

Awl an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words " That the House of Commons have not a Right to enforce the Execution of their Orders within the City " of London-,"

The House was moved, that the several Entries in the Journals of the House, of the 28th Day of January, and the 1 It and 6th Days of February 17 50, of the Proceedings relating to Alexander Murray, Esquire, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 25th Day of January j 768, of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House, of a Breach of Privilege, against. Simon Esquire, a Member of this House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That those Words be added, at the End of the said proposed Question;

Vo i. 33.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellere for the Yeas, ^Lt:|‘77- .

Tellers for he N} *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put.

That Counsel be at Liberty to be heard, upon Friday Morning next, to this Point, That the House of Commons have not a Right to enforce the Execution of their Orders within the City of London;

It palRd in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Lord Mayor of the City of London be at Liberty to be heard, upon Friday Morning next, by his Counsel, upon all such Points as do not controvert the Privileges of this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " Counsel " to the End of the Question,

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of the City of London be at Liberty to be heard, upon Friday Morning next, by his Counsel, upon all such Points as do not controvert the Privileges of this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance Privilege, of John Wilkes, Esquire, Alderman of the City of (Mr. Wilkes) London:

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That John Wilkes, Esquire, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " MondayMorning next;" and, it being after One of the Clock on Thursday Morning, to insert " Tomorrow Morning" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That " Monday. Morning next" stand Part of the Question; - -

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That John Wilkes, Esquire, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance Ditto, of Morgan, Clerk to the Lord Mayor of the City (Mr* Mors">) of London, with the Minutes, taken before the Lord Mayor, relative to the Messenger of this House giving Security for his Appearance at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City of London, to answer to such Indictments as may be preferred against him, for the supposed Assault and false Imprisonment of J. Miller:

And James Morgan, Clerk to the Lord Mayor, attending accordingly; he was called in; and the Book, containing the said Minutes, being produced by the said James Morgan, was brought up to the Table; and the Entry of the said Minutes, therein contained, was read.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That James Morgan, Clerk to the Lord Mayor, do, at the Table, expunge the said Entry.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, that the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That James Morgan, Clerk to the Lord Mayor, do, at the Table, expunge the said Entry.

And the said James Morgan expunged the said Entry, at the Table, accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That nootheu Prosecution, Suit, or Proceeding,

be

2o° Martii.

Silk

Manufacture.

Supply.

’Ways and Means.

Foreign Wrought Silks, &c.

Corn Trade.

Military

Force.

Herring hfiaery.

27 6 —

be commenced, or carried on, for or on Account of the said pretended Assault or false Imprisonment:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That no other Prosecution, Suit, or Proceeding, be commenced, or carried on, for or on Account of the said pretended Assault or false Imprisonment.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- _ ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His

Majt-fty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Thursday Morning.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets imported into G Britain, and the Duties that have been paid thereupon, from the First Day of January 1760, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 12th Day of this Instant March, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Day, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the nth Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon ‘Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Day, upon the Bill for the more effectually railing a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company, be now read.

And. the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for fl.e House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Day, to consider further of the several Laws 'now in being, for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fisherv, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

4

1 Mar tit. A. 1771.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Day, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Pais: of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of Mar, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Z7enerisy 2 2° Martii;

Anno it® Georgii III'1' Regis, 1771.

- Prayers.

SIR John Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberties or Hamlets of Kilby and Newton liar court ,in the Pari fit of and County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Woodrojfe, who is pof-

sessed of Two Yard Lands and Two Quarters of a Yard Land, who approved of the Bill,'but would not sign, unless he was allowed to name a Commissioner; and also, except Caldecott, Attorney for a Person Abroad,

who is possessed of Five Yard Lands and Two Quarters of a Yard Land, and who refilled to sign the Bill, unless he was allowed to name a Commissioner; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 86 Yard Lands and Two Quarters of a Yard Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. William St eve art have Leave to go into the Country, upon his private Affairs.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End.

Ordered, That Lord John Gavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

exemplifying

Mill.:*.

Committee;.

Willow,

&c.

In ck, fare.

Absence.

Tadci^cr Bridge Ro ad.

Moneys

Will

jiGeo. III. 22° Martii277

exemplifying or inrolling the Will of Charles Macarthy Afore, deceased, and making the same Evidence as well in Ireland as Great Britain, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Oxrnhope, An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-c- mon and Waste Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, oc o urc. 'j*ownQ1jp> an(j Manor, of Oxenhope, in the Parish of Bradford, and County of York, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, Township, and Manor of Oxenhope, in the Parish of Bradford, and County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scalby, Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry to the Lords 4c. the ingossed Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and in-Indoiure. cl0fH)g the Open and LIninclosed Fields, Lands, Commons, and Wades, within the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also a certain Common, called Throxenby Afoor, otherwise Newby Moor, within the same Riding; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord fli ips.

London An ingrossed Bill for further continuing the Tolls Bridge upon London Bridge; and for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of to authorize Persons possessed for Terms of Years of certain Houses and Ground, described in an Act of the Seventh - Year of His present Majesty, to build upon, and inclose,

such Ground, in case the Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance are not to be found, or are not willing to in-. close and build upon the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Andjhat the Title be, An Act for further continuing the ’iRflls upon London Bridge, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in certain Cafes, to grant Licences to Persons possessed of Terms for Years, of and in Houses described in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, to build upon and inclose Part of the Ground and Soil of the Streets, in the Front of their said Houses.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbrooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lantnffent An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several (Glamorgan) Roads leading to the Town of; and also the

Roads. Road leading from the Village of Newbridge, to a Place called the Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of; and also the Road

leading from Newbridge to a Place called the Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Seb-aham An ingrossed Bill for discharging from Tithe, certain 11 e,‘ Lands in the Parish of otherwise Sebergham, in

Vol. 33.

the County of Cumberland, and for making Compensation

to the Curate of the said Parish for the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for discharging from Tithe, certain Lands, in the Parish of Sebraham, otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland, and for making Compensation to the Curate of the said Parish for the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open North Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, Mufkham, within the Townships of North Mujkham, Holme, and . Bathley, in the Parish of North Mujkham, in the County nc 0 K of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of North Mujkham, Holme, and in the Parish of North Mujkham, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. IVilloughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Peebles, Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening 4c. the Road from the Town of Peebles, to the King's Eatedge, Roads* and to Gatehope, Knowbumfoot, and to the Top of -moor, and to Lochhead, in the County of Peebles, was committed ;. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Algarkfike, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen Land, within the Parish of Algarkirke cum Incl° ure* Fosdyke, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Two Commonable Houses, Four Toftsteads, and 60 Acres, who were absent, but had Notice; and except the Owners of One Commonable House, 2 Toftsteads, and 31 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property, having Right of Common on the said Fen, consists of 83 Commonable Houses, 85 Toftsteads, and 2,411 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allotting to Mr. Chambers and Mr. Pelham, Lords of the Manor, a Parcel of Ground, in Proportion to the Quantity of Fen to be divided, as a Compefation for their Right of Drift.

And the said Clause was Once read with Blanks.

4 B And

278 220 Mar Hi.1771.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

S.llt Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of \iinuiatture. the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture; That they have Power to consider the State of the Manufacture of Crapes and Tiffanies, lately established in this Kingdom, and of a proper Encouragement, to be given thereto.

Birmingham Mr. JVardreported from the Committee, to whom the Brom^rove Bill for enlarging, and altering the Terms and Powers of Roads. several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King 'George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of to the Town of

Dudley, in the County of If'orce/ler, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bromsgrove, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dircded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Recruits. An Account of the Number of Men recruited by each Regiment of Dragoons, and Marching Regiments, within Great Britain, from the ioth December 1770, to the ill March 1771.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is pres.rved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Chesterfield Notice being taken, that His Majesty’slnterest is con-Canal. cerned in the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Chesterfield, in the County of , through or near Worksop and Retford, to jcin the River , at or

near Stockwith, in the County of Nottingham; which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Chesterfield, in the County of , through or near Worksop and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near Stockwith, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Robert Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill fordividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of and County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Commonable Houses, Toftsteads and old inclosed Lands, paying the Dyke Reeve Assessment, of the Annual Value of £. 10. for. who refused to sign the Bill; and the Owners of such Property, of the Annual Value of £. ao. 10 who were not applied to; and of 11, who could not be found; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dircded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite, to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston ing, in the County of Pembroke: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, at Long Rj/lon and Arnold, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Brampton en le Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Millet presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flesh Provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending certain of the Mile Ways leading to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance through the Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge; for making commodious Roads from the said Bridge through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement j for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for empowering Colleges and Corporations

to

Skirbrcie

Inclosure.

Tavernspite,

Pembroke,

Sec.

Road*.

Long ft i (ion, 6c t, loclosure.

Brampton,

Icc.

Inclosure,

Cattle.

(Fleth

Profifions.)

Oxford Mile WaNi, Streeu, dec.

11 Gecx III. . 2 2° Martii. 279

to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets within the said City; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And all'o, Hettoa The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tndofure. for dividing and inclosing the several Pastures, within the Township of Helton, in the Parish of Burnfal, and West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

South The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kell on for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields

Inclosure. ancj Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South Rest oh, in the County of Lincoln-, without any Amendment: And also,

BDothby The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Gr.ffoe for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common 0 °re" Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bu)thby Graffoe, in the County of Lincoln without any Amendment: And also,

Viscount The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act ^Estate''* ^or empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell certain Parts and Portions of the Estate and Barony of Carrington, in the county of ,

which formerly belonged to Hugh Lord Viscount rose, deceased, and now to Neil Earl of , for

Payment of the Debts of the said Viscount; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Blake’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Exchange exchange Lands in Langham, in the County of Suffolk, an *" ‘between Patrick Blake, Esquire, and Edward Burch, Rector of the Parish Church of Langham aforesaid, within the Diocele of Norwich-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to exchange Lands in Langham, in the County of Suffolk, between Patrick Blake, Esquire, and Edward , Rector of the Parish Church of Langham aforesaid, within the Diocese of Norwich, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vifcoont An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act t*fbte ^or empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell certain Parts and Portions of the Estate and Barony of Carrington, in the County of Edinburgh, which formerly belonged to Hugh Lord Viscount Primrose, deceased, and now to Neil Earl of Rofebery, for Payment of the Debts of the said Viscount, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

mas 1770; distinguishing each Year, and what Part are

British, and what Irish. %

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Culm. Account of the Quantities of Culm exported from Great Britain, during the last Five Years preceding Christmas 1770, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year; from what particular Ports; and to what particular Places, the same were exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Quantities of Culm transported from Oqe Port of Great Britain to another, with the Duties levied thereon, specifying the Ports of Shipping and Delivery, during the last Five Yeats preceding 1770; distinguishingeach Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Coni, ard Account of the Quantities of Coals and Culm used in the Smelting of Copper and Tin Ores in Cornwall, and used in Fire Engines for -draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper in Cornwall, for which the Duties have been drawn back, for the last Five Years preceding Christmas 1770; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered That there belaid before this House, an Culm. Account of the Quantities of Culm carried from Milford Haven, for the Burning of Lime, in the Counties of Pembroke, ’Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Merioneth, as permitted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of George the Second, with the Duties paid thereon, for the last Five Years preceding Christmas 1770; distinguishing each Year.

A Bill for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising the reby, was Coache*, read a Second Time. v-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Loan*, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the if ear 1771, *c-

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

ordered1* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Forei a" Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens imported Linen* *nt0 Great Britain, from Christmas 1769 to Christmas imported. 1770, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Species, and the Rates at which they are valued at the Custom House.

exported. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens exported from Great Britain, from Christmas 1769 to Christmas 1770, with the Drawback paid thereon; distinguishing each Species.

an<* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an 1 men*. Account of the Quantities of British and Irish Linens exported, upon Bounty, from Christmas 1769 to Christmas 1770, with the Amount of the Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing what Part are British, and what Irish.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the British and I Linens exported, without Bounty, during the last Five Years preceding Christ-Vol. 33.

The several Orders of the Day being read, for taking Privilege, into further Consideration the JEvidence, which, upon (Lord Mayor Monday last, was given to this House, by the Deputy ^London,) Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and for the Attendance of Brass Crosby, Esquire, Lord Mayor of the

City of London, in his Place;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from the Lord Mayor, desiring him to inform the House, that his late Attendance upon the House had increased his Disorder; that he was at present unable to go abroad; but would attend in his Place as soon as his Health would permit.

And the said Letter was read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Matter be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Brass Crosby, Esquire, Lord Mayor of the City of London, do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next, if his Health will then permit.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor be then at Liberty to be heard, by his Counsel, upon all such Points as do not

controvert the Privileges of this House.

Mr.

t

?8o 2 2° — 25 0 M 1771.

Ditto. Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, attending

{tor. Alder- in kis Place, acquainted the House, That he was ready, man diver.) immedjatdy, to enter into his Defence; but that, being a Magistrate of the City of , he did not wish to

separate his Interests from those of the City of and that therefore he was desirous not to separate his Defence.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. Alderman Oliver do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next; and that he then be at Liberty to be heard by his Counsel;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

SMr. Alderman Treco- 1

thick, > 48.

Mr. Turner: J

Teller, for (he Noes, J . } .48.

So it palfed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words " upon all such Points as do not controvert " the Privileges of this House."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added j

It was refolded in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put j Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next; and that he then be at Liberty to be heard, by his Counsel, upon all such Points as do not controvert the Privileges of this House.

" The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Robert Holder do attend this House, (Mr. Holder.) upon Monday Morning next, with the Minutes taken by him, upon Friday last, at the Mansion House.

New Ordered, That the Bill to incapacitate John Shoreham nett, Charles Hannington, Francis Thomas

Ele£lion. Hafelgrove, John Pedman Junior, Ralph Moor, Thomas Par Jons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John William Cheesman, Richard Blair, George John Parsons, John

Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers,

Samuel Ttippen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, John

Bicknell, Mathias Trujler, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, . John'Dean, James Robinson, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John John

Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jettnins, John Snook Junior, Richard Tilftone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathanael Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John William Cooler, Thomas

Frojl, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durr ant, Emery Churcher, John Wort on, Walter Broad, Thomas Hollingham, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Samuel Wilfbn, Clement Frieman, William Lajfeter, William Jupp,

’ Thomas Croivter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Thomas Robinson, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament j and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, be read a Second Time upon Wednes-dayMorning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the House this Day, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, do attend this House upon day Morning next.

8

Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Supply.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Ways and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is Earl, concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the ®f^on Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- nc ure‘ mon Pallures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton, which Bill was, upon Monday lall, read a Second Time, and committed j

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is Ubly concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosur*. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ubly, in the County of Somerset, which Bill was, upon Tuesday the 26th Day of February lall, read a Second Time, and committed 1

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lurtce, 2 50 die Martii;

Anno ii* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

ffRdered, that the Order of the Day, for resuming Skirbeck the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which Fen was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Inclo,"^e dividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of Skirbeck, and County of Lincoln, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom Boston the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen Fe" belonging to Boston West, in the County of Lincoln, Inclo‘ttre* was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Oldknow, Gentleman» and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being interested in the several Divisions of a certain Fen called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Parties

i^-

i i Geo. III. $5° Martii. 281

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Houses and other Estates, having Right of Common, of the Annual Value of £.218. tos. who . Tefufed to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of

such Estates of the Yearly Value of £. 56, who could not be found, and of £. 34 per Annum, who were not applied to; and that the whole Annual Value of Estates, having Right of Common in the said Common Fen, amounts to £.2,311. 5*.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose-the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Houseand he read the . Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing the Vicars to lease their Allotments.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

v*mwe!g»te, A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are * thereunto subscribed, being Freemen or Burgesses of ure" the City of Durham, and Borough of Framwelgate, in the County of Durham, (or and on the Behalf of themselves and the several other Freemen of the same City and Borough, was presented to the House, and readSetting forth. That the Petitioners observe. by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Wastes, within, or belonging to, the City of Durham, and Borough and Township of Framwelgate, known by the several Names of Framwelgate Moor, High Brajfide Moor, Low Brajfi.de Moor, Harber House Moor, Potter Moor, Well Springs Moor, and Findon Hill Moor; and for extinguishing, upon the Terms therein specified, all Right of Intercommon in and upon certain ancient Inclosed Lands therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners, as Freemen, or Burgesses of the said City and Borough, and of the several separate Incorporated Fellowships, Fraternities, or Trades, of and within the same City and Borough, and their Predecessors, havie, for Time immemorial, enjoyed a 1 Right of Common of Pasture for their Cattle, at all Times in the Year, upon the Moors, Commons, or Wastes, intended to be divided by the said Bill; and also a Right of Intercommon, at certain Times in the Year, upon the said ancient Inclosed Lands; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Inte-rcfl and Right of the Petitioners, and their Successors, may be wholly taken away, or greatly affected and prejudiced: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against: the fame; and that such Order may be made touching the Premises as the House shall thipk fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of several Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining upon, and lying near unto, the several Moors, Commons, or Wastes, known by the several Names of Framwelgate Moor, High Brajfide Moor, Low Brajfide Moor, Harber House Moor, and Well Springs Moor, in the County of Durham, in Behalf of themselves, and several other Persons who claim Right of Common, for and in respect of their said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in and upon the said Moors, Wastes, or Commons, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and Vol. 33.

inclosing certain Moors, Wastes, or Comipons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The Intack or Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint Ofwa/d, and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioners, and others, have several large Estates adjoining, and lying near to, the said Moors,

Wastes, or Commons, and, in respect thereof, have, for Time immemorial, enjoyed Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, yet were never consultfd about the Propriety of the said Bill; and, in order to deprive the Petitioners of their ancient Rights, as far as in them lies, have penned the said Bill (as the Petitioners apprehend and are adviled) in such Manner as to lay thfc. Petitioners under a Necessity of trying their said Rights at York, which is near 70 Miles distant from the said Commons; and when such Rights shall be recovered, the Commissioners are left at Liberty to give the Petitioners, such Shares or Allotments as they shall think fit, without any Rule or Proportion being prescribed; and that the said Bill being brought into jthe House so late in the Session, the Petitioners have not had an Opportunity of fully considering many other Things contained therein, which may be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill pasting into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are then to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon*their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrafted Bill fopr repairing, widening, turning, Gfeat, and altering, the Road from the Market House, in the 0,1

Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of , to Burford

Burford, in the Couifty of Oxford, was read the Third Road. Time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Alconbury of several Acts, made for repairing and amending that Hl11»Stilton, Part of the Road leading from a certain Place, called The White Post, on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in ttie said County, called The North Division of the North Road; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of- several Acts, made for repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place, called The White Post, on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Hun-

tingdon, to Wansford Bridge, in the said County, called The North Division of the North; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyldbore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Gunpowder. Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First,. intituled, An Act for preventing the Mitchie(s which may

4 C happen

Liverpool to Preston Road.

Sheriffhales

lrcltfure.

Naunton

Beauchamp

Inclosure.

Buttenvick,

Sec.

Jocofure.

k

4 8 a 25° Martii, A. 1771.

happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and or the

Suburbs thereof, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made In the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act . for preventing of Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That Part of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the b^ter Regulation and Government of Pilots, licensed by the Corporation of 'Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, in the County of Kent; and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames, below London Bridge, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westmmight be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in anyone Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from one Place to another, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws relating to the keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder; and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gilbert, and Sir ^Charles Frederick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Patrick's Cross, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Preston, in the same County Palatine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Colonel Burgoynef &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing Sheriff-kales Common, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time. # .

Rffolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing Sheriffhales Common, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton Beauchamp, in the County of IFrrcester, was read a Second Tirrys.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ward, Mr. Dowdeswell, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in the Township of Butterwick, in the Parish of Foxholes, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to lyir. Charles Fox, Mr. Fitzpatrick, &c.': And they are to meet

this Afternoon, lit Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dundas pfefented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony’s, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining; and for Applying the several Parts thereof with freth Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth. That the Laws in being for watching the said Parish are de-festive; and if Powers were given for keeping up and regulating a proper Nightly Watch within the said Parish, it would tend to the Safety of the Inhabitants thereof, and all Persons resorting the reto: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for keeping up and regulating a Nightly Watch within the said Parish, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Kynqfttn, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Swale life, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord Wenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the (eve-ral Parcels of Fen Land, within the Parish of Algarkirke cum Fosdyke, in the7 Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act; for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen Land, within the Parish of Algarkirke cum Fosdyke, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of

Ordered, That Sir 1BrozvtilowCuft do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Foreign Crapes and Tiffanies, imported into this Kingdom, from the First of January, 1768; Hating the Quantities that have been imported in each Year.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon 1

Mr.

Sooth Leith , Streets, Sec.

S' John

(Clerkenwell)

Streets, and Ifightly Watch*

Swalcliffe

Inclosure.

Clerkenwell (St. John) Streets, Arc.

Algarkirke

Fen

Inclosar*

Foreign Crape?, Arc.

N

11 Geo. III. £5* Martit. 283 -

Mr. Speaker, J'

W»pping The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Street for paving Wapping Streetin the County of

eying, c. anc| the fevera] Streets and Passages leading into the fame;

and for removing all Encroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street into

ingale Lane, and for paving such Passage, and the East Side of Nightingale Lane; without any Amendment: And also,

Bedford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Level to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and

Corporation. Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford , to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great; and for laying Taxes upon the Lands within the said North , and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crow-land-, without any Amendment: And also,

Galley Hill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act £oad. for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfiein the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

Cramond The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^nRoad&C to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, oa ' made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of in the County of Linlithgow; without any Amendment: And also, *°n*_°f»ton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nc are. for hiding an(j incl0fing the Common Fields, and the Common or Heath, called Kilfall Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Donington, in the County of Salop; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Manchester An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term contained in nfterlindt Two several Acts of Parliament, and to repair, widen, Road, and amend, the Road from the Guide Post at the Westerly End of Newton Lane, within the Township of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to lands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, and to repair, widen, and amend, the Road from the Guide Post at the Westerly End of Newton Lane, within the Township of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to in the Parish

of Saddleworth, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Watford, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-1 i5fC' mon fields. Common Pastures, Common Meadows, 05 *re* Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Mur cot t, in the Parishes of Watford and Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton, was read-a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

grave, Sir William Dolbe &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bradford Sir George Savi/ereported from the Committee, to Canal, whom the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, at Windhi/l, in the Township of Idle, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had exa-,mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;

Vo l.33.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in aj: the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Thame* Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for embanking a certain Part of the River Thames, hear Durham Yard* ' ,m " within the Liberty of the City of JVefminster, and County of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read. Order of the

And the Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of John Wilkes, Esquire, Alderman of the City of London;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The several Orders of the Day being read, for the Privilege. Attendance of Brass Crosby, Esquire, Lord Mayor of the City of London, and Richard Oliver, Esquire, Alderman of the City of London, in their Places;

And the Lord Mayor attending accordingly in his Place, acquainted the House, that he had received the Resolution of this House of Friday last, for allowing him Liberty to be heard, by his Counsel, upon all such Points as do not controvert the Privileges of this House; but that finding the Counsel were, by that Resolution, restrained from speaking to many Points material to his Defence, and that the Counsel he could depend upon, and whom he wished to employ, were on the Circuit; he therefore would not give the House the Trouble of hearing Counsel on this Occasion.

Then the Evidence, which, upon Monday lad, was given to the House, by the Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read; and the Minutes of what the Lord Mayor had offered to the House, in his Defence, upon Tuesday last, were also read.

And the original Charter, granted to the City of London, upon the 6th Day of March, in the First Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, was produced, and read.

And the House being informed, that a. F’erson attended at the Door, with a Book, containing the Oaths taken by the Magistrates of the City of he was

called in; and the Book being produced, the Copy of the Oath taken by an Alderman of the City of London, and also the Oath of the Lord Mayor, were read.

And then the Lord Mayor was further heard.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the discharging out of the Custody of one of the Messengers of this House, J. Miller, (for whom the NewsPaper, intituled, " The London Evening " Post, from Thursday, March 7, to Saturday, March 9,

1771," purports to be printed, and of which Paper a Complaint was made in the House of Commons, on the 12th Day of this Instant March, and who, for his Contempt, in not obeying the Order of this House, for his Attendance on the House upon Thursday the 14th Day of this Instant March, was ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, attending this House; and who, by virtue of the Speaker’s Warrant, issued under the said Order, had been taken into the Custody of the said Messenger) is a Breach of the Privilege of this House:

And the previous Question being proposed. That that Question be now put;

The House was moved, That the Resolution* of the House, of the 26th Day of February 1728, relating to the Proceedings of the House, upon the Petition of Robert Raikes, of the City of Gloucester, Stationer and Printer, might be read.

it. And.

1

a84 25* Martii. 1771.

.And the same were read accordingly; and are as followed!; viz.

" Resolved, Nemine ContradicenThat it is an Indignity to, and a Breach of the Privilege of, this " House, for any Perl'on to presume to give, in written " or printed News Papers, any Account or Minutes of " the Debates or other Proceedings of this House, or of any Committee thereof."

" Resolved, Nemine Contradice, That, upon Dif-

" covery of the Authors, Printers, or Publishers, of any " 'such written or printed News Paper, this House will " proceed against the Offenders with the utmost Se-

verity."

The House was also moved. That the Resolutions, which, upon the 26th Day of February 1701, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of the House of Commons, might Be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That to alTert, that the House of Commonsisnot the only Representatives of the Commons " of England, tends to the Subversion of the Rights and

Privileges of the House of Commons, and the fundamental Constitution of the Government of this " Kingdom.

" Resolved, That to assert, the House of Commons

u have no Power of Commitment, but of their own " Members, tends to the Subversion of the Constitution " of the House of Commons.

" Resolved, That to print or publish any Books

" or Libels, reflecting upon the Proceedings of the " House of Commons, or any Member thereof, for or " relating to his Service therein, is a high Violation " of the Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons.

" Resolved, That it is the undoubted Right of the

People Of England, to petition or address to the King,

" for the calling, fitting, or dissolving, of Parliaments,

and for the redressing of Grievances.

* Resolved, That it is the undoubted Right of every " Subject of England, under any Accusation, either by " Impeachment or otherwise1, to be brought to a speedy '* Trial, in order to be acquitted or condemned."

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions of the House, of the 23d Day of Jamary 1722, in relation to the Complaint of the Proceedings of this House being frequently printed in; News Letters and Papers, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That no News Writers do presume, in " their Letters, or other Papers, that they disperse as " Minutes, or under any other Denomination, to intermeddle with the Debates, or any other Proceedings,

" of this House.

" Resolved, That no Printer or Publisher of any

printed News Papers do presume to insert in any such " Papers, any Debates, or any other Proceedings, of this " House, or any Committee thereof."

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 13th Year of King Charles "the Second, intituled, An Act for Safety and Preservation of His Majesty’s Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of July 1641, of the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the printing of the Lord Digby's Speech, concerning the Bill of Attainder

of the Earl of Strafford, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" That no Member of this House shall either give 1

" a Copy, or publish in Print, any Thing that lie shall " speak here, without Leave of the House."

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 1 ith Day of February 1695, of the Order then made, " That no News Letter Writers do, in their Letters, or other Papers, that they " disperse, presume to intermeddle with the Debates, " or any other Proceedings, of this House," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Resolution of the House, of the 13th Day of April 1738, in relation to the Complaint made to the House, of the Publishers of several written and printed News Letters and Papers, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is an high Indignity to, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of, this House, for " any News Writer, in Letters, or other Papers, (as " Minutes, or under any other Denomination) or for " any Printer or Publisher of any printed News Paper, of any Denomination, to presume to insert in the said " Letters or Papers, or to give therein, any Account " of the Debates, or other Proceedings, of this House, " or any Committee thereof, as well during the Recess, " as the Sitting of Parliament; and that this House " will proceed with the utmost Severity against such. " Offenders."

The House was also moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 24th Day of November 1763, relating to the Privilege of Parliament, in the same of seditious Libels, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Privilege of Parliament does not " extend to the same of writing and publishing seditious " Libels, nor ought to be allowed to obstruct the ordinary Course of the Laws, in the speedy and effectual " Prosecution of so heinous and dangerous an Offence."

The House was also moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 3d Day of February 1769, relating to the Expulsion of John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member " of this House, who hath, at the Bar of this House, " confessed himself to be the Author and Publisher of " what this House hath resolved to be an insolent, scandalous, and seditious Libel, and who has been convicted in the Court of King’s Bench, of having printed " and published a seditious Libel, and Three obfeene " and impious Libels, and by the Judgment of the said " Court, has been sentenced to undergo Twenty-two " Months Imprisonment, and is now in Execution under the said Judgment, be expelled this House."

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 19th Day of July 1689, relating to the same of Sir Francis Pemberton and Sir Thomas Jones, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Sir Francis Pemberton, giving Judgment to over-rule the Plea to the Jurisdiction of the " Court of King’s Bench, in the same between Jay " and Topham, has broken the Privileges of this

" House.

" Resolved, That Sir Thomas Jones, giving Judgment " to over-rule the Plea to the Jurisdiction of the Court " of King’s Bench, in the same between Jay and Topham, " has broken the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Pemberton be taken into " Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, " for his Breach of the Privileges of this House, in " giving Judgment to over-rule the Plea to the Jurisdiction

11

III.

5° -Miii'tii.

2&S

BMi, -so the 'Ckfe

" diction of the Cou'ft 6f " hetweert Jay and Pdpltanr.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Jones bfe itiken fiit'd

" Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, " for his Bleach of the Privileges eff this fiPonfe, in " giving Judgment Vo oVer-nile the Plea tri tht Jurisdi&ioh of the Cttart of Ring’s Bench; hi ihe Cale " between Jay and Topham.

whom the News Pa^er, intituled, " The London

" Pojh, from Thufjftchj Match to Saturday, March 9,

" .17 71," purports ¥6 fee prlnthd-, and of which Paper, a Complaint was niadk fii tlfe House of Commons, on the 12th Day of this fiistant /Marand who, for his Contempt, in not ofeeVing the V)Vder of this House, for hfs Ati'entlkhcC ‘on the House upon the 14th

DiV of this Infant 'March, was oVdered To be taken into

if ill l* > i.~A*.’.a- »v-

The House was also moved, that the Entry in the the Clifttedy of the SerjediVt at Arms, or Ills Deputy, at-Jourrral of tire Houlr, of the 6th Day of July 16^9; tending this House, and who, by virtue of the Speaker’s " That a Bill be brought in, to reverse the Judgment W&rrint i{fifed under th'e said Order, had bfen takeu " against John Tvp/ttim, rind.for settling the Rights and into the Custody of the said Messenger) is a Breach "of " Privileges of Parliament for the future," might be the Privilege o( this House.

Resolved, Hut the signing a Warrant agaiijft tljie foid Messenger, for haying executed the said M^arrant of the Speaker, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House. __ t ._ t.

Rijobved, That the holding the said Messenger to Bail, for having executed the said Warrant of the

read.

And the lathe Was read accordingly.

The House being informed of a tumultuous Crowd, in Palace Yard, and in the Passages leading to the Hteufe, who interrupted Members in their coming into the House: . ..

The High Con liable of the City of lYeJlnunJtcr Vis called in, and examined as to the said tumuftp

Crowd yind he acquainted thh House, that he had d; __ ..... .....____

every Thing in his Ppwer to disperse theih,. with the Af- Plfce, upon Wednesday Morning next, if his Health liAance of a great Nuhjber of the Iponftables of West-will then jie'rniit. ' mujler-, but that all Ills Endeavoil’rs had Been in vain.

The House was moved, that jlfe Entry in the Jeur- ... A Mottpn was made, and the Question being put*, AajAnmnifent. hal of the House, of the 27th or February*1699, of the Ite^t the House do now adjourn;

Proceedirigs of, the. House, ,iti relation to fife Infortba- The House divided.

1 - -t mr.et --c. *>*.»...j -c *"*'The

!ner, in ages to

J 97*

\iii.

tion given to the House, of a Crowd of People being got together, in a luijiultuous and riotous Manner

the palace Yard., Westminster Rail, and the railage

this House, might be read

And the same being read accordingly 1

And the Hous ’ ' ’ ‘

Justices of the

tended, they. v..„ . — _

Speaker, By Order of the House, t acquainted them, that

the House had receive d tnJ(^atibnoF the fed. tiimul- ..... ._________ rr_._________„....., , .

tuous Crowd; and lliat the House did expert that they she Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House should, together with tjbe other. Maj;ift^ates npw fating ihduid Be again exdmiried, or that the Evidence giyett at the Guildhall of the (Jaty of PPeJ imth/leh, forthwith dp fe this, House by the said deputy Serjeant, upon every Thing in their J%wer to ^ifperle ttiat riotous 2ay jfhdulcl he again, read $ 4,k ^; .

Crowd; and that they should, as toon as tfiej tffere able, He acquainted the House, that he did not desire the

i'.i:_dL file ttlK.ft tL-ljt CCJ J." l !*J r.:j -j______i_________j_____11 tir- ':’?. ^1 i_.

lie Roes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas I ^r* tPhlJtflgl

1 eiiers for the 1 eas, J £akgr;

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, attending Privilege ih his Place y .; , r>

And it being pfopBfed to him, by Mr. Speake^, that

return, and iiiforth the House what the^ had done in this flatter.

Arid then they withdrew. , ,. .____,

And, after feme Time, the House Being informed, that the said Justices \yere again attending: they were called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House,.that

said Evidence to be read again, or any Witness to be called; and that he should not say any Thing in his

Defence, il ..... ..... ..... .

.. JVnd a emotion ifeing ipade. That Richard QH&tor* Esquire, ,a Meinber of this House; having ilghed a Warrant for the Conimiiment of the Menenger of this House,

they iiil'djjn ObedieHce in the Orders of the House, in for having executed the Warrant of the Speaker, ifiiued

a great Meaiuie dispersed the Crowd, and cleajred the J J r*'' " c — , t-: — «-jj Passages for the Members coming into the House; but that there was. ftiU a great Crowd in the Court of Re-quests; arid Mr. Speaker directed them ftijl to attend, and to continue arid ule their Endeavours to keep every Thing quiet.

And then they again withdrew.

ance at present; but hoped thie Matter might go on in his Absence; and that he should submit himself to every Thih^ the House IKould db;

H«, with Leave of the House, withdrew.

Theh the said previous Question being put. That the first proposed Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for

j i72-

| jtt

Tellers fdr the Noe^|

So it was fefolved.in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put; i.

Refotved, That the dlfcliarging put ort^e ^impdykof One of the Mclfengers of this House J, Miller (for

Voft. 35«

yuder an Order of this H.o.use> and having held the said . Messenger t,o Ball, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House; r. ....

Mr. Alderman Oliver withdrew.

Then the Question being put; _ ^,

Resolved, That Richard Oliver, Esquire, a Member of this House,- hav/ng signed a.Waiiapt for thfe Chm-..... ., r ’:'House, for having

.jfltied upder ah the said Meffert

ger to Bail, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House. ’ .7 ... . v.

A M°V°P was made; and the Question bping pro-poled. That Richard Oliver, Esquire, an Alderman of the City of London, and a Member of this House* be, for his said Offence, committed to the Tower of London;

An Amendment was proposed . to be mlde td the Question, by leaving out die Words, " Coyunitted to " the Tower of and insertiQg the Words, "

" primarided by Mr. Speaker in his Place/* instead thereof.

J And tlje Question being put, TBat the Woids, " Committed to the Tower of L/’ stand Pirt of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

4 D Tellers

a86 25* — 27

Tdkrs for the Yeas, , } >7°-

Tellers for the Noe., } 38.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Richard Esquire, an Alderman

of the City of London, and a Member of this House, be, for his said Offence, committed to the Tower of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Fitzgerald’s , Ordered, That the Bill for diverting out of the Crown, ElUte. and to vert in Gerald Gerald, of Rathrone, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee, of and in several Lands in Ireland, therein mentioned, be read a Second Time upon Thmrfday Morning next.

Greenland Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-and fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole FM"'r‘ House, upon the Bill for the better Support and Eftar blishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery.

East India Rejohed, That this House will, upon Morn-

Military fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole orce' House, upon the Bill for the more effectually raising a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company.

Herring Resolved, That this House will, upon Fishery. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole- House, to consider further of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

Militia. Resolved, That this House will, upon IVr Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Hackney Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Coaches. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies afifing the reby. .»

Loans, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-®r ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole XBil's.Uer House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1771.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-Means. ing next, -resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housey to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

-The poftpoped Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Wilkes. ’ Ordered, That John Wilke?, Esquire, do attend this House upon this Day-Fortnight, the 8th Day of April next. - "* ' .;

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Thames Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for embanking a Vart.j certain Part of the Rjver Thames, near Durham Yard,

Martii. A. 1771.

within the Liberty of the City of IV and County.

of Middlesex, be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock on Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 27* die Martii;

Anno ix* Georgii III. U Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

MR. Forrester reported from the Committee, ’to Wemyfs’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Francis Charteris, Esquire, heretofore called Francis Wemyfs, and the Heirs of his Bod}', and several other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to retain, assume, and sign, the Name of Charteris, and to bear the Arms of ternr, and to hold and enjoy the Estate therein mentioned, notwithstanding the Descent to him or them respectively of the Honour and Title of Wemyfs, or any other Honour or Title whatsoever, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Forrester do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom Countefc

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 21st Day of July 1770, made between Frances Countess Dowager of Londonderry,

Philip Earl Stanhope, and others; and for vesting several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Wilts, in TrUftces, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- . ment: And he delivered the Bill in'at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Re/olyed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Live Ctnle, Live Cattle, and other Flesh Provisions, from & c.

Britain, for a limited Time, be read a Second Time *

Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, Tweed to whom the Bill for regulating and improving the Fish- Fisheries. eries, in the River of Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams ruhning into the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

in

Lcate

of

Absence.

Ditto.

A vington Glebe Lands.

Sc* ft worth loclosure.

Brampton cn le Morthea l^clofare.

Long Rifton, &c. loclosure.

Bi&op Norton, &c. Ioclofare.

Hartford,

Huntingdon)

iodofure.

Market

Harboroogh

&c.

Road.

11 Geo. III. .27 ' MartH.287

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; anti, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Garden have Leave to go into the Country, upon his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Colonel Campbell have Leave to go into the Country, upon his private Affairs.

Sir George Bridges Rodney reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrotfed Bill from the Lords, inti-tituled, An Act for rendering effectual an Exchange of certain Lands, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of Avingto*, in the County of Southampton, for certain other Lands in the said Parish of belonging

to the Mott honourable the Marquis of Carnarvon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that "the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Bridges Rodney do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Year of the Reign of his'Iate Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Har borough to in the County of Lxicester , and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called the FoJ's Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Mellon Mowbray, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, was committed.

Mr. Medley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wemyfs have Ijeave to go into the

Country, upon his private Affairs.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate and remove certain public Markets in the City of Exeter, and for that Purpose to purchase a Plot of Ground; and to prevent the Holding of the Markets in the High Street of the said City; and also to remove and prevent Annoyances in the said City, and its Suburbs; is committed; be revived.

Leave

of

Absence.

Exeter

Markets.

Mr. Lascelles presented- to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township and Liberty of Scaftworth, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of le

Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Savile, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, at Long , and Arnold, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savile,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Pari fit of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-cot, Mr. Amcoits, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, arid LibCTties of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the-Btll be committed to, Lord Hinchingbrook, Mr. Fox, &c.: And theyafc to meet this Af-, ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do make the Report frptn flie Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts, paflld in the,"twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the 19th

VOL. 33.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Appleby Amendments /nade by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, r*co‘ure* An Act for dividing and inclosing the - Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz. '

' Pr. fy. 1. 12. r After " of," Lnfert " ancient."

1. 13. Leave tout " no Land," and insert " Common Right."

’ 1. 22. Leave " out Allotments," and in- _ fert " Owners and Proprietors of ’ . f " ancient Messuages and Cotta-. " ges, having no Lands in the

" laid Fields or Indofures, within " the said Parish, except Home- "Heads."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed "to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lord-ships- v.

Sir Sampfoti Gideon reported from the Committee, to Ladas Fen whom the Bill for draining and preserving' certain Fen Inclosura, Lands, and Low Grounds, in Ladus Fen, in the Hie of Ely, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report' to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and ml Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Sir

288 $7° Marta.A. 1771.

Pattiflull, Sir John Wrottcjley reported from the Committee* to &c* whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Iaclosure. Common Field?, Common Mfeadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of , with the Hamlets of

Eaficote, Ajlcote, and Derrk, in the County of Nor-

thampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Patties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Elizabeth Mtr, who is poflfefled, as Te-

nant for Life only, of abbot 'Two Yard Lands; and that the Whole of the Lands to be indofed consist of about 64 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had g6nfe through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and life read the Report in his Plate} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendmerits, in at the Clerk’s iTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fetetilly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Giause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing on Appeal tt> the Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Past of the Bilk

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Sutton’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ebro, for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Real Eftite of John , Esquire, situate ifi the County of Lintoln, in Trust, to be sold, for Payment <)f Eight Thousand Pbufids, the Portion of IfibelL* Staton, deceased, and for the other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was lead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Hdy, Mr. Hafinter, hc! And they art to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the CloCk, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Blake’s Ah ingtbflfed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act Ex£ha"8e of to exchange Lands in Lo in the county of ,

in *’ between Patrick B/ekt, Esquire, and Edward Burch, ReClor of the Parish Church of Langham, aforesaid, within the Diocese of Norwich, Was read a Second Time.

Rffohed)That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hanmer, Colonel Hay, &c.: And they ate to meet this ATter-hoon, it Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wiftow, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and indlofing the Open be. Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and ill other Com-Indofure. ,^00 Waste Lands, in the Liberties or Hatnlets of Kilby and Newtoii Harcourt, in the Parish of , and

County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

~ Meadows; Common Pastures, and all other Common ind Waste Lands, in the Liberties or' Hamlets of Kilbj and Newton Har court, in the Parish Of fViftow, and COunty of Lticefttr.

Ordered, That Sir« Jo Palmer do early the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hampstead An irigrossed Bill fot dividing and mefofing the feve- Norrey’i, &c. ml Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and nclofuro. Grounds, wifbiri the Manor of Hdmpffedd Notteys,

in the Parish of ffomfie id the Gotfrity of Berks, was read fbe Third Time.

Resolved, That^ the Bill do pase: Add that the Title An Act for dividing and ihftriftrig the feVCM Operi Slid Common Fields, Commonable Lands, arid Waste Grounds within the Mafriot Of Norrefi, in the

PttrtfW of Habf/fead Notreys, in the County of Berks.

9

Ordered, Thai Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defile their Concurrence.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Highway., widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain (Scotland, called Scotland: And that Mr. Edmonjione and the Lord Advoqfte of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For the House to Loam, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon &c* the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1771, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Hackoey resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Coache». the Bill for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising the reby, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Chirks Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gohe through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report b ireceived Tomorrow

Morning.

A Bill for punishing Offences committed by Hackney Hackney Coachman ind Chairmen, within certain Districts and Coachmen, Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Rfcgiftry &c‘ of Carts and Carriages; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, I'hat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

hefolved. That this House will, upon Tuesday Se-vennighti the Ninth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is con- BUke’i cerried in the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Excha^eot Act to exchange Lands in Lang ham, in {he County of an Suffolk, between Patrick Blakef Esquire, and Edward Burch, Rector of the f’arish Church, of- aforesaid. Within the Diocese of Norwic; which Bill was, this tyay, read a Second Tfirrie, and committed j

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the* said Biif, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty’s' Irfterest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice befog taken that His Majesty’s Interest is con- Nauntoa certfod in the BHl for dividing irid inclosing the ' Open Beauchamp arid Common Fields, Crirtrtriohr MeadoWs, arid Com- *BClofure-monable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton,

irt the Courity of Worctfterj which Bill was. Upon Monday last, reSd a Secorid Time', and committed j \ The L6fd North, by His Majesty’s Command, it- quainted

11 Geo. III. 27* Martti. 289

quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Chester, Ordered, That the Bill for making a Navigable Canal Canal ^rorn the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of na Chester, and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 9th Day of April next.

Tumult. The House being informed of a tumultuous Crowd assembled in "Palace Yard, and in the Passages leading to the House, who had assaulted several of the Members in their coming to the House:

Several Justices of the Peace of the County of dlesex and City of Westm attending; they were called in; and, at the Bar, Mr. Speaker, by Order of the House, acquainted them. That the House, having received Information of the said riotous Proceedings, did expect that they should go immediately and give the proper Orders for preserving the Peace, and dispersing the Crowd who were assembled about the Passages leading to the House; and that they should return, and give the House an Account of what they had done.

And then they withdrew.

And, after some Time, the House being informed that the said Justices were again attending; they were called in; apd, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That they had endeavoured to put the Orders of the House in Execution; and had proposed to read the Riot Act, but were prevented; and were totally unable to do any thing further towards keeping the Peace.

And the Sheriffs of London and , being

Members of this House, were requested to go themselves, and endeavour to disperse the said Crowd.

And they went accordingly.

And being returned; they, in their Places, informed the House, That they had been amongst the People, and persuaded several of them to go away; that they had di-rested the High Constable to get an additional Number of Constables; that they had lent for the Under Sheriffs, who were coming with further Assistanqe of the Civil Power; that at present the Crowd were considerably dif-perfect; and what remained seemed exceedingly quiet; and that they were of Opinion, that the House need not any longer defer proceeding upon Business.

Privilege. Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read,'for the Attendance of Brass , Esquire, Lord Mayor

ot, the City of London, in his Place:

And the said Lord Mayor attending accordingly;

A Motion was made, That Brass Esquire,

Lord Mayor of the City of London, having discharged out of the Custody of One of the Messengers of this House, J. Miller (for whom the Newspaper, intituled, The London Evening from March 7, to

" Saturday, March 9, 1771," purports to be printed, and of which a Complaint was made in the House of Commons, on the 12th Day of this Instant March, and who, for his Contempt, in not obeying the Order of this House, for his Attendance on this House upon Thursday the 14th Day of this Instant March, was ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, attending this House.; and who, by virtue of the Speaker’s Warrant issued under the said Order, had been taken into the Custody of the said Messenger) and having signed a Warrant against the said Mclfenger for having executed the said Warrant of the Speaker, and having held the said Messenger to Bail for the fame, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

The Lord Mayor withdrew.

Vol. 33*

Then the Question being put;

Resolved, That Brass Crosby, Esquire, Lord Mayor of

the City of London, having discharged out of the Custody of One of the Messengers of this House, J. Miller (fof whom the Newspaper, intituled, " The London Evening " Post, from Thursday, March 7, to , March 9,

" 1771," purports to be printed, and of which a Complaint was made in the House of Commons, on the 12th Day of this Instant March, and who, for his Contempt, in not obeying the Order of this House, for his Attendance on this House upon Thursday the 14th Day of this Instant March, was ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, attending this House, and who, by virtue of the Speaker’s Warrant, issued under the said Order, had been taken into the Custody of the said Messenger) and having signed a Warrant against the said Messenger, for having executed the said Warrant of the Speaker, and having held the said Messenger to Bail for the lame, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Brass Cro/by, Esquire, Lord Mayor of the City of London, and a Member of this House, be, for his said Offence, committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The Lord Mayor was heard in his Place.

And then he again withdrew.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Custody of the " Serjeant at Arms attending this House," and infelting the Words " Tower of London" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That she Words M Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House," stand Part of the Question:

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tower " of London" be inserted instead thereof)

It was resolved in the Affirmative

Then the main Question, so amended, being put, That Brass Crosby, Esquire, Lord Mayor of the City of Lotidon, and a Member of this House, be, for his said Offence, committed to the Tower of London;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Ttl, nfor, hcY^^W.

TcHers for ,he Noes, . } «

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine Obstro&iont into the several Fads and Circumstances relative to the 10 late. Obstructions to the Execution of the Orders of this . e

House; and to consider what further Proceedings may co»m»ttee be requisite to enforce a due Obedience thereto; and to be that they do report their Proceedings, together with their appointed. Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be One and Twenty.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of Balloting.

And it being after Twelve of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, this Day, at Two of the Clock, prepare Lifts to be put into dalles, of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table, and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That a Committee be 4 E appointed,

'I

/ !

New

Short ham Ete&km.

Herring

Fishery.

Militia,

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Thames

Embankment.

(Durham

Yard)

29a 270- — 28* M A. 1771.

appointed, to enquire into the Causes andf Occasions of OrdThat Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a the Riots and Tumults of the Persons, who assembled on Motion.

Monday last, Yesterday, and this Day, in the Avenues And he moved the House accordingly.

leading to this House, and attacked the Persons of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven- silk

Members coming to attend their Duty in Parliament. night, the 10th Day of next, resolve itself into a Maoufadar*.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Solicitor Ge- Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, neral. General Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, inti-Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- tuled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign ber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and Records* and all who come to the Committee, are to ( for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen cm-have Voices. ployed in the Silk Manufact ure.

Ordered, That the Bill to incapacitate John Charles Hannington, Brands Thomas

grove, John Pedman Junior, Ralph Moor, Thomas

Jons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Rob inf on, William Cheesman, Richard Blair, George Brozone, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers, Samuel John

Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, John Matthias Truster,

Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, James

Robinson, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflefh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings', John Snook Junior, Richard,

William 7 urner, Walter Sazvyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathanael Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooler, Thomas Fwjl, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durr ant, Emery Churcher, John fVorton, Walter- Broad, Thomas Hollingham, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Sa Clement Freeman, William Lajfeter, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar otherwise Miller, William Newnham1, Jeffery Carver, Thomas Ro-

binfon, Randall Button, Janies Carver, John Martin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Robinson, and Henry

Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, be read a Second Time upon this Day Fort-

night, the nth Day of April next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the House this Day, Upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight, the i 1 th Day of April next.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishciy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 9th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the Tenth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Seven-night, the Tenth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for embanking a certain Part of the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of and Coun-

ty of Middlesex, be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 9th Day of April next.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 8* die Martii;

Anno ii0 Georgii IIIlil Regis, 1771. Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and JljL Mr. Cuddon .*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Cut* or Canal, from in the County of Derby, through or near Worksop and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near Stockwith, in the County of Nottinghamj without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Lantriffent, and also the Road leading from Newbridge to a Place called The Old , all in

the County of Glamorgan without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, Township, and' Manor, of Oxenhope, in the Plrish of Bradford, and County of York; without' any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Billj intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Town-ships of North Mujkham, Holme, and Bathley, in the Pa-

rifli of North Mufkham, in the County of Nottingham j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to Griudleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; and the Roads l'eve-rally leading from Bamford Wood Gate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Poll on Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Hetherfage Moor, and to the Village of Darzvent, in the said County of Derby j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford

Bridge,

Chesterfield,

&c.

Canal.

Lantriffent,

Zee.

Road.

Oxenhopc,

kc.

Inclosure.

North

Mufkham,

&c.

Indofarc.

Wefhninfier

Paving.

Penistone Bridge. &c-Roads.

Birmingham

to

Warmington,

Ac.

Roads.

11 Geo. III.

-a 8° MartiL

291

Bridge, in the said County; without arty Amendment: And also,

Stafford, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act loctofare for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures, within the Liberties of Stapleford and Bram in the County of Nottingham i without any Amendment t And also, '

Tardebigj, The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled,-An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Common-coure. a5J0 Grounds, and Walies, called Hedditch Common and Webb Heath* situate in that Part of the Manor of Tar-debigg which lies in the County of ILftrcfter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,-Broadway, The Lords havq agreed to the Bill, intityled, An Act

Inclosure. ^or c^,v,"m§ ar>d inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor of in the County of Worcesteri without any Amendment: And alto,

Lanf&c. r The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Faring. *or Paving and regulating Ko/emary Lane* from the Parifiv r,ate* Hotolph Ala gate, to > Street*, also the laid

Cable street* the Foot Path, in JLcwe. Part of the

Precmd of kHellclofe, the Street leading from tngale Lane, to Rauiiffe Butcher -How, and Brook St)eel, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages opening into the fame; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; without any Arxaendment: And' also,

we# u.in|ti)« The Lords have agreed to the Bill, 1 ntituled, An Act The Devizes, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an y^ft, made in the ic. Twenty — fourth Year of King George the Second,' for

Road, repairing the Road leading from VTe/i- JLavington to The Devizes, and from The Devizes to 6'ce-te-jcd, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: >\nd also,

Feckenham, The Lords have agreed to the Bill> intituled, An Act * for dividing and inclosing the Open and'Common Fields, loclofore. Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Beanhall Fields,\n tYie Manor and Parish of F'echenka*1, m*hc County of Wore ester; without any Amendment: Atkl alfd,

Mrs. The Lords have agreed to the'Bdl, intituled^An Ad Muloi fa dividing and tnclonng the Open and - Common lndatutt. r-u„ Com*0?*1 Meadows, and Commonable -Lands and Grounds in the Parish of in the County of jVorvtick; without any Amendment: And

Holland The Lor<^8 ^ave aSree(^ to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ward ' fa dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called locWuie. Holland fjlard otherwise Ho Ward, in the County of Derby without any Amendment: And also,

Shelley’* The* Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eftuei! Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Shelley, Baronet, anti of the Right honourable John Shelley his Son, in the several Counties of Kent and Wilts, and also of a Farm, called Kingsham Farm, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Sussex; and for apply- ing the Monies, to arise by such Sale, in Discharge of the Portions of the Daughters of the said "Sir John Shelley, affecting the Estates of him and his said Son; and for other Purposes j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Flitcroft’s The Lords have passed a BiH, intituled, An Act for £ftuc>. confirming a Conveyance to Henry Flit croft, Esquire, of certain Estates, in the County of purchaliwi by

the Trustees in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Goring, Esquire, and Fanny his Wife: and for confirming a Conveyance, made by the said Henry to the Use of the same Trustees, of other Estates, in lieu thereof, in the County of Surrey; to which the Lords p ,. , de^e the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Westminster *he Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Leasehold], ^Pable the surviving Trustee named in the Settlement of William Pulteney, Esquire, and Frances his Wife, to . £rat|t Leases of their Leasehold Estate in *

V°L. 33.

to which the Lords, desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, .

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Cc-Welli*’* veiling Part of the Estate late of Nicholas , Esquire, £state*.

deceased, at Wiveniot and Elnrfed, id the County of Essex* in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to.discharge Incumbrances; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengen withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for regulating and improving the Tweed Fisheries, in the River of Tweed, and the Rivers and Tileries. Streams running into the fame, was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries, in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their'Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Boston Fen mon Fen belonging to Boston Westin the County of *nc o Bre* Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Thus tire Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to BoflonlVeft, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Robert Beitic do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing jmd inclosing the Com- Skirbeck mon Fen belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish, of *Bclosure. Skirbeck* and County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:. And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish . of *

and County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire, their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pnlteoey’s to enable the surviving Trustee named in the Settlement of William Pulteney* Esquire, and Frances his Wife, to "e 0 ’*

grant Leases of their. Leasehold Estate in West min fter, was read the First Time; .

Resolved* That: the Bill be read a Second Time-

Ordered, That Mr. Moriee have Leave to go into the Lc*ve of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Abfeoce.

Ordered, That General Mackay have Leave to go into Ditto, the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Sc- Fitz Gerald’» cond Reading of the Bill for diverting out of the Estate.

Crown, and to veil in Gerald Fitz Gerald, of Rat krone, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland*

Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee, of and in several Lands in Ireland, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack- -worth. Lord Frederick Campbell,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor or Com- glm Moor mon called ElvctMoor, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in (S< Oswald)

the County Palatine of Durham* and for extinguishing Indofute. all Right of Common in certain Intercommon Laods in the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick

2$2 28° Mariit. 1771,

derick Campbell, Mr. Gra, &c.: And they are to meet

this afternoon* at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vifc* An ingfofled Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Primrafc’t Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session

’> Estate. in Scotland, to fell certain Parts and Portions of the

Estate and Barony of Carrington, in the County of Edinburgh, which formerly belonged to Hugh Lord Viscount Prmrofe, deceased, and now to Neil Earl of Roseberry, for Payment of the Debts of the hud Viscount* was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Garlies, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber.

Clerkenwell Mr. 'Thomas townjkend.Junior, reported from the (S'John) Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, was referred} That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* Sir George Poole, Baronet, and Heaton Wilkes, Esquire, being teverally examined, said. That frequent Outrages and Felonies happen in the said Parish, in the Night Time; and that ’ if a well-regulated Watch were kept there* it would tend greatly to the Safety of the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets* Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for keeping up and regulating a Nightly Watch within the said Parish.

I He of Wight A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of

Poor, Sec. tj,e Poor of the Parishes of Brooke, Brixton,

Cari/brooke, Saint Helens, Shalfleet, Gat combe,

Arreton, Godskill, and Newchvrch, in the Ifie of Wight,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed* was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for eftahltshing a House or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said island; and setting forth* That the Inhabitants of the said Parishes are in general Farmers and Graziers, who employ great Numbers of poor Persons in the Cultivation of the said Farms, and are well satisfied with the present Mode of laying on and collecting the Poor Rates, and maintaining and employing the Poor in the said Parishes; and it is apprehended, that the said Bill will be very prejudicial and injurious to the said Parishes: And therefore praying the House, that the said Parishes may not be included in the said Bill; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Cotihfel, against the said Bill; or {nay be otherwise relieved, in such Manner as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Count'd, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit C'ounfel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition, - -

A Bill for repairing* widening, and keeping in Re- Pembroke, pair* several Roads, leading from to the &c-

Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston - 01 *

ing, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloane,

Mr. Fuller,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Wem the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading to Chirk,4c. from Wem, in the County of Salop, to or near Ro4ds'

in the County of Denbigh, from Horto Kncckin and Llanymynech; and also the Road from the End of Cotton Wood to Whitcknrck, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame, to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for cleansing, lighting,' and watching, the fe- Edinburgh veral Streets, and other Passages, on- the South Side of the City of Edinburgh; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas,

Lord Frederick Campbell,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Briekdak reported from the Committee* to whom Ubly

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Inclosure^ Lands And Waste Grounds, withia the Manor and Parish of Ubly, in the County of Somerset, was committed;* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Eftatfcs of die Annual Value of £.113. 10s.whorefufed to sign the Bill; and also except One other Proprietor of an Estate of the Annual Value of £. 9, who could not be found; and that the Whole-of the Lands intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of £.607. roi.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable Tenants for Life to borrow Money. ' >

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

’ Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Persons to assign Mortgages.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

n Ge6. III.

28" Mar Hi.

393

Loans

or

Exchequer

Eilis.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raffing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer B IJs, for the Service of the Year 177 1» was committed,) the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the CJerlc’.s Table: Where rnc Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Hackney Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report from

Coaches, tho Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for licensing an additional Number of fTackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising the reby, was committed.

- Mr. Cooper accordingly reported ni the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the I3i 11, and which they had <J i reefed to be rer ported to the House; and he read t lae Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Talole: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a. Second Time, One by One; and, xspon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Road.

Ordered,

mgrossed.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Mountfield, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the: &c-

Turnpike Road at Vine hall, in the Parish of,

in the County of Stiff ex, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence'to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Berkley; and from Staple Cross to Longley's Water Com Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Comer to the Town of Rye, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined die Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and hi read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the 00611100 severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

I.

A Message from Hisl Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly- Royal

That the Bill, with the -Amendments, be neux. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Cattle, Ordered, That the Order of the T> a.-y, for the Second

Sic.Reading of the Bill to prohibit the ELac-portation of Live (Protiitoni.) Cattle, and other Flesh Provisioas, from Great Britain,

, for a limited Time,:be now read. .;

And the said-Order being read aeoordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill he v«end a Second Time upon 'lue/dciySevennight, the ISlinth Day of

next. ’

Wtdmtrn . A " Bill for ^"’iding and mc\of\ng the Open Arable Violate. Y\e\ds ^deadews,. Commons, and Waste Grounds, in T>\r\fh Mifterton, in t\.\e County of Nottingham, C ml a Second Time. 1 > ,

^R *efolded,^bat the Bill be committed to Mr.

-Sit George Savile,&c.- And they are to meet thvs* Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

HhcrotV. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An fcftaws. £or confirming a Conveyance to Henry

El'quire, of certain Estates in the County of York, purchased by the Trustees in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Goring, Esquire, and Fanny his Wife; and for confirming a Conveyance made by the said Henry Fht-erect, to the Use of the same Trustees, of other Estates in lieu thereof, in the County of was read the

First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hand Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Cross, &c. the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Road. HandCross, to Coma- Hoise, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from to and

from Corner House aforesaid, to The , in the

Town of HetifieU, in the County of Sufex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true»and that foe Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed mm to report to the House; and lie read the Report in h,s Place; and afterwards delivered-the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the >°l. 33-

Mn Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to atr tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned; , -' .

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers ;, where His Majesty was pleased to give) the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; vizi . An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; ind to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and Others who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited.by Law,-and forgiving further Time for rthofc Purposes: ,

'An Act to enable Lunatics, entitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Committees, to acfcept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones 1 .

An Act to amend, and render thore effectual, several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of IVtJlminffer, and Parts adjacent:

An Act for amending certain of the Mile Ways leading to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance through the Parish of Saint; for rebuilding ot repairing Magdalen Bridge; for. making commodious Roads from the said Bridge, through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within thb said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like foi the future; for empowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets, within the said City; and for other Purposes:

An Act for paving I Yapping Street, in the County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the same; and for removing all Encroachments and Obstructions therefrom; and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Sheet 4 F into

A (Tent to Bills*

a 8° Mar tit.

2 94

A. 1771.

into Nightingale Lane, and for paving such Passage, and the Ealt Side of Nightingale Lane:

An Act for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the Parish of Saint Bololph, ,to Cable Street,

all'o the said Cable Street, the Foot Path in Back Lane, Part of the Precinct of Wellclose, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane, to Ratcliffe Cross, Butcher Row, and Brook Street; and the several Streets, Lanes, and Paf-lages opening into the fame; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future:

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers; and for regulating the Manner of Taxing Churches and other public Buildings, within the Limits of the said Act:

An Act for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, through or near Worksop and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near Stockwish, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Con* fervators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level; and for laying Taxes upon the Lands within the said North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowlaud:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road form the Turnpike Gate in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn, and from Moflyn to,

and from Uanerch y Mor to Pen y Fordd IVaen, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, and for extending the said Act to several other Road* in the said Counties, and the County of Carnarvon; and for taking several Roads within the said Counties out of the Power of the Trustees, appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act:

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing several other Roads in this Act mentioned:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield} and from Beadles aforesaid, to the Town of Lindfield-, and from the Turnpike Road, between

Cuckfield and Crawley, to the Town of Horsham; and also the Road from Swingate, in the Pari ill of Burwafh, to Shaver Green, in the Parish of all in the County of Sussex:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes-, in the said Riding:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cratnond Bridge to the Town of -ferry, in the County of Linlithgow:

An Act for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the

Town of IVitnty, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penifione Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; and the Roads severally leading from Bamford Wood Gate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Moor,

and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of Derby:

An Act to continue and render more effectual. Three Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King Georg* the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Bir-

mingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, lb far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads lead- ing to the Town of Lentrifient -, and also the R,oad lead- Ing from Newbridge, to a Place called The Old Furnace j all in the County of Glamorgan:

_ An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from West -vington, to The Devizes, and from The Devizes, to Seend, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for rendering valid and effectual certain Ar-> tides of Agreement, bearing Date the 21st Day of July 1770, made between Frances Countess Dowager of Londonderry, Philip Earl Stanhope, and others; and for veiling several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Wilts, in Trustees, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned:

An Act for rendering effectual an Exchange of certaift Lands, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of in the County of Southampton, for certain other Lands in the said Parish of Avington, belonging to the Moll honourable the Marquis of Carnarvon:

An Act to enable Francis Charteris, Esquire, here*-tofore called Francis Wemyfs, and the Heirs of his Body, and several other Persons therein named, and\ the Heirs' of their respective Bodies, to retain, assume, and figri, the Name of Charteris, and to bear the Arms of Charteris, and to hold and enjoy the Estate therein mentioned, notwithstanding the Descent to him or them respectively of the Honour and Title of Wemyfs, or any other Honour or Title whatsoever:

An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a certain Piece of inclosed Land, in the Parish of Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and Diocele of London, for other inclosed Land, Parcel of the Glebe of the said Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between Benjamin Underwood, Clerk, Matter of Arts, Rector of the said Parish of Eafi Barnet, and John Pybus, Esquire:

An Act for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of Charles MacarthyMore, deceased, and making the same

Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Alvefion, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, within the IVfcnor and Parish of Aston Subedge, in the County of G/oucefier:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Pasture, called Myton Carr, in the Lordship of Myton,' in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Downs, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of East Garfton, in the County of Berks

An

11 Geo. III.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of , in the

Parish of Baktrzve/l, in the County of Derby

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open and Common Grounds, within the Township of Liftit, in the Pari Hi of Beef, otherwise , in the East: Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Priejlwood Common, in the Parishes of , and

Mcynell Langley, or fbme of them, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and~Cotn-mon Fields, Cow Pastures, logs. Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of West Ashby, within the Manors of Horncastle and West in the County of Lincoln:

n ^or dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several Open Pields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Kt/ham on the ,in the County of

York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common and Waste Ground, called ZZ'he Chitwoods,

1° *"e Township or Hamlet of Ho?-rtinglow, in the Parish of Bur/on, in the County of Stafford -An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common, or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Hamlets of" Stapenhill and IVin/hill, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Jkr*stflures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the several Hamlets of Strut on, Horttinglow, Bond End, and r anfton, within

the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the dounty of ford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the -several Pastures, within the Township of Hetton, in the 'F>arith of Burnfal, and West Riding of the County of York .*

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, and Commonable Grovinds, within the Manor and Pariftt of South Rest on, in the County of

A.£t for ^Wlc^no an<i mcloling the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds v/ith'n Manor and Parish of Boothby Graff the County of Lincoln: ^M, JAn Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and un-WWed Fields, hands, Commons, and Wastes, within tW Minor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York and also a certain Common, called Tltroxenby Moor otherwil'e Newby Moor, within the same Riding:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Melton, in the Parish of , in the East Riding of

the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and the Common or Heath, called Heath, and

other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Donington, in the County of Salop: An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Holland Ward, otherwise Hollin Ward, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields* and Commonable Lands, within the^Manor of Broadway, in the county of :

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Commonable Grounds, and Wastes, called Redditch Common and Webb Heath, situate in that Part of the Manor of Tar debigg which lies in the County of W er* an<^ for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures, within the liberties of Staple fond and , in the County of

Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and ommon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

w.33.

295

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Butler's Marston, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Beanhall Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Feckenham, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, Township, and Manor, of Oxenhope, in the Parish of Bradford, and County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of North Mujkham, Holme, and Bathiey, in the Parish of North Mujkham, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, North-wold, Wretton. Were ham. West Dereham, and Roxham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for naturalizing John Peter Du,

John Daniel Navi/le, John Peter Eynard, David Chollet, and John Zacharias Gericken:

An Act for naturalizing Augustine Noverre.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shelley’* for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Shelley, Eft*te,‘ Baronet, and of the Right honourable John Shelley, his Son, in the several Counties of Kent and Wilts; and also of a Farm called Kittgfham Farm, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of SuJJ'ex; and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale, in Discharge of the Portions of the Daughters of the said Sir John Shelley, affecting the Estates of him and his laid Son; and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Orders That the other Orders of the Day be now read; of the

The House divided. Dajf'

The Noes went forth.

Tilers for tlle Yeas,} ?5.

SLord George Caven- 1

dish,> 30:

Mr. Montagu: 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for Privilege, the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee, who are appointed to examine into the several Fasts and Circumstances relative to the late Obstructions to the Execution of the Orders of this House; and to consider what further Proceedings may be requisite to enforce a due Obedience thereto; and to report their Proceedings, together with their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, proceed to the Appointment of the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this,

House, do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon tfre Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned j

The Order made this Day, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glasses, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over according to that Order, those who then appeared, fe-

vcrally

28° Martii.

2^6 28° — 30°

verallyput the Lifts, by them, prepared, into the Glasses, at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared; and, in like Manner, put the Lifts by them prepared, into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts; and to report to the House upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. , Lord Burgherjb,&c.: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Whale Rfolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-Fishery. tj,e Ninth Day of April next, resolve itself into

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Support and Establishment of the and

Whale Fishery.

East India ' Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-i'orce'^ niSl>b the Eleventh Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more efiedlually railing a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the Company.

f hher/ Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the several Laws nowin being, for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Sail all, 3 o° die Mar lit;

t

Anno xi° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1771.

1 >

Prayers.-.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. TX. Cuddon: >

Mr. Speaker, 1 ' f

Smyth’s The Lords have passed a Bill* intituled, An Act for Etlate. confirming a Deed of Trull,«dated the 31st of

1770, and for the more effedubl. enabling the Trustees to raise the Sum of f. 9,000 for the Purposes therein mentioned, by Mortgage or Salt of the Freehold Estate of George Smyth the Elder, and George Smyth the Younger, Esquires, situate in the County of Gloucester, or of a competent-Part thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Andalfo,;

Bullock’s The Lords have passed a Bill* intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling certain'Freehold and Leafehuld Mills* Lands, and Tenements, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Joseph Bullock, Esquire, iii, Tryftecs, to convey and assign the same respectively, purfqant to an Agreement for tire Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money arifirg by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are mentioned in the said Settlement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, Frozgatt’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling the Manor of AJl ley., and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in

sley, and Bedford, in the County of La>u after, comprized in the Marriage Articles of Thomas apd

his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses, ujron the Trulls, and subject to the Towers, Provisoes,. and Rc-

Mdrtii. T: 177 t.

ftridlions therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the South Leith Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint s, Streets,

and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining; and for supplying ic‘

the several Parts thereof with fresh Water, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas, Mr. Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. i

Ordered, That - Mr. Edmonstone do make the Report-Livingstone, from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the &c.

Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Roads. Ydar.of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Ha-

milton, to the Town of Stra!haven-, and for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of

Stratliaven, in the County of Lanark, was committed.

Mr. Edmonstone accordingly reported from the said Comrriittec,-That the Committee,.had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true ? and that the Committee had gone tbryUghthei Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; -and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered th.e Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiotj severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Qafcoyne re.por.ted from the Committee, to whom stanwtH the Bill to empower Sir John Gibb to shut up the Foot Paths.

Foot Paths, over certain Lands in the Parish of St anted!, in the County of Middlesex, and to- extinguish all Claims and Right of Common in and over the said Lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons. to make and keep in Repair a Foot Path in lieu thereof; and to veil certain Premises and a Sum of Money in Trustees, for the Ulj* of the Poor of the-(aid -Parish, was committed; That she Committee had examined the Allegations of the

Bill, and, found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given, their Con fen t to fuclv Part of the Bill as relates to extinguishing the Right of Common (except Michael Crew, whose Property in the said Parish amounts to about Four Pounds a Year, who refused to sign the Bill, but said he would do as the rest did) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto> which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivereej the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Titpc, One by One;

nd, upon the Question severally putj thereupon, were agreed to by the House.-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

Refolded, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjounnwn. i House this Day, adjourn to Tuesday Sevcnnight, the 9th Pay of April next.

The Lord Burgherfh reported from the Committee, Privileges, who were appointed to examine the Lists of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee appointed to examine

﻿ii Geo. III.

30° Martii — rf

*97

mime into the several Fastsat)d Citcumff®'Ilces r5?a^ve the late Obstructions to the Execution of the Order? of this House; and to consider what further Proceedings may be requisite to enforce a <1 ueOhedienice tbAceto, and to rejjort to the JToufe upon which Tivocdt y-oae Porione the Majority fell; That the Camouflage h»d examined /the same accordingly; and had d'uoSted him to oaport the tame, as it appeared to them, to the Jrlcuife; apd fae read the JReport in his Place; and afterward s dd i vered it in at the Clerk’s Table .: Whene the same was lead; and is as followeth; vises.

The Committee find, that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons;

The Right honourable Welbore Ellis, - - - - 125

Mr. Solicitor General, - - - - ---125

Mr. Attorney General, - ---123

Jeremiah Esquire, - -- - - 118

Rose Fuller, Esquire, - - - - _ .

The Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliott Baronet, 117 Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, --- - _ - -n4

Sir IV 1 Ilians Bagot, Baronet, - - -- _ - -114

The Right honourable Hans , - _

Sir Thomas Clavering, Baronet, - —

Robert Henley Otsglcy, Esquire, - - -Thomas Dc Grey, Esquire, - - - - _

The Right honourable Lord John CavendiyZt - - 107 The Right honourable Cord George Sack*zs£/le Germain, - - - _ - - 107

The honourable John Yorke, - - - - _ - . 107

The honourable Charles Marsham, - 106

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, - 105 Doflor H^illiafn Burrell,----- — - - 104

John Buller of Exeter, Esquire - - - - 102

Sir Roger Newdigate, Baronet, - - .101

'Frederick Edontagu, Esquire, - - - - 99

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Seven of them, do meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Periot®, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee Via.ve Leave to fit, notmthstanding an>' Adjournment of the House.

- - 112

- - in-

- - 111

- - 111

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Frogg«tt», for veiling the Manor of AJlley, and certain Messuages, Estate-Lands, Tenements, ancTHereditatnents in Tylef-

ley, and Bedford, in the County of , comprized

in the Marriage Articles [of Thomas Froggatt and Hannah his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses, upon the Trusts, and fybjedt to the Powers, Proyifoes, and restrictions therein mentioned, was read the Firtl Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smyth’s for confirming a Deed of Trull, dated the 31 ft of December 1770, and for the more effectual enabling the Trustees to raise the Sum of£.9,000, for the Purposes therein mentioned, by Mortgage or Sale of the Freehold Estate of George Smyth the Elder, and George Smyth the Younger, Esquires, situate in the County of

or of a competent Part thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Herring whole House, to consider further of the several. Laws Fishery. now in being for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edmonstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 9th Day of April next.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night, the 9th Day of April next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Money Refo l-ved, TJf Vlbub^ be,

iftiedby That Hew\U be grac\ously pleased to give

A&dit&t. ryutfv\onS that ^iere be laid before this House, an Account of »\\ Sums of Money which have been issued, by Rh Ma.\efky’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Par-

Ordered That the said Address he presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Nloft honourable Privy Council.

Mart is, 9* die;

Anno na Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Snaith A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common lucloljarc. Fields, Common Pastures, and other Lands, in the Townftiipof Great Heck, and Hamlet of Little Heck, in the Parish of Snaith, and the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. coyne, Mr. LafceUes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bollock* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling certain Freehold and I.caiehold Mills, Lands, f-r Cnements’ comPr>zed in the Marriage Settlement oxjojepk Bullock, Esquire, in Trustees, to convey and , '8n riie same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement L l"e( Safe thereof; and for laying out the Money tV ,n^ - Lich Sale in the Purchasc of other Lands and erc ’laments, to be settled to the same Uses as are ln *be said Settlement, was read the First

\oL Ve^* ^hat rite Bill be read a Second Time.

33*

0RDERED, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to London whom the Bill for consolidating, extending, and render- Sewers, ing more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts Street*, Sec. of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares,

Yards, Courts, Alleys, Railages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feverjl Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

4 G tion

298 9°

tion severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Drain shall be made to injure the Sewers near Saint Paufs.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

1771.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Artiendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens (From the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the 31st December 1770.

And the Title of the said Estimate was ready

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

0

Navj

Eftinute.

11 Geo. III.

9° Aprilis.

the Debt of His 1 tionedj as it Hood on the 31st December 1770.

299

Navy Office, 7 An EST I Nl AT E of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter men-

4th February 1771. I

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, fc?r. sup-piied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course,' for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores _ ______ ___ _____

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1 as also to several Bills Exchange - -

'To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the

Ordinary and Extraordinaty - -.....,

For Halt Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his Jate Majesty in Council on that Behalf - -

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on r lie Books of Ships paid off 1 o Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1770 *

To discharge and pay off all the Bi 11s entered in Courlc, for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon’s Necessaries, Free Gifts, &c. ——

Vi»5tualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners i

JDuc for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have t>een paid off - -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course - - -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were nude out or\ the aforesaid 31

17 70 - -- - — - -.....-

For N ecessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange* and Contingencies —

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the Ports - — —

Stch. and Hurt -, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; r the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and Prif©netS ^ar’ an<^ Contingencies relating to the said

Office - " ..... ——

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Eight hundred Forty-seven thousand Eight hundred and Seven Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing -

From whence deducing the Money in’!

the Treasurer’s Hands - - ----- f as on the other

And also the Money that remained to f Side come in of the Supplies r----- J------

The Debt will then be One million Four hundred Ninety-seven thousand Four hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings ——

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports between the1 of January 1770, and 31st December following -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between the 1 January 1770, and the 31 ft of December following, amounts to -

For which Sum of £.23,925. *4' 61* no Provision has been made by Parliament; but, if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Net Debt of the Navy will then be One Million Four hundred Seventy-three thousand Five hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence - -

Particulars.

c s% d.

55°»379 14 I

29,803 I 4

66,540 9 8

183,755 0 0

56>38 3 18 81

165,265 I 41

349,640 2 6

5»>356 12 4

17,671 I 3

333,608 II 5

12,297 2 6

2,488 8 11

14*479 18 6J

206,837 18 9 i43>5»5 1 Si

10,494 10 1

G,431 4 4i

}I- PalliJJcr.J. William.

Vou 33-

Total.

s.

886,86a 3 gl

_^66,act 16. 2}

380,545 a Ji

14,138 4 i

1,847,807 6 8J

| 35°>353 o 3s

1 >497*454 6 4*

23,925 14 6J

i,473»528 11 10

E.Mason. T. Brett

Memorandum:

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Tfeafurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1770, in Money, as undermentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

o

o

g

cq‘

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

Oo

era

FT

In what Treasurer’s Hands.

Right Honbl* George 7 Dodington, Esq' - - J

Right Honbu George 1 Grenville, Esq' - - - j

Right Honbl* William 1 Lord Viscount Bar- i rington - ----- - J

Right Hohb)e RJ Lord 1 Viscount Hoive - - j

Right Honble Sir Gil- 1 bert Elliot, Bar' - - 3

IN MONEY. On the Heads of - TOTAL.

r > Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Tran (ports. Seamen’s Wages. \ Victuals.

% d. £. t. £. s. 1. s. d.

In Money - - . - -- -- -- 4,811 5 L458 5 11 i 63J 11 5 8«oq8 12 84

D® towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - -- - 97 9 11 - i

In Money - - -- - 7,392 16 71 I3>^73 9 21 2,379 19 2 '1*102 I toi

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - 4 ---- 5

In Money - 7^35 1 11 ' 11,811 0 1,526-11 3} 7 20% C06 12 lOl

D® towards the Debt for, Sick and Hurt Seamen - -- - - -- -- - 223 18 ni ---- 1

14,274 5 3 23,403 10 3 3,007 17 4i 7 ^0,766 4. 10I

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 80 11 iii ----- - }

26,716 n 0 83.283 0 3i *»491 9 9* 7 TI2.77A 6 6

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - -- - , 1 1,283 5 4i

» 62,230 0 3 J- *35.57° 8 8f 9,037 9 206,837 18 91

There remained, on the 31st December 1770, to coma in, from the Exchequer, of the Supplies 1770

£. s.

H3.515 1 Si

O

Hitidp ,6

t

9 ,

n Geo. III. 9 ' Apri301

Ordered That the said Estimate do He "^P0!1 the Table, to be perut'ed by the Members of the House.

'ifhwnt The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the * Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotlto fell certain Parts and Portions of the Estate and Barony of , in the County of Edinburgh, which formerly belonged to Hugh Lord Viscount Erimrofe, deceased, and now to Neil Earl

of Roseberry, for Payment of the Debts of the said Vif-

counr, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, ’TU^t the Lord Advocate of Scotland do the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. 1

Peebles &c. Roads.

An mgrossed Bill for repairing and wide ning the Roads' from the Town of Peebles, to the King's Elat edge, and to Gate hope, K.noivburnfoot, and to the T of of

t_° Code head, in the County of Pe^A?/es, was read the Ihird Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Burton Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Paf- Daffett ture Grounds, Lammas Grounds, and Commonable *ncJolurc' Lands, within the Hamlets and Liberties of Knhhtcot

o

and North End, in the Parish of Burton DaJJetl, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds,

Lammas Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets and (Liberties of Knighted and North End, in the Pari 111 of Burton Dajfett, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipivitk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bullock's for veiling certain Freehold and Leasehold Mills, Lands, and Tenements, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Joseph Bullock, Esquire, in Trustees, to convey and assign the same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are mentioned in the said Settlement, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Burke, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Afor' repairing and wideniraj^ the Roads from the Town of Peebles, to the King's and to

Gat eh ope, Knozvburhfoot, and to the Top of Minchmoor, and to Eochhead, in the County of

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of* Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their ^Concurrence.

Sttcuon Mr. Skipwithreported from the Committee, to whom

enAt Pofi Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and scowt. £otnmon "Fields, called Stretton Common Fields, and certain Common or Wide Grounds, called Stretton Heath, and Stretton Horse , in the Parish of Stretton on the F°fs' in the County of Warwick,'tins com-rhxtted That the Committee hacY examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that xYve VartieS concerned hac\ given their Consent to tWK\W to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Ferfbns, each of whom Vvave Half a Yard Land in the said Fields, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Yard Lands therein is 45 and an Half - and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto *, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

JSSfffr, An, ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open lodoCure. a.nc* Common Fields of Stretton under Fofs, in the Pa-. r‘lh of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Stretton under Fofs, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

1 Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

VOL. 33.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Froggatt* for veiling the Manor of Afilcy, and certain Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in lefley, and Bedford, in the County of com-

prized in the Marriage Articles of Thomas Froggatt, and Hannah his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses, upon the Trusts, and subject to the Powers, Pruvilbes, and Restrictions therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. WiI brail am Bootle, Mr. Kynaston, 8cc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill front the Lords, intituled, An Act Smyth’* for confirming a Deed of Trust, dated the 31st of December 1770, and for the more effectual enabling the Trustees to raise the Sum of £. 9000 for the Purposes therein mentioned, by Mortgage or Sale of the Freehold Estate of George Smyth the Elder, and George Smyth the Younger, Esquires, situate in the County of or of a component Part thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. well, Mr. Montagu, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effec- Market tual. Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign Harlwroogh, of King George the First, and the 19th Year of the Reign R0aj,. of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the county of ;

and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called the Fofs Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Alelton Mozvbray to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field,

Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, and render more effectual. Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the 19th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market liar-borough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the

4 H Road

%? 'K

y*

501 9°Aprilis. A.

Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place raised Tiilrng Gate, to a Road called the Fofs Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Milton Mowbray to the Guide Post in Saint Field,

Lace Her.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

Fl'tcroft’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act EiUtes. for confirming a Conveyance to Flilcroft, Esquire,

of certain Estates in tire County of York, purchal'ed by the Trustees in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Goring, Esquire, and Fanny his Wife; and for confirming a Conveyance, made by the said Henry to the Use

of the same Trustees, of other Estates, in Lieu thereof, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ubly An ingrossed^ Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-

inclosure. monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ubly, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ubly, in the County of Somerset. —

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Polteney’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EUaics. to enable the surviving Trustee, named in the Settlement of William Pulteney, Esquire, and Frances his Wife, to

grant Leafesof their Leasehold Estate in H'estminster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Townjhettd, See.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Wem, leading from If'em, in the County of Salop, to or near tcc-Chirk, in the County of Denbigh; from Horton to Knockitt and Llanymynech; and also the Road from the End of Cotton fVood to fVhitchurch, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bran y Garth; and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account shewing how the Money given for the DHpofitioa Service of the Year 1770 has been disposed of, distin- of Griau. guished under the several Heads, until the Ninth Day of April 1771; and the Part remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; vise.

9

Aa

w

o

t-

O)

Oo

9

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given (or k Tema\tv\n&

Wt 111° ^^l®lnguifticd under tIie fe*al Heads, until the 9th D

Arc of the with the Overplus thereupon*

O

ay of April r 7 7 r j and the ft

o

ea

4>

U

o

rj

a

T3

- <

n \

O

u,

b R V I c E S‘

j 4,287 Marines, from

For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof# *of 1 0 v *

J For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Ytfflr ijfo , Volf} OWT W(l

\ Towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, *fld OtflCf Wild *

r above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1770 - -

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy - -

{For Ordnance, Sea Service....

For Ditto, Lard service - -

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1769 ——

rFor defraying the Charge of 17,656 Men, for Guards, Garrisonr, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Gutrn/ey, for the Year 1770 ——

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca aftd Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded I {lands, a ad Africa, for the Year 1770 -

For defraying the Charge of itle Difference of Pay between the British and Irish EfiaWiffiment of 5 Battalions and Companies of Foot, serving in the isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded islands, for the Year 1770 - - i - -

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1770 - - . -

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay, for 365 Days, for the Year 1770, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battal ons reduced from 10 to 9 Companies, and who remained oo Half Pay at the 24th Day of December 1765 -

For Pensions to the Widows of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1770 -

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’a Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1770 -

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1770 -

Towards defraying the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1770 - -

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred to the^th Day of D/-cembir 1769, and not provided for by Parliament ——

To discharge Rich unsatisfied Claims'lnd Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due to the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajftl, by the Reports of tire Commissioners appointed for examining and Rating such Claim* and Demands

£ /. d,

790,400

4°6>38o 1 j |

283,687 — — 100,000 - — —

£ /. 4.

41,600 — - —

1^6,984 11 5

4 °>933 IO 8

£ /. 4.

624.992 %

38 3*4* 1 11

4*533 12 8

' 12,2*3 IS 6 i

4*513 l6 8

664 — —

123,233 2 6

1,289 I 3

112,423 4 7

235,264 10 9t

45»56s 12 —

Stt«» voted.

£ i, d.

1,580,467 ,

*49,518 1

*5+7*93* *1

Sum, paid.

£ '

Remains ro be paid.

1,580,467 1 11

249,518 2 1

*»547»93* if

NO

Q

<2

J-

LK>

o

s <

*8,) a;

g

cg

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o

oa.

?r

For maintaining and supporting the Cif0 F.stablHhment of Nova Statin, for the Year 1770

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Ellablifliinent of East Florida, and other Incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1769*0 the 24th of June 1770 - - - -fe - -

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of Wefi Florida, and other Incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of Juno 1769 the 24th of June 1770 ——

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other Incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1769 to the

24th of June 1770 * -.....- - - - - -1- - -

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1770 - -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Government of Senegambia, for the Year 1770 -

For maintaining and supporting the Bri'ijbTorts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa ——

To ash:l the Inhabitants of Barbados/ in defraying the Expence of cleansing the Channel, repairing the Mole, and rendering the Harbour there more safe and commodious ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has bem i/Tued by His Majesty’s Orders in pursuance of Addresses - -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been paid to several Persons in the County of Southampton, in Satisfaction of their Lodes and Expences, incurred pursuant to Orders of Council, for preventing the Spreading of the infectious Distemper among the Horned Cattle -Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trull reposed in them by Parliament -Towards carrying on and completing an additional Building, for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons -

To the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England, trading to the Levaht Seas, to affill the said Company in carrying on their Trade -Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th of March 1760, from the 31st of December 1769 exclusive, to the 31st of December 1770 inclusive -

To enable the Governors of the said Hospital to put out Apprentice such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th of March

1760 - - - - " " - - - . - *

For paying and discharging the Debt«, Annuities, fcfr. claimed upon the forfeited Estates of the late Earl of Cromarty, Francis Buchanan, Archibald Mac Donald, Francis Farqubarfon, Donald Mac Donald, late of Kinlockmoydart, Charles Stuart, Donald Cameron, Allen Cameron, Donald Mac Donald of Locbgary, and E van Mac Phtrj'on, or so much of the said Debts as Remain unfatified, &c, - - - - - =.

For the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, for the Year 1770 - - - . -

To make Compensation to Francis Dalby% Merchant, for the Damages he fuilained by the Stoppage and Loss of his Ship the Britannia at Mahon, by Order of the late Admiral Matthews, and for the Ule and Detainer of his ^>hip Francis, by the Commanders of His Majesty’s Fleets -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1769 - - - - - . -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1768, at Lady Day 1770 - , -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1768, at Michaelmas 1770 - - - - .

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1769 ——

Towards me extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an A<fl of Parliament 90 Georgii 3rt* - - - ' ' -

To pay efr and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,800,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 90 Georgii 3ti,f and charged upon the First

Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1770, together with the lUercft and Charges attending the same -To redeem and pay < ff the capital S ock of Annuities, after the Rate of 3. 10s. per Cent. cilablished by an Act 290 Georgii zdi

Tr the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed, and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the fevcrn.1 fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 10° Georgii 3' 1 ——

For Di {count oa prompt Payments by the Contributors to the said Lottery; for Rewards to the Bank of England for taking in Subscrip-ious and receiving

Contribution., pu Gant to the said Act ro° Georgii 3s L and fnr paving the Prizes in the Lid Lottery; and also for Reward*.and incident Charges attending

the preparing and dr.uxing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets and making oat Certificates in Lieu thereof -

4>239 — 5 ♦*39 —

4>75° 4»7S° —

4,800 — — 4,800 —

3,086 — — 3,086 —

1.885 4 — 1,885 4

5,550 5’55° —

13,000 — — 13,000 —

5,000 5,000 —

13,100 — — 13,100 —

796 7 6 796 7

2,000 — — 2,000 —

2,000 — 2,000

5,000 — 5,000 —

9,650 — 9,650 —

3,5°° 3»5°° —

72,000 — 72,000 —

6,998 IO 2 6,998 10

6,195 ® 11 -

46,463 12 8 46,463 12

144,223 2 9I 144,223 2

210,190 13 3t 210.190 13

5 5»°11 7 Sf 55>011- 7

5,005 18 5 005 ilT

1,840,600 9 ni 1,840,600 9

1,500,000 1,500,000 —

500,000 — — - 500,000 —

13,967 16 6 13,967 16

7,856,929 16 io£ 7.850,734 7

9 i

6,195

d.

8 11

VO

o

6,195 8 11

<1

1

0

r

£. i-

750,000 ---- —

t»500,000 -

i,8co, coo — —

S99.7°4 — — a99»375 6 6J

Ways and Means for answerujg the said Service*.

By the Malt Doty, continued A* 1770.

By 31. per Lib. on Land. % ,

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the next Aids to ot W

Parliament.

By a Lottery.

Of the Sinking Fund remaining in the Exchequer on 5th of Ja~ nnary 1770, for Disposition of Parliament.

The Surplus of D° for the Quarter ended 5th of April 1770, remaining for Disposition of Parliament.

Of the future Surplus of the said Sinking Fund.

Remaining in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces, for

Disposition of Parliament. „ r 1

The final Balance of the Account of the Eirl of KinnouU, formerly Paymaster General of the Forces.

Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the DispositlOfl 01 liament. x. r

Out of Money payable by the East-ladia Company, porfoant to an Act, 90 Georgii 3lli.

Out of the Produce of the several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Out of the Produce of the Duties upon Gom Senega and Gum Arabic, granted by an Act c° Georgii 3lli. - . , T„ ,

Out of monies arisen by Sale of Lands ito the Ceded Island.

Total Ways and Means.

Total Services.

Overplus of wui Meant.

773*240 l6 1

1,700,000

55*495 IS 8J

3.948 3 7

*3»596 5 lof

400,000 — —

20,000 — — _

1,228 5 *i

30,000 — — .

7,946,58*. *1 8

7,856,929 10 ioi

If 16 9l

Remain* of the Way* and Mean* oadUpof of { <w's.

Of the Sinking Fund - -....

Money tnfeo by Sale of Lands in the Ceded Ula.ids -

frm JM Stm "Pja ,s lbov' *

RcKJac is the Surplus of the Grants for the Year IJJO

93^39

2,21 +

9

16

95>*Si$ 8t

- 6,195 it

89,658 16

9f

Mtmrondum; The Arrears r„

which Money i« D?o^/upp, ic* "main'ng anp>

provided, arc as follow; viz.

For the late Marine Regiment*

For the late African Company’s Creditors

For GrwgVa Bills, Residue of 15,496. *9X. l +

Towards building a Lazaret

& '

- 10,506 5

90O 12

570 17

5,000 —

16,977 15

1.

10

7i

7i

Prtfented this 9th Day of A/ril 1771, by

W. Speer.

1

u>

O'

’Wu<¥ o6 III -oa0

Thtmes and lfis Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufedgby the Members of the House.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

1771.

Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Sene-gambidy for the Year 1771.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South and Cape

Rouge, for the Year 1771.

SALARIES.

per Annum*

Governor - - - -Chief Justice - - -Secretary of the Province Superintendant of Trade Two Ministers -

A School Master - -Moorish Interpreter Agent for the Province

CONTINGENCIES.

An armed Cutter for the Defence of the Traders in the River -

Duties, Presents, &c. to the Black Princes, and for contingent Expepces of the Province ——

Total -

£ s. d._

1,200 0 0

400 0, 0

200 0 0 -

200 0 0

200 0 0*

5° p , Q

100 0 0.

200 0 0*

1,000 0 0

2,786 0 9?-

6>336 0 9*

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of, and near, the Borders of the River of Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cmchlade, in the County of Wills; and letting forth, That, by the said Bill, Power is given for purchasing Houses, Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Use of the said Navigation, and to make Cuts, Roads, and Ways, through such Lands, and also to make Cuts or Canals out of the said River, which must be attended with an jpi-menl'e Expence, Danger, and Damage, to the Owners of Houses, Gardens, Orchards, Lands, Wharfs, and other Property; and that the Petitioners are advised, and apprehend, that no such Cuts as are intended-lire at all necessary for improving the Navigation of Che; laid River, which may be done much cheaper. With better Effect, and without injuring any Body, by o©ly: cleansing and removing the Obstructions made through the Length of Time in the present Track, by regulajtr. ing the Size and Burthen of Barges, by restoring the 5tops that were taken up, in Pursuance of an Act lately made, to the great Prejudice both of the Navigation and Fish of the said River, and by completing the Tciwing Paths, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-fourth Yliar of the Reign of his late Majesty: And therefore prtying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

8- *

until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Peti-tioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, upon their Petition, if thoy fit.

Ordered, Tftat Counsel beadmitted to be heaijd, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of- Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer,. on the Fifth Day of April 1771, disposeable by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House? an Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April 177 L'On the Two Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties. King7Fr/7//Vw« and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for-lhe Half Year fhen ended.

AlPetjtion of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Inhabitants of the City of Exetewas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that Application, has been made to the House, fori Leave to bring id a Bill to regulate and remove certain public Mar£ets;in the said City, and for that;Fur-pose to prarchafe a Plot of Ground-; and also to prevent thd Holding of the Markets in the High Street of the lai4 City, and to remove and prevent Annoyances irt the said City, and its Liberties; ’and that, by the said Bill, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the said City, are desirous of assuming to themselves sundry Powers, unlimited, and unusual in such Bills, and,

as

Senegambia

Account* ordered from the Exchequer.

Exeter

Markets.

ofjprilis.

ii Geo. III.

as the Petitioners apprehend, of dangerous Tendency to the Right and Interest of the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a. L-aw; and that tiiey may he heard, by their Counsel, against the fame; or that they may have such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate and remove certain Public Markets in the City of Exeter, and for that Purpose to purchase a plot of Ground; and to prevent the Hold-ing of the Markets in the High Street of the said City; and also to remove and prevent Annoyances in the said City, and its Suburbs; is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be ad mi ted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

W‘!'£',d „ A 7of Joseph Haft, of in the County of lor/c, was presente to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioner is informed, that, by a Bill now depending in the House, for paving the Streets of icefield, the Petitioner’s House (which is very commodiously situated for a Tradesrma.n) is sub-, je<^ pulled down, for the Purpose widening

the adjoining Street, which will be a very great Injury to him; and that it would be hardly possible for him to purchase or rent any other House but at an extravagant Price; and his TVade and Livelihood mu.ft be ereatly impaired; and that the Petitioner and others were perfect Strangers to the several Proceedings upon the Bill, and Icarce knew how to take the necessary ^Measures to secure their Property: And therefore praying. That the Parliament will give him such Relief* as shall seem meet. _.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, L.anes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of the County

SS of Bor, tVie M orth of K?rk.

p c e%cepl much thereof as \s repaired by the 1 tof County of Y»r*/and the «-ml Tan oi the T««<(Wo aforesaid, lead-

in, W IVrengaU t«ad! W Mw, for preventing Nu,(mn»nd Annoyances therein , and for widening and

w a ^rUrAO- of County of York) and the ex-

ve p'tt the Township of IVok field aforesaid, lead-lftom lVr€*va*e Yk\nx&% Afoor; for preventing „iaud Annoyances therein;, and for widening rJ tendering the same move commodious, is committed.

E»ris . Sir William Volbenreported from the Committee, to

B.uon whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and leclofuie. Ct)mtron fields. Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Varith of Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates in the said Parish, of the Annual Value of £. 166. who, on being applied to, said, they consented to the Inclosure, but did not chuse to sign the Bill; and except the Owners of Estates in the said Parish, of the Annual Value of 13^- w

made no particular Objection to the Bill, but refused to sign the fame; and that the whole Annual Value of the Estates in the said Parish \&£. 1,304- 11 > and that

no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the B|h) and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he u-m ^eP°« in his Place; and afterwards delivered ,e, j 1 j^ith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: ,lere 11e Amendments were Once read throughout;

Toe. 33.

307

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preferring cer- Lad us Fen tain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in Ladus , in the Drainage. Isle of Ely, was read the Third Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in LaJus Feu, in the Isle of Ely.

Ordered, That Sir Sampson Gideon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hervey presented to the House, according to Or- Tonnage der, a Bill for limiting the Tonnage of Ships, which _

shall for the future be built for, or to be employed in, gjj" ,a the Services of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies: And, the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Charles Yarbufgh, Esquire, and several Snaith, See. other Persons, whose Names' are thereunto subserished, ,nclo("re-being Proprietors of Estates, Rights of Common, and other Interests, in the inclosed Grounds, Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, "

within the several Townships of Balne, and

Whitley, in the Parish of Snail A, in the County of , was prefehted to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, a Common, and several Ings, and other Pasture and Marlhy Lands, mentioned to be situated in the Township of Great Heck and Little Heck, in the County of York; and that the Petitioners are very considerably interested in the Commonable Grounds, intended to be comprized in such Bill, being Owners of Estates in the several Townships of Balne,

and Whitley, in the said County, the Commons of

which said Townships, and of the said Town ship of Great Heck, and Little Heck, lie all together, and un* divided, without any known Limits or Boundaries to distinguish them from each other; yet were not consulted, or had the least Intimation thereof, but from the Votes: And therefore praying. That they may have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Lands, in the Township of Great Heck, and HatblCt of Little Heck, in the Parish of Sriaith, and the County of York, is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to impower Sir John Gibbons to Sunwell (hut up the Foot Paths over certain Lands in the Parish Foot Path*, of Stamve/l, in the County of Middlesex; and to extln-guish all Claims and Right of Common in and over the said Lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons, to make and keep in Repairs Foot Path in Lieu thereof; and to veil certain Premises, and a Sum of Money, in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish; was read the Third Time. " .

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the "tide be. An Act to impower Sir John to shut up the

Foot Paths over certain Lands in the Parish' of -

308 90 Aprilis. A. 1771.

well, in the County of Middlesex; and to extinguish all Claims and Right of Common in and over the said lands; and to oblige the said Sir ’John Gibbons to make and keep in Repair a Foot Path in Lieu thereof; and to vest certain Premiil-s, and a Sum of Money, io Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. G do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

BeffelfleigS, A Bill for amending and widening the Road from tec. Bejftf/leigh, through wantage, tt> Hunger ford, in the

Road. County of Berks, and from Wantage to*Marlborough, in

the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Beading and Wallingf, through Halfpenny Lane,

to The Old Red Ho-ft upon Wantage Downs-, and from thence to Lamborn, in the said County of Berks; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tart, Mr. Dodd, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Herring ' Mr. Edmonstone, according to Order, reported from Fishery. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Laws now in being, for the Encouragement of the White Herring

Fishery, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

' Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made, for the better Payment of the Bounties which are, or shall be, certified to be due to such Persons in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who have been encouraged to engage in the White Herring Fisheries, under the Laws now in Force.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the First Day of Februarylaft. Were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Laws now in being for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, That they ao make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

Br»dfbid An ingrossed Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal. Canal, from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, at Windhill, in the Township of Idle, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, at Windhill, in the Township of Idle, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hackney An ingrossed Bill for licensing anr additional Number Coaches, of Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising the reby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, and, applying the Monies arising the reby.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leans, or An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Exchequer by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the 1 *' Year 1771, was read the Third Time.

Rt/olved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1771-

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That Merer their Address of Saturday the 30th Day of March last issue (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty -, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of EJInbu- Nicholson'sPark, one of the Districts on the South Side Strfet,> of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, U and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for cleansing lighting, and watching, the several Streets, and other Passages, on the South Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future; and setting forth. That if Provision was made in the said Bill to pave the Streets, and other Passages, of the said District of Nicholson's Park, and to supply the same with Water, and to make Sewers and Drains where necessary, it would be of great Conveniency to the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, lor the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr.

fane. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Thamei Church of Saint Peter, in Westminsterwas presented to

the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for l embanking a certain Part of the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of minster, and County of Middlesex; and setting forth. That, by the said Bill, it appears, that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, claim a Right to the Soil of the said R,iver, where the said Embankment is carrying on, who are empowered to try such Right at Law, within a limited Time; and that the Petitioners, by virtue of several Charters and Grants from the Crown, are Lords of the Manor of -

fer, and the Liberties thereof, and iotitied to the Soil of the Waste w ithin the fame, and to the Ground and Soil of the said River, where the said Embankment is now carrying on: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill, to save the

g ' 9

Rights of the Petitioners, in such Manner as the House shall think most proper. /

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the-Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill for embanking a certain Part of the River Thames, near Durham Yard, within the Liberty of the City of Wfiminster, and County of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tim* upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and cora Inhabitants, of the City of Worcester, whose Names are and Floor, subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; ("’or«fl*r.) Complaining of the high Price of all Kinds of Grain; and setting forth, That the Petitioners.apprehend, if an

Importation

Mice.

Cattle,

lee.

(Provisionj)

Wifterton J ad of art.

Hackney

Coachmen.

Chester

Cana].

11 Geo. III.

90 Apri

309

Importation of Corn and Floor from was per-

mitted, Duty-free, for a limited time, Trade and Manufactures would be greatly promoted, and the Com* plaints mentioned in the Petition much alleviated, without any real Prejudice to the Agriculture of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confident ion, and grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape

terre, in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flefii Provisions, from Great for a limited Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of certain Open and Inclosed Lands, in ton, in the County of Nottingham, which immemorially have been, and are, claimed to be held and enjoyed, discharged from the Payment of Tythes in Kind, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mifterton, in the County of Nottingham; and that the Petitioners are informed, that Provisions are made in the said Bill, for.compelling the Petitioners, and others so interested, to fifomit the Determination of their Right of holding their said Lands so discharged' of TytheS (which, the ^Petitioners are advised, is a Matter triable only at Law') to Reference, and otherwise prejudicial to the Petitioners Interests: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give fych Relief as the Nature of the same fiiatl require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to -the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the "said Bill is committed. i

Ordered, That the other Ordfifls -of the Day be- now read. -t ' .....:

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read-, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for puni filing Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Districts and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the . Chair of the Committee. I

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thercuntd; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of

Vol. 33.

Chester, and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trekt to the Rivet;

The Counfei for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of ,in the County of Chester, whose Names are subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Compatiy of Proprietors of the Navigation from the 'Trent to the Mersey; were also rtad.

And the Counfei against the Bill was heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions.

Then the Counfei for the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Bill, against: the said Petitions.

And the Counfei against the Bill having been heard, by Way of Reply;

The Counfei on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill-

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed; .

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. '

Tellers for the Yeas.J^ Sfr*ttZe*

46.

i *9*

JVilbraham Bootle:

Tellers for the Noes'*Sir Job,t

I ellers lor the ISoes,(Sir W

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was committed to Mr. Bootle,

Lord Strange, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* inHhe Speaker’s Chamber j and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning MUiti*. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Whale vennight, Tefolve itself into a Cohimittee of the whole Fishery. Hdufe,’ upon the Bill for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery.

' Ordered,' That Mr. Puheney have Leave to make a fcaft: Motion; it being after Nine of the Clock.

! 'Apd he moved the House accordingly. ^porce.*

‘ . Ordered, That the Order, made upon Thursday the 28th Day of March last, for the House to resolve itself into ,a~Commitree of the whole House, upon Morning next,'upon the Bill for the more effectually-raising a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company, b& now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholes House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Carrick do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, at the Second Reading -of the &c. Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattje, and other Flefii Provisions, from Great , for a limited

Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4K

London Bridge Toll*, &c.

Great

Firringdon,

&C.

Road.

SbcriffhaJcs,

&c.

Iodofure.

JiO iod jipriUSiA. 1771-

Mercuriij 10* die A$tilis\

Anno xi* Georgii III. U Regis, 17714 PraVers.

AMeflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr.

Angnish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing the Tolls upon London,

for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for empower-ing the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in certain

Cafes, to grant Licences to Persons possessed of Terms for Years, of and in Houses, described in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, to build upon, and inclose. Part of the Ground and Soil of the Streets in the Front of their said Houses; without any Amend-, ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great ringdon., in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing , in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen Land, within the Parish of Algarkirke-cun-Fosdyke, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln , without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Ddor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been ififued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. IVilford also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1771, on the Two-Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the 5th and 6th Years of the Reig n of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended: And also.

An Account of Monies, remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1771, disposeable by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followcch; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, arid Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

' -

T

1

An ACCO UNT of all Sums of Money, which have been ififued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To William Bowytr, Gentlemen, towards defraying the Expence of printing 1,250 Copies

of such Parliamentary and other Records, as His Majesty shall think fit.

To John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons - -

To John Rojier, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index of the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To Thomas Tyrzvhitt, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing and re-printing

the Journals of the House of Commons, with a proper Index thereto; and also the Re. ports directed to be printed - - - _

Exchequer, the ioth Day of April 177 J. Edward

I *

8,000----

600----

5°°----

5,600----

£. 14,700----

To

Algarkirke,

Ac.

Inclosorc.

Money

issued

byAddrcfta

Monies of the 2>7thfl

Exdfc.

Monies disposeable by Parlia-jarnt.

r1 Geo. III.

jii

*1

1

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1771,00 the Two-Sevenths Excile, granted by an Act of Parliament of the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary* after Satisfying the several Charges' and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended. !

Calli remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1771- - - - „ .

The Charge for the Half Year then ended - - 9,697 6 if

Surplus of the said Half Year’s Produce, carried to the Aggregate Fund, pursuant to the Act of the ill of George the First ----- 9,-805 16 8£

Calli remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1771, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended -

£ s- d. 49*794 14

19,503 a 9f

30,291 11 3$

Exchequer, the 10th Edward Wilford.

Day of April 1771.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Buigeile$, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April I’jjl, dispose-

able by Parliament.

di

Money paid by William Lord Viscount Banington, being lb much received by him from the Frtnch Ambassador, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners -

Duty on Gum Senega, granted by an Act 250 Gii zdi ——

Duty on Cambricks and Sugars since ift August 1766 ... ....

Subsidy on Rice exported Anno<767, which was imported Duty-free ——

4

Surplus of the Income of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April

l77l - ’ -.....-....

16,990 16 8

6 2 6

2,529 id 6 473 11 iof:

20,000 i 6£

69»»977 7 9

7II»977

9

Edward.

Exchequer, the 10th Day of April 1771.

Ordered, That the First of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Two last of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Manilba. A Paper, intituled, " Expences incurred by the East India Company in the Expedition to Manilla, antecedent to the Surrender of the IslandAnd also, Vol. 33.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Egremont to the^ Secret Committee of the East India Company, respect — ing the proposed Attack of Manilha: And alto.

Extract of a Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Governor and Council of Fort St. George, dated 21st January 1762.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tables to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr-

.12 10° Jprilis. A. ini.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Honed An Account of Monies paid by the Directions of the Cattle. Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, as a Compensation, and in full Satisfaction of Losses and

Expences, incurred pursuant to the Order in Council, for preventing the Spreading of the Infection amongst the Horned Cattle in North Britain.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Monies paid by the Directions of* the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, is a Compensatiorl, and in full Satisfaction of Losses arid Expences incurred, pursuant to the Order of Council for preventing the Spreading of the Infection amongst the Horned Cattle in North Britain.

Value of Cattle killed at Port/oy - - - . -

D* — at Xrlajfa - -

D° — — , at Dylach - -

D° — —: at Brankanentum ——

Expence of Guards, Surveyors, and other unavoidable Expences - -

t -

320 7 4

- 34 3 4

i. 78 3 -

4 123 i —

- 243 16 6

799 12 2

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Real Estate of John Sutton, Esquire, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Trust, to be sold, for Payment of Eight thousand Pounds, the Portion of Isabella Sutton, deceased; and for the other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,.to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him' to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

'And the said Bill was read the Third Time-

Resolved, That the Bill do' pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fatne, without any Amendment.

Bishop ' Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Norton the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Inclosure. Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of -Bifkop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; Th^t the Committee had examined the Allegations - of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whose Property consists of 80 Acres, One Common Right, and Two Toftsteads, who could not be found; and that the whole Property to be inclosed consists of 1,418 Acres, 23 Common Rights, and 27 Toftsteads; and tint no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report’in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout 5 arid- flion a Second Time, One by One: and, upon tho QuCftlon fevCrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hoofe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrolfed.

5

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, ana Commonable Lands, within the Pari fit of Naunton Beauchamp, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and -found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were One? read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for.erilarging and altering the 'Tenths and Powers of several ACb, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of grove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of cejier, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bromsgrove, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of grove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the county of ; so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bromsgrove.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stone, in the County of Stafford, to Lone

End,

Naonmi

Beauchamp

Indofatc.

Bromsgme to Dudley, Birmingham, fee. Roadj.

Stone,

(Suff.fjftitO

RoaJ.

i i Ge& 111 16° Aprilis.

End', and to the Road, between Leek and , on

Meir Heath, and from thence to Blithe; and also

from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stable-ford Bridge, in the said County; was read the Third /Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandort, on Meir Heathand from thence to Blithe

Bridge-, and also from Meir to , and from

thence to Stableford Bridge, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

Sh ile»'s -^n ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act fciUte. Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Shelley, Baronet, and of the Right honourable John Shelley, his Son, in the several Counties of Kent and Wilts, and also of a Farm, called , in

the Parish of Saint Pancrd in the County of Sussex; and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale, in Discharge of the Portions of the Daughters of the said Sir John Shelley, affecting the Estates, of him and his said Son; and for other Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whichcot,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Corfellis’* -An 'ngr°B*cd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act;

EiUte. for veiling Part of the Estate late of Nicholas Corfellis, Esquire, deceased, at Wivenhoe and E/mJled, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hackney Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Coachmen, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Districts and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages, was committed, the Amend-

# O '

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and We/l Florida, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rfolved, That the Rill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the b)ay being read, for the Hoitfe to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty:

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated the 5th Day of April 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, dated the 10th Day of October 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of the Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the xft of July

1765, which was presented to the House upon the

24th Day of March 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the Islands of Dominica, Tobago, and in

1766, which was presented to the House, upon the it»th Day of April 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sale of Lands in the Ceded Islands, in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for l'uch Sales, the 18th Day of July 1767, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the General Account of Sales of His Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Charibbee Islands, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April,

in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of Freud Prizes taken before the Declaration of War, which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money-given for the Service of the Year 1770 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the Ninth Day of April 1771, and the Part remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee*

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they-had directed him to report, when the House will pleates to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morro'vW Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, *That he was directed by the Committee to move, that th^y may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this Hou(e will, upon Moral g

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hous«, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing tine Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- ing next, resolve itself 'into a Committee of the wh«_>le Hoofe, to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Y^-ar of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and V'el-vets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Marxti-fasture.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ordered, That the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Cattle, ing next, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole Live Cattle, and other FleQi Provisions, from Great Sri-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to tfor a limited Time, be read a Second Time upon His Majesty. Monday Morning next.

Vo L. 33. 4 L Ordered,

314 io* — i

Ordered, That Mr. John Ca do attend this House

upon Monday Morning next, at the Second Reading of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, ii* die Aprilis;

Anno u* Georgii III. U Regis, 1771.

Prate* s.

Naontoa A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Beauchamp / \ Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, inclo/bre. and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunion Beauchamp, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of ATaunton Beauchamp, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Ball to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sooth Leith Ordered, That Mr. Dundas do make the Report from Street*, &c. the Committee, to whom the Bill for cleanfiqg and lighting the Streets of* the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard tieads thereunto adjoining, and for' fdpplying the several Parts thereof with freui Water,’ was committed-

Mr. Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the ✓ House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Shelton, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road (Staffordshire) from She/tott, in the County of Stafford, to the Road *c- between Cheadle and Leek, at Blakely Lane Head; and

oa from Bucknall to the Road between Leek and Sandon, at

Weston Coyney; and from the said Road between Cheadle and Leek, to the Road above Bridge-, and from the same Road, on the East Side Frogall Bridge, to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Rue-hill Gate, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton, to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to West on Coyney; and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek, to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge; and from the same Road, to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Gate,

in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley &o farry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Long Rifton, Mr. Cholmleyreported from the Committee, to whom &c- the Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Inclosure. Lands, and Grounds, at Long Riston and Arnold, in the

9

i° Aprilis. . 1771.

County of York, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Two Ox-gangs, Two Common Rights, and Forty-eight Acres in the Ings, who refused to sign the Bill; and that there are Seventy Oxgangs of Land, and Eighty-three Common Rights; that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, contain 3,200 Acres and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Offences committed Hackney by Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Coachmen. Districts and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Districts and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages.

Ordered, That Sir Char let Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Liverpool whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from to Preftoo Patrick's Cross, within the Town of Liverpool, in the Ro*i* County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of ,in

the same County Palatine, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is Pattiih»tl, concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the *c; Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- QC 0 ure* mon Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of with the Hamlets of Eastcote, AJlcote, and , in

the County of Northampton-,which Bill was, upon

nesday the 27th Day of March last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is con- Watford, cerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open j and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, - and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Mnrcott, in the Parishes of

Watford

Long Litton, Scc. Xncfosure.

Arc.

In cloiure.

Ways and Means.

11 Geo. III. II. Apri31 $

Watford and Long Buddy, in the County of Northampton; which Bill was, upon Monday the 25th Day of March last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, at Long and

Arnold, in the County of York; which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of With the

Hamlets of Ea/lcote, AJlcott, and Darleftole, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the BHl do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish land Liberties of Pattijhalf, with the Hamlets of Eaficote, A/lcote, and in' the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported’ from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of/. 650,000 be raised by Way of Lottery; such Lottery to consist of 50,000 Tickets, at £.13 each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 18th Day of this Instant 1771, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of England of £. 1. in respetft of the Money to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say, for, and in respect of every such Ticket, £. 2. on or before the 7th Day of June next; £.3. on or before the 10th Day of July next; £. 3. on or before the 21st Day of August next; £. 4. on or before the 3d Day of October next: And that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, dull be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of/. 500,000 shall be divided into Prizes, from each of which Prizes there shall severally be a Deduction after the Rate of ./. 10 for every/. ico, and the Sums remaining, after such Deductions, shall be paid unto the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, out of any the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1771, at the Bank of England, in Money, upon Demand, on the First Day of March 1772, or as soon after as Certificates can be made out, without any further or other Deduction whatsoever: And that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, tram Time to Time, Vot. 33.

to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of Lis Contribution towards the said Sum. of /. 650,000 on or before the 15th Day of August next, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so completing his Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the 3d Day of October next.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Six hundred Ninety-one thousand Nine hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April 1771,'for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies whifch liad then arisen of the Surplusses, ExcessTes, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million Six hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excelics, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That jt is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eighty-nine thousand Six hundred. Fifty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings, and Niije Pence Farthing, now remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1770, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty in, this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which, by an Act made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company,. for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Tipie, in respect of the territorial Acquisitions and Reyenues lately obtained in the East Indify is dire died to be paid within the present Year info the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by the said Company, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds, out of such Moni.es as have been, or shall be, paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, on or before the 5th Day of April 1772, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues, which by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the -British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath, been granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garril'ons in the Plantations; and for. Provisions for the Forces in North America, Neva , Newfoundland, and the Ceded islands, for the Year 1771.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the 4th Day of April 1771, and on or before the 5th Day of April 1772, of the Produce of the Duties, charged by an Act Or Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply grapted to His Majesty.

The laid Resolutions being feveally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth* the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Townsend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So-

licitor

I i® Apr

A. 177L

licitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Thames Mr. Alderman Tozvnfttend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce between into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now Gravesend in being, relative to Watermen, Wherrymen, Lighter-and men, and Bargemen, rowing on the River Thames, be-10 or* tween Gravesend, in the County of Kent, and

in the County of Berks; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill" be read a Second Time.

America: Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies

titraordimry of all Minutes made by the Commissioners of His Ma-Services. jesty’s Treasury, since the 27th Day of November 1764, for regulating the Extraordinary Services to be incurred in America, and the Manner of drawing for or paying the fame; and of all Letters wrote thereupon, by any of the Secretaries of His Majesty’s Treasury, to any of His Majesty’s Commanders in Chief there; and of all Letters received thereupon, by any of the said Secretaries, from any of the said Commanders.

Ekftions.' The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Whately, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pulteney, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bringln, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.- Holford and Mr. "Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Lotus The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act «>r for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Kxche-^*Bills°er Suer ®'^s> for the Service of the Year One t! oufand Seven hundred and Seventy-one; without any Amendment: And also,

Hackney The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Coaches. for ijcensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising the reby; without any Amendment: And also,

Manchester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Aufterhnds *° en^arSe Term contained in Two several Acts of Road". *’ Parliament, and to repair, widen, and amend, the Road from the Guide Post, at the Westerly End of Lane, within the Township of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, to Auftcrlands, in the Pari 111 of Sadd/eworth, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And al(b,

Tadcaster The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Road. Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, to repair the Road leading from Tadeafter Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End; without any Amendment: And also,

Fisheries The ^or^s ^ave agreefi to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Elntrance of the said River; without any Amendment: And also,

Alconbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made Ro d. for repairing and amending that Part of the Road lead-. ing from a certain Place, called the White on

conbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, to -

fond Bridge, in the said County, called the North fton of the North Road; and for repairing the Road

leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act For dividing and inclosing the Open and Common, Fields, in the Parish of Szvaldiffe, in the County of Oxford', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Ei'lof for discharging the Manor of Coand divers ^pilatC Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses*

Ellatcs, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife, and by a certain Act of Parliament, which passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for settling anor1 < Manor, and other Lands and Hereditaments of gr. 1 Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to i the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

.snd then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Lottery; or the Persons who subscribed for Tickets in the Lottery of the Year 1769 j specifying the Number of Tickets subscribed for by each Person.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Persons who subscribed for Tickets in the Lottery of the Year 1770; specifying the Number of Tickets subscribed for by each Person.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Com night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Sc- New cond Reading of the Bill to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Francis Hafelgrove, Thomas Hafelgrove, John Pedman Junior, Ralph Moor, Thomas T'

Parsons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Hannington,

John Hannington, John Robinson, William Ckeefman,

Richard BlaW, George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Harry Sazvxers,

Samuel Tuppen, John Sazvxers, Thomas Crowter, John Bicknell, Mathias Trujler, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman,

John Dean, James Robinson, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflejh. Join Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook Junior*

Richard Til (lone, William Turner, Walter Sazvxers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarm and, Robert Grover, John I Food,

Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathanael Hillman,

Thomas Roberts, John Ashnan, William Cooler, Thomas Frojl, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Dun ant,

Emery Churcher, John Worton, Walter Broad, Thomas Hollingham, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Samuel Wi/fon, Clement Freeman, William Laffefer, William Japp,

Thomas Crozvter, Joint Barnard, James Mitchtll, James Millar otherwise Miller, William Nezvuham, Jeffery Carver, Thomas Robinson, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Member^ to serve . in Parliament for the Borough of New S/iorehani, in the County of Safes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- . posed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next;

An A.mendment was proposed to be made to the

Question, by leaving out the Words " Wednesday Morn- ing next," and inserting this Day Three Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words CiJVed- nesday Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

The

Tltimes

Hmbankmcof

(t>«baaYar(l

ii Geo. Illi

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdtafa.taT^5£;"iy,»-^*}47

} «

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the House this Day, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, do attend this House upon Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read for the Third Read-j ing of the Bill (now ingrossed) for embanking a certain Part of the River Thames, near Durham , within the Liberty of the -City of Westminster, and County of

Middlesex;

A Motion was made, and the Quetlipn being proposed,. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now", in order to add at the End thereof, the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question i The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Mr. , 7 -.

11 Sir Charles Whitworth: \

!Mr. Alderman 1

Mr. Alderman Saw- > 13. bridgeJ So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third

Time.

And the said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, Saving to all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, except the King’s Majesty, all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of, the Soil of the said River , as shall be taken away for the Purpose of embanking.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

iMr.

Mr. Thomas Junior:

Tellers for ,he N°"> j Mr } 44'

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingroiild Ciaule was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, Saving the Rights of the Dean and Chapter ot Westminster, to be tried in a feigned Issue within a limited fime.

And the said Clause was'Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vise.

Pr. 5. 1. 36. To leave out " from Staines , in the County of , to Yen-

" leet, otherwise Ymidland, in the " County of Kent," and insert " so " proposed to be inclosed and " embanked as aforesaid"' instead " thereof.

Pr. 7. 1. 1. After " thereupon,"-to insert " if the " same shall be satisfaciory to the " Court where the Cause is tried."

Vol. 33.

Jprilis. 31

J. 24. After " embanked;" to inferf " and to . " indorse the same upon the Postea," .

; J. 28. 7 To leave out " have beeh," and in--

29. J fert "be" instead thereof.

1. 29; To leave out from "shall" " to cause"

' In line 32, and insert ""upon, the " Application of: either of the Par- ’ " ties" instead thereof.

Pr. 8. 1. 4- To leave out-"have b^en;" and in- ’ fert be" instead thereof.

And the said. Amendments were; upon the Question1 severally put thereopfon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly’-.

A Motion was made, and' the Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

44-

Tellers for the Yeas, \M1"*

4 Mr. Freeman:

Mr. Alderman

14-

Tellers for the Noes. \. thick,

( Sir Robert Bernard:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be. An Act for enabling certain Persons to inclose and embank Part of the River Thatnes, adjoining to Durham Saiisbury Street, Cecil

Street, and Beaufort Buildings, in the County of Ahddltjex.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonftene do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this t)ay Seven- Rjce; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, to the Southward of same Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

And then the Hoyfe adjourned till 'Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris» 12° die Aprilis y

Anno ii# Georgii IIItu Regis, 1771.

PraYE'RS. xfleof

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of 'Wight the Poor of the Parishes of W and — Poor.

mouth, in the Isle of Wight, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Takirx

Notice of the Bill for establishing a House or Houses of Industry, in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to tlxC several Parishes and Places within the said lstand; and setting forth, that the Inhabitants of the said Parishes arc, in general. Farmers and Graziers, who employ a great Number of Poor Persons in the Cultivation of the iatxd Farms, and arc well satisfied with the present Mode of laying on and collecting the Poor Rates, and maintai n-ing and employing their Poor; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill will be very prejudicial and inj vti-i rious to the said Parishes: And therefore praying, Tti at the said Parishes may not be included in the said Bill; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, or may "be otherwise! relieved in such Manner as to the House shall appear j »/* and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be Referred to the Confederation of the Committee, td whom the said Bill js committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

4 M Ordered,

Account*:

Silk

Manofa&ore.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Foreign Crapes.

Calm.

Foreign

Linens.

Ditto.

GUfgow,

&c.

Road*.

31$ 12* Aprilis. . 1771*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commits oners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hou(e, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Seizures made in Scotland, of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, from the 5th January 1760, to 5th January 1771, or as for as the same can be made up: And abb.

An Account of the Quantity of Wrought

Silks exported from Scotland to the West Indies and America, from the ill Day of January 1760, to the lft Day of January *771: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets imported into Scotland, and the Duties that have been paid thereupon, from the ill Day of nuary 1760, to the lft Day of January 1771; being as far as (he same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Raw Silk, Thrown Silk, and other Silk unmanufactured, which have been imported into Scotland, from the ift Day of January 1760, to the ift Day of January 1771; distinguishing the several Years and the Places from whence the said Silk has heen imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Wrought Silk, and Raw and other Silk, exported from Scotland to Foreign Parts, from the ill Day of Januar 1760, to the lft Day of January 1771; distinguishing the several Years, and the Places to which the said Silk has been exported: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Crapes and Tiffanies imported into Scotland, from the ift of January 1768; (taring the Quantities that have been imported in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Culm exported from Scotland, during the last Five Years preceding Christmas 1770, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, from what particular Ports, and to what particular Places, the same were exported: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens imported into. Scotland, from Chrifimqs 176910 Christmas 1770, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Species, and the Rates at. which they are valued at the Custom House: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1769 to Christmas 1770, with the Drawback paid thereon; distinguishing each Species.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Sue First of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Three last of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Livingjhne, by the Kirk of Skotts, to the City of GlaJ-gow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of , in the County of Lanark, was read the Third Time.

6

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from stone, by the Kirk of Skotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of;

and for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near,

to the Town of Strathaven, in the County of Lanerk.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, called Stretton Common Fields, and certain Common or Waste Grounds, called Stretton Heath, and Stretton Ilorfe Slead, in the Parish of Stretton on the Fofs, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolveid, That the Bill do pass: And That the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, called Stretton Common Fields, and certain Common or Waste Grounds, called Stretton Heath, and Stretton Horse Slead, in the Parish of Stretton on the Fojs, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Kir. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Townshipand Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, was

read the third Time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of BiJ/top Norton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcotdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for consolidating, extending, and rendering more cft'edtual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cfoanfing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances, within the same; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectqal, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within the City of London apd Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for discharging the Manor of and divefs

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Bichard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife, and by a certain Act of Parliament, which passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for settling another Manor, and other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value in Lieu thereof, to the like Ufos; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of the

White

Stretton on the Fofs Inclosure.

Bishop

Norton

Inclosure.

London

Severs,

Streets,

Sec.

Earl of

Scarborough's

Estate.

Herring

Fiihrry.

ti Geo. III.

1 2° Jprilis.

3*9

Edinburgh

Greets,

&c»

Titcrnfpite,

vmurokc,)

Roads.

White Herring Fishery: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander do make the Re-

port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of one of

the Districts on the South Side of the City of Edinburgh, was referred.

Sir Alexander Gilmour accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and bad directed the same to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House } and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w, as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Scion, Esquire, being examined, said, That if Provision was made in the Bill now depending, for cleanfinjg, lighting, and watching, the several Streets, and other Passages, on the South S de of the City of Edinburgh; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future; to pave the Streets, and other Passages, in the said Di ft rift, called Nicholson's Park, to supply the same with Water, and to make Drains where necessary, it would be very convenient to the Inhabitants thereof.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the several Streets, and other Passages, on the South Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for paving the Streets, and other Passages, of the District called Nicholson's Park, and to supply the same with Water, and to make Sewers and Drains where necessary.

Mr. Sloanereported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from to the Towns of

Pembroke and Ha by, and to Haking, in the County of Pembroke, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

African Trade and

Mr. Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants, Settlements, trading to Africa, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A State of the Matter of Fast, contained in the said Petition, is as follows.

By the Account delivered to this House, the Sixth Day of February last, and referred to your Committee, it appears that t here wds a Balance of . i,471. 14 10

unaccounted for: Then

ceived of the£. 2,000 granted for Cape Castle, and was included in the above Sum of £. 14,609. 8r. 6 the rest being paid for Fees; but that hitherto no Account had been received from the Coast of Africa of die Expenditure thereof.

But he produced to your Committee the following Extracts of Letters; viz.

Ext raft of a Letter from the Committee of the Company of Merchant5 trading to Africa, to the Governor and Council at Cape Coast Castle, dated the 30th November, 1769. " We have added forae Artificers, and a " Quantity of Brick and Timber, in order to repair " Cape Coqft Castle j the Sum of £. 2,000 having been.

" granted this Year, to enable us to set about that neceflUry Work."

Extfaft of a Letter from the said Committee to the said Governor and Council, dated the 9th of,

1770. " The Sum of £. 2,000 having been granted last

" Year, expressly for t he Repair of Cape Coast Castle, you " must be very accurate in separating the Accounts of " such Repairs from every other Charge whatever."

Extract of a Letter from the said Governor and Council to the said Committee, dated the 8th September+ 1769. " The Grant of £. 2,000 for repairing this Castle,

" is very feasonable indeed; and you may depend on " that Sum being laid out with Frugality and to the best " Advantage."

Extract of a Letter from the said Governor and Council to the said Committee, dated 24th May , 1770.

The Accountant has Orders to be very accurate in " separating the Accounts of i'uch Repairs out of the " £ 2,000 granted last Year for the Repairs of Cape Coast " Castle, from every other Charge whatever."

That the Sum, granted by Parliament for the Year 1770, was £.13,000, which had been inverted in Goods and Stores, and sent to the Coast of Africa to be employed in the Support and Maintenance of the several Forts there; but that no Money had been granted that Year for Cape Coast Castle.

And it appeared to your Committee, by an Account produced by Mr. Complin, that the Expence of the Forts* for the Year 1768, exclusive of Repairs, was £. 12,314.

17 s.7 d.and the net Sum received from Government was

£.12,657. s‘ 6d.

That it appeared to your Committee, by a Report entered in the Journal of the House, upon the 6th Day of June, 1758, that the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, were delivered to the Committee of the Company in a very bad State, by the Royal African Company.

And by an Estimate, made by Gilbert Petrie, Esquire, Governor of Cape Coast Castle, it appeared, that over, and above the £. 2,000 granted for repairing Cape Coast in the Year 1769, the Materials for repairing the Castle will cost £.2,797. 51. and that£. 1,500 will be necessary to be laid out in Slaves, and Salaries to Engineers, Car- penters, and Masons, amounting in the Whole to the: further Sum of £,4,297. 5 s.

Your Committee then proceeded to enquire into the present State of the several Forts, which from the Papers referred to your Committee „ appears to be as follows:

Appolonia. The Fort is in a Posture of Defence; the Artillery being all mounted: but the Garrison consists. of People who have served their Time to the Company, and there will only Three Soldiers remain when they re — 1 ceive their Discharge.

Dixcove. Of the Condition of this Fort, no Account

is given. Succondee.

This Fort is truly in a ruinous Condition 5

Richard Camplin, Esq. (Secretary to the said Commit- the exterior Walls are entirely gone, and the Lodgings

tee) being examined, said. That the Money granted in the ready to tumble down.

Year 1769, was £. 15,000, and the Money received was Cape Coast Castle. The new Building, facing the South. £. 14,609. 8j. 6 d.; and he produced the original Invoice or Pair a Rock, is almost finished; the Spur, and Build-Book, by which it appeared, that the Sum of £. 14,045. ings thereon, are almost entirely new, as is also the prin-Vi* *r \d.was inverted in Goods, and lent to Africa.* And cipal Building, containing the Governor’s and Factors laid further, that £.1,947. 17J. f>d.was the net Money re- Apartments. fell to the Ground during

VOL.

00'

Mr.

3 2D

;Mr. Petrie's Government; which must be rebuilt as fooh as possible: Several of the Rooms, next the Town, mull also be taken down and rebuilt, it being dangerous to live in them, on account of their crazy Condition.

Commend a. This Fort is spacious and well oonftru&ed; with a few Repairs it will be itl excellent Order.

Annamaboe. The West Building wants a new Roof; the Parade to be paved; the Spur Wall to be rebuilt with Stone and Lime; and the Fort, both inside andoutfide, to be pointed and plaistered; the Two new Rooms on the Top of the East Curtain, which were begun upon a8th January (a Building of 49 by 18 Feet) are entirely finished, except the laying of the Roof, and will be as agreeable Rooms as any in Guinea: For the above repairing and completing the Fort, the Quantity of Lime wanted will be about Fifteen hundred or Two thousand Hogsheads.

Tantumqnerry. The Fort at present much in Want of Repair; Seven of the Guns unserviceable, the rest not very good.

A.

iVinnebdh: The South-east and bJorth-weft Bastion are falling in; the Roofs of the Hall and Tower are very bad, so bad that they are in Danger of coming down when the Guns are fired; the Condition of the Fort, in general, is so bad, that it needs a thorough Repair.

Accra. The Forts wanting great Repairs.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the High Lands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyle, for the Year 1771.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

r

ESTIMATE

Scotch

Roads.

11 Geo. lit.

12* April is.

321

E S TIM A T E of the ExpenCe of ttae new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain, for the Year 1771.

J - -------- > — J — ~ —

Dumbarton; consisting of 2 Subalterns, at 3 each per Diem j 2 Serjeants, at 1 Jh. each; a Corporals, at 8 d. each; 2 Drummers and 50 private Men, at 6 d. each per Diem, for 92 Days ——

Extraordinary Charges for Artificers, Carts, Tools, Under-ground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences ——

To a Party to work upon the Road from Fort Augustus to Berner a and the Isle of Skey; consisting of 2 Subalterns, 4 Serjeants, 4 Corporals, 2 Drummers, And 100 private Men, at said Rates, for 92 Days - -- -Extraordinary Charges for Artificers, Carts, Tools, Lime, Under-ground Drains, Coals, Iron, and sundry incident Charges ——

To a Party to work from Fort William, over the Black , to , from Tyn-

drom to Inverary, and from thence towards Branden; consisting of 2 Subalterns, 4 Serjeants, 4 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 private Men, at D® Rates, including Extra Charges for Carts, (sic. isle. ——

To a Party to work from Dunbarton up Lochlomondjide to Tar bet, and through Glenfallach and Glenfruen, to the Junction of the Roads with the Black Mount Road; consisting of 1 Subaltern, 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, 1 Drummer, and 25 private Men, at D® Rates ——

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts, isle, -

To a Party to work from Fort George, through to Braemar

Castle, and B/airgozorie, to Covopar in Angus; consisting of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 private Men, at D° Rates - -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts, isle. -

To a Party to carry on the Road leading over the to Strathbogiecon

filling of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at D° Rates -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, (Be.isle. -

filling of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at the Rates - -- -- -- --Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, C -

of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 2.8 private Men, at the foresaid Rates - -

Extraordinary Charges of Attificers, (Sic. (sic. - -- --To a Party to work from Canton to Follow in; consisting of 2 Serjeants

2 Corporals, and 25 Private, at D® Rates -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, (sic. (sic. -

d.

162 10 8

109 — .

292 17 4

230 10 .

53° 1 4

vo w 00 4

50 — *

162 10 8

97 — —

79 H 8

47 ~ —

[ 79 14 8

49 — r

79 H 8

47 10 —

) 72 16 8

48 io

To the Bridge over the River Leven ——

To Endrick Bridge ——

To Six Bridges upon the Road leading from Dalmalie to Bonnea - -

To Ten Small Bridges upon the Road from Stirling to Dunbarton - -

To Seven Small D® upon the Road from Fort Augustus to Bernera - -

To build Office Houses to the Inn built last Year upon the Road from Fort Augustus to Bernera, where there is no House for 50 Miles -

To repair the Bridges of Dee, Don, and , and sundry other Bridges upon the Line of Road from Blairgowrie to Fort George, many of them being in great

Danger of falling ——

To rebuild Two small Bridges upon that Line of Road, carried away this Autumn ——

To Four small Bridges upon the Line of Road from Stirling to Fort William - -

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from to Fort William -

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Fort William to Stirling -

To build Six small Bridges upon the Line of Road from Dalnacardbck to Dunkeld ——

To several small Arches upon the new Line of Road from Fittercairh to Strathbogie - -- -- -- -- -To 26 small Arches upon the Line of Road from Strathbogie to Fochabers, upon Spey Side ——

To the new Road carrying on between the River Sark and Port Patrick - -

To Ensign M*Coikell and Mr. Alexander , for attending the Works and over-seeing the Parties, 92 Days at 57//. each per Di£m

L sd.

Total -

c

War Office, tith April 1771.

VOL. 33.

602 --

198 —

120 IO 229 IO

146 15 60 5

309 10

80 10 184 15

4° 5 iois

ti8 is

200 $

*59 15 i,oooo —

46-----

6,928 -

m

Barrington

4N

Ordered

3 2 4 12° Aprilis. A. 1771.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Cattle, Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prohibit the Ex-(Provisionj.) portaijon of Live Cattle, and other Flesh Provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited Time, upon Monday Morning next, be now read.

And the said Order being refad accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be r€ad a Second Time, upon Thursday'next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. John do attend this House,

upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, at the Second Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered, Thfat the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, ref0ive itself into a Corhmrttee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated the 5th Day of April 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of OEio-ber 17 70, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate Of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, for the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies paid by the Di red ions of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, as a Compensation, and in full Satisfaction, of Loflesand Expences, incurred pursuant to the Order in Council, for preventing the Spreading of the lnfedion amongst the Horned Cattle in North Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That tile Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

A motion being made, that the several Accounts and Estimate, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ot exposed and deserted young Children, be referred to the said Committee;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved, that the Resolutions of the House, of the 8 th Day of February 1760, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the General Admission of all Children indiscriminately, under a certain Age, into the " Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to be maintained " there at the public Expence, has been attended with

many evil Consequences, and ought to be prevented.

" Resolved, That no Children should be received into " the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of " exposed and deserted young Children, after the 25th " Day of March next, to be there maintained at the " Public Expence."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make an Allowance to the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital, in full of any Expences which may hereafter be incurred by the said Governors and Guardians, in maintaining and educating such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March .,17.60.„

9

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the 31st December 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitzcorth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways tod to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Weans, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Na*al explain an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign Stores, of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An '

Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of un-manufactured Wood of the Growth and Product of America: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher Royal Affeot of the Black Rod; to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also empowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Grajton, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, and the Earl of Marck-niont, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one:

An Act for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising the reby:

An

11 Geo. III.

An Act for further continuing the Tolls upon London Bridge, for the Purposes therein mentioned j and for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in certain Cafes, to grant Licences to Persons possessed of Terms for Years, of and in Houses, described in an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, to build upon, and inclose. Part of the Ground and Soil of the Streets in the Front of their laid Houses:

An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tzveed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River:

An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place, called The White on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, to

Wandsford Bridge, in the said County, called the North Division of the North Road; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End:

An Act to enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, and to repair, widen, and amend, the Road from the Guide Post, at the Westerly End of Newton Lane, within the Township of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York:

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell certain Parts and Portions of the Estate and Barony of Carrington, in the County of Edinburgh, which formerly belonged to Lord Vif-cou t Primrose, deceased, and now to Neil Earl of Rose-lerry, for Payment of the Debts of the said Viscount:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the real Estate of John Suttou, Esquire, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Trust, to be sold, for Payment of Eight thousand Pounds, the Portion of Isabella Sutton, deceased, and for the other Purposes in the said Act mentioned *

An Act for dividing and inclosing Sheriffhales Common, in the County of Staff

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen Land, within the Parish of A/garkirke cum dyke, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of in the County of

Oxford.

Accounts The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from of, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Foreign An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Wrought Wrought Silks and Velvets imported into England, and the Duties Silk. that have been paid thereupon, from the 5th of January 1760, to the 5th January 1771; And also,

Foreign An Account of the Quantities ol Foreign Crapes and Crape*. Tiffanies, imported into , from the 5th of January 1768; stating the Quantities that have been imported in each Year: And also.

Linens. An Account of the Quantities of Brit iff. and Irish Linens exported from England, upon Bounty, from Christmas 1769, to Christma 1770, with the Amount of the Bounties paid or payable thereon; distinguishing what Part are British, and what Irish: And also,

VOL. 33.

323

An Account of the Quantities of British and Irish Ditto. Linens exported from England, without Bounty, during the last Five Years preceding Christmas 1770; distinguishing each Year, and what Part are , and what Irish: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Culm exported from Culm. England, during the last Five Years preceding Christmas 1770, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, from what particular Ports, and to what particular Places, the same were exported: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens ex- Linens, ported from England, from Christmas 1769, to 1770, with the Drawback paid thereon; distinguishing each Species: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens im- Ditto, ported into England, from Christmas 1769, to Christmas 1770, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Species, and the Rates at which they are valued at the Custom House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Two first of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Five last of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House EafWnvfia to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company upon the Bill for the more effectually railing a Military Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possel- orce* fions of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Private Men raised for the Land Service of the pany, from the ill Day of January 1763, to the ift Day of December 1770, specifying the Numbers raised each Year, and the Bounty given, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of railing and maintaining a Body of Two thousand Men, upon the Plan proposed in the Bill for the more effectually railing a Military Force for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of Recruits raised for the Service of the Regiments quartered in Great,

from the 34th December 1764, to the 44th December 1769,

distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, State of the Land Forces in India, in the Pay of the " Company; specifying the Number of each Corps, and.

" the Pay of each Rank," be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, -That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for, he

Tdlers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

12° Apr

3H 12' — 150

Mr. Speaker tefumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

SleAion*. Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, accordi ng

to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mofn-ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 150;

Anno n* Georgii III*" Regis, 1771. Praters.

MountfieM A N ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Xa Road from the Turnpike Road at , in the

°"* Parish of Mountfield, in the County of to

Corner, and from thence to Staple , and to the Turn-

pike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of and from Staple Crop to s Water Corn Mill at

Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at in the Parish of Mount-

field, in the County of Suffer, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staple Cross to Longley's Water Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hud Croft, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads ISuffxl from Hand Cross to Comer House, and from thence to Reid. Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to The Maypole, in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Suffer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross to Chrner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to The Maypole, in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Suffer.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Long Rifton, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing all the . Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, at Long Rifion and

n ° we. Arnold, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, at Rifion and Arnold, in the County of York.

Aprilis. ' A. 1771.

Ordered, That Mr. CLlmlcydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Liverpool Road from Patrick's Cross, within the Town of -pool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town Road.* of Prefion, in the same County Palatine, was read the

Third Tutje.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Patrick's Cross, within the Town of Liverpool, in the Count) Paiutme of Lancaster, to the Town of Prefion, in ti e am - County Palatine.

Ordered, f nat Colonel Burgoyne do carry the Bill to the L -rdo, and desire their Concurrence.

M;. Thomas Townfkend, Junior, reported from the ClerkeawrH C irmttee, to whom the Bill for paving, repairing, clean-i -g, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and 6 ** other Passages, within the Parish of John, Clerken-we/l, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kane reported from the Committee, to whom Elrtt the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Com- Comm* mon, called Elvet Moor, in the Parish of Oswald, IBC*°stre* in the County Palatine of Durham-, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Intercommon Lands in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors or Owners of Ten Houses, who have Right of Common on the said Moor or Common, who refused to sign the Bill; and the whole Property, having Right of Common on the said Moor or Common, consists of 227 Houses; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Hanmer reported from the Committee, to whom Blake'*, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to See. exchange Lands in Langham, in the County of Suffolk, Exchange between Patrick Blake, Esquire, and Edzvqrd Rector of the Parish Church of Langham aforesaid, within the Diocese of Norwich, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And

i x Geo. III. 150

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Haunter do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Herring A Bill for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fifery. Fishery, was read a Second Time.

Kefolved, That the Bill be committed,

Re/o/vedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris, and Mr.

Angvifh:

Mr. Speaker,

TVobald’* The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for inflate, vetting certain Messuages, in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of James Theobald, Esquire, in Trustees, to be conveyed to James Adam, Esquire; and for laying out the Purchase Money in Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now stand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Harpar’* The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for BfUte. enabling Sir Henry Harper, 'Baronet, to make Leases of his Estates, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, for Three Lives, or 99 Years, or such other Leates as are therein mentioned: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, park'tnfoa The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for and vetting the settled Estates of Thom Edward Heathcote, and Catharine his Wife, and their respective

Children, lying in the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, and Chester, in Trustees, to fell a sufficient Part thereof, for Payment of Debts and Legacies affecting the lame, and for making a Partition of the Remainder thereof, and settling the entire Premises to the Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Dittc. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forvefting the settled Estates of Thomas Parkinson, Edward Heathcote, and Catharine his Wife, and their re-lpeftive Children, lying in the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, and Chester, in Trustees, to fell a sufficient Part thereof, for Payment of Debts and Legacies affecting the fame, and for making a Partition of the Remainder thereof, and settling the entire Premises to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jtle of Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for establishing a House or Houses ’ of Industry, in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception,

Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said llland; which Bill was, upon the First Day of last, read

a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Puiport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Iwdia Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Edward Hamilton Military do this Day attend the Committee of the whole House, orce* to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually railing a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Poflessions of the East India Company.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Henry Harpttr, Baronet, to make Leases

Vol. 33.

of his Estates in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, for Three Lives, or 99 Years, or such other Leaks as are therein mentioned, was read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act CorfellV. for vetting Part of the Estate late of Nicholas Corfellis, Efta:‘

Esquire, aeceased, at Wivenhoe and E in the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money td discharge Incumbrances, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray,

Mr Kynaston,&c.: And they are tb meet this Afternooni at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bell, frorti the Custom* Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; (Enfiland) be was called in; and* at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Seizures made, of Foreign Wrought Silk

Silks and Velvets, from the 5th of January 1760* to the Manuf»aur*-5th of January 1771.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; ai.d for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Mr. Charles Fox reported from the Committee, to Butterwkk whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Oped laclofur*. Fields, in the Township of Butterwick, in the Parish of Foxholes, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenc to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reportecfV from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are ns followeth; viz. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thoifland Nine bu n-dred and Seventy Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors ac*d Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, *0 maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 177®, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1771, inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Oe-duftion whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That.a further Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand and Thirty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty,

4 O t«

3 26 t s* Apr ills, 1771.

to enable the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital to defray any Expences which may be hereafter incurred, in maintaining and educating such Children as were received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March iy6o} and that the said Sum be issued and paid, for the Use of the said Hospital, without any Feb or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no further Sum or Stuns of Money be hereafter issued, for the Maintenance and Education of such Children as were received into the said Hospital, on or before the said 25th Day of March 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand. and Eighty-five Pouftds, Two Shillings, and Eleven'Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make, good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of 17 70, of the Fund establishedfor paying Annuities, in relped of Five millions, borrowed by virtue of an Act, made in the 31$ Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Sup* ply granted for the Service of the Year 1758. .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Fourteen thousand Se^en hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty,- to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which 'has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this Floufe,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thai the Sum of Seven hundred Ninety-nine Pounds,

- Twelve Shillings, and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been paid to several Persons in North Britain., as a Compensation, and in full Satisfaction, of their Losses and Expences incurred, pursuant to several Orders of Council, for preventing the Spreading of the infectious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred and Thirty-six Pounds, and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granting to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of

bia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa fituale between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1771.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company irr carrying on their Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Sec-. dements on the Coast of Africa.

ReJ’o/ved, That it is tire Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the more effectually repairing the Fort of Cape Coast on the Coast of

Africa.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Copper Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

tciD- the more effectually preventing the Counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm: And that Mr. Cooper, , Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Attorney General, and - Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the ' lame.

4

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Theobil !’i for veiling certain Messuages in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Jafnes

Theobald, Esquire, in Trustees, to be conveyed to James Adam, Esquire; anti for laying out the Purchase. Money in Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do noW Hand limited; was read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. *

Ordered, Thai the Order of the.Day, for the House Supply to resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His M*r jesty, be now read.

'And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Expences in- curred by the East India Company in the Expedition v to Manilha, antecedent to the Surrender of the Island,"

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Egremout to the Secret Committee of the East India Company, respecting the proposed Attack of Manilha, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That - the Extinct of a Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Governor

and Count'll of Fort St. Crt>rye,-dated 21st January 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ultimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for tiieYear 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him co report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That ho was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Orderedf't\\2Xthe Order of the Day, for the House to anj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

*The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr..Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,

11 Geo. III. I50- — 16° Aprilis.

isle of Man. Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relotve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider of proper Methods for raising a Revenue in the ljle of Man, to defray the Charges of amending, repair-

ing, and supporting, the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the said Island.

Naval Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Store* who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to (Uvut Seas) eXpjain an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,

' An Act: giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and Product of Atne~ rica; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, to explain so much of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulatinglthe Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the Importation of Raw

Silk and Mohair Yarn, landed at certain Places therein mentioned.

Militia. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the -Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair....

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

India . The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Military wh0|e House, to eonfider further of the Bill for the orce’ more effectually raising a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynafiou took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martts, 16° die Aprilis;

Anno ii° Georgii IIIlil Regis, 1771. Prayers.

Elvet TV/7R. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom Common XVX the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor or otlofure. Common called Elvet Min the Parllh of Saint wald, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for ex-tinguifning all P.ight of Common in certain Intercom-. mon Lands in the said Parish, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to Vol. 33*

the Bill, which -they, had diredkd him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were.OpcC read throughoutand then a (Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevtraliy put thereupon* we're agreed to by the House. .;

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed. . j::

Mr. William Burke reported from the Committee, to Bollock* whom the ingrossed Bill from the "Lords, intituled, An Mate.

Act for vesting certain Freehold: rind Leasehold Mills,

Lands, and Tenements, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Jefeph Bullock, Esquire’, in Tryftees, to

convey and assign the feme respectively, pursujuit to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the P.urchofe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to thfc" feme 'Uses, as are mentioned in the said Settlement, was committed; That the Committee had examined the AUe* gations of the Bill, and found die feme to be true; add that the Parties concerned had: given their Consent to the B6U, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed. him to report the Bill.to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at tht Clerk’s Table. ..1.

And the said Bill was read the Third: Tiine: .

Rdjolved, That the Bill do pass. -; i,

Ordered, That Mi. William Burke do tarry, the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them,-that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for discharging the Manor of Coldhefilden, and;, divert Sc^ro' «n'* Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the atc" Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses; Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the femd, by the Settlement executed previous to his. Marriage.with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife, and by a

certain Act of Parliament, which passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for settling another Manor, and other Lands arid Hfcreditamentsot greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uies, wa* read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dozvde[wellreported from the Committee, to Smyth’*

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate.

A ft for confirming a Deed of Trust, dated the 31st of December \ 770, and for the more effectual enabling the Trustees.to raise the Sum of £.9,000 for the Purposes’ therein mentioned, by Mortgage or Sale of the Freehold Estate of George Smyth the Elder, ..and George Smyth the Younger, Esquires, situate in the County of Gloucester, or of a competent Part thereof, was eomr mitted; That the Committee Fad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their' Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill.to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals. ... .1

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do cany the Bil to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for cleansing and lighting the South Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Leitii Saint Anthony’s, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, -Street*,

and *c"

328 i6* Aprilts

and for supplying the federal farts thereof with fresh Water, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be, An Act for deanfing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint -nfs, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for fyp-plying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas do carry the Bill to the ' Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Froggau’s Colonel Burgoyne reported from the Committee, to Eflatt. whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Act ley, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Act ley, Tyldefley, and Bedford, in the County of Lancaster, comprized in the Marriage Articles of Thomas Froggatt, and Hannah his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses, upon the Trusts, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, and Restrictions, therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tbajt the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Expiring Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do make the Report from

L»w. the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near i expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits, of the Sugar

Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their own Expence} and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt loft by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and J)ane; as relates to the Landing of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excite, and to the Lodging of the same in Warehouses, at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof i which was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of September 1742, to the 29th Day of September 1749, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament j and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the Twenty-third and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1771, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; which was to continue in Force for Seven Years> from the 24th Day of July 174 6, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1771, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames; which was to continue in Force from the ift Day of June 1733, for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his fdd late Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued, until the 24th Day of June 1770,2nd from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon^ agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gilbert, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill,

That they do make Provision therein, for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First; and also so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as limits the Quantities of Meal,

Malt, and Coals, to be carried in the Cities of London and Westminster, and within Ten Miles thereof, in Wag-

gons or Carts having the Wheels thereof fliod or bound with Tire or. Streaks of Iron.

The Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration jedbwgb, the Matter of the Petition of Charles Ogi/vy, Esquire, <. &c. complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Boroughs of Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Haddington, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Bu-finess of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 79 Members only were found to be ptelent.

And the House being informed, that several Members still remained in the Committee Rooms, notwithstanding the Direction they had received for their Attendance in the House;

The Serjeant at Arms was again directed by Mr.

Speaker

n Geo. III. i 6° Ap. 329

Speaker, to go again with the Mace, and require the Clerk appointed to attend the Select Committees of immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business Elections, immediately withdrew, of the House. And being, after some Time, again returned to the

And Mr. Speaker directed the Serjeant to acquaint Bar, the said Clerk attending the said Committees of such Members as he should find in the Committee Elections, informed the House, that the Counsel for the Rooms and Places adjacent, that the House would Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had expect, that he should, at his Return, be able to inform (in his Presence) beginning on the Part of the Petitioner, the Hofife, of the Names of those Members who re- alternately struck off One of the said9 Names, contained fused to attend in their Places, on the Business of the in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to 13; House. and he delivered in to the House the Lifts so struck, to-

And he went accordingly. gether with a new Lift of the Names of the 13 Members

And being returned; then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was

The House was again counted by Mr. Speaker; and read to the House, by Mr. Speaker, and is as follows:

106 Members being found to be present, Thomas Esquire, Robert Paris , Esquire,

The Petitioner, his Counsel, and Agents, and the honourable Charles , honourable Edward

CounfeL and Agents for the Sitting Member, who at- Lord Charles Paul , Esquire, Sir

tended at the Door, were called in to the Bar, — The John Bart. William Hufey, Esquire, Frederick

Clerk of the Select Committees of Elections attending Montagu, Esquire, George Byng, Esquire, Richard Croftes, also at the Bar. Esquire, Anthony St. Leger, Esquire, Arthur

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk Esquire. was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the And the Names of the said Lord George Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration. and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, nominated as afore-

And the same being read accordingly; said, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members said 15 Members were called over, and being come of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was to the Table, they were acquainted by Mr. Speaker, that placed upon the Table, and the Seal being inspected they were a Select Committee appointed to try the Merits by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Outside of the Petition of Charles Ogilvy, Esquire, complaining of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, of an undue Election and Return for the Boroughs oijedThat the said Box was, on the 15th Day of April burgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Haddington: 1771, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed And they were then'sworn by the Clerk, as follows; by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in- You, and each of you, shall well and truly try the

tituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Matter of the Petition of Esquire,

EJeftions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parlia- referred to you, and a true Judgment give, ac-

ment," was read. cording to the Evidence.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened. So help you God.

the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, And the Petitioner, with the Counsel and Agents purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were on both Sides, were then directed to withdraw, by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put into the Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet said Box, on the 15 th Day of April 1771," was read; forthwith in the Committee Chamber, appointed for And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Paper, being all as near as might be, of an equal Size,

and rolled up in the same Manner, were by the Clerk. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, was referred to consider further of the Supply granted and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, had directed him to report to the House; which he read the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Speaker, who read the same to the House. Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-

And the Names of 39 Members, then present, were eth; drawn, who were not objected to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

And the Name of Thomas Lockhart, Esquire, being That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred drawn, and the House being informed, and the said Mr. and Twenty-eight Pounds and Two Shillings, be granted Lockhart having admitted, that his Return to serve in to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the-Parliament had not been brought in Fourteen Days, his New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, Name was let aside, with the Names of those who were in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1771. absent from the House. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Three were drawn, who were not objected to hundred Sixty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight

And the whole Number of 49 Members, so drawn'and Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty not set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Peti- to make good to the United Company of Merchants of tioner and the Sitting Member were severally called upon England trading to the East the Expences in-

by Mr. Speaker to nominate each of them One, from curred by the said Company in the Expedition to Ma-among the Members then present, whose Names had not antecedent to the Surrenderof the Island to the Com-

been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot, to serve pany’s Servants on the Second Day of November 1762. on the said Select Committee. The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

Whereupon the Counsel for the Petitioner named Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Lord George Germaine, and the Counsel for the Sitting agreed to by the House.

Member named the Lord Advocate of Scotland, who were not objected to Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

And Two Lists of the Names of the 49 Members, so from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it drawn as aforesaid, and not set aside, having been pre- was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for pared by the Clerk; railing the Supply granted to His Majesty,. the Resolu-

And the Door of the House being opened; tions which the Committee had directed him to report

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards the Petitioner, and the other of them to the Counsel for delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Petitioner, with read j and are as followeth; viz.

the Counsel and Agent on both Sides, together with the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. 33. 4 P That

Supply.

Wayi Mean*.

330 i 6° — 170 dprilis. 1771.

That the Sum of Thirty thousand Two hundred Ninety-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April 1771, of the Two Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended, be carried to, and made Part of, the Aggregate Fund; and that the said Fund be made a Security for the Discharge of such Annuities, and other Demands payable out of the said Sum, as the growing Produce of the said Two Sevenths Excise shall not be sufficient to answer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April 1771, for the Disposition of Parliament, over and above the Surplus of the Sinking Fund then remaining for the same Purpose.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bjll or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do also prepare the said Bill, or One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Isle Ordered', That the Order of the Day, for the House to

of Man. refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Methods for raising a Revenue in the Isle of Man, to defray the Charges of amending, repairing, and supporting, the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the said island, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mifiti*. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Whale Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Fishery. refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Meredith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Or- C«npowd«r. der, a Bill for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder; and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will immediately refoive Kafl-Iodia itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider biliary further of the Bill for the more effectually railing a Mili- orc*’ tary Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Poflessions of the Eqfi-India Company.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Silk next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufacture. to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17* die;

Anno 11° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keep- Taverafpite ing in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavern-Jpite, to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hub-berfton Haking, in the County of Pembroke, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite, to the Towns ^of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberflon Haking, in the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

11 Geo. III. 170 dprilis. 3 31

Fliicrofi’s Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Ettate. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Conveyance to Henry Flit croft, Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of York, purchased by the Trustees in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Goring, Esquire, and Fanny his Wife; and for confirming a Conveyance made by the said Henry Flit croft to the Use of the same Trustees of other Estates in Lieu thereof, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Whale Sir William Meredith, according to Order, reported

Fishery. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill (or the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed hitn to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Pultmry’s Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. ingrossed b;u from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the surviving Trustee named in the Settlement of William Pulteney, Esquire, and Frances his Wife, to

grant Lealcs of their Leasehold Estate in was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Copfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Hartford Sir John Hynde Cotton, reported from the Committee, Inclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parishj and Liberties, of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that the Allotment to be made to the Duke of -chester, shall be near the rest of his Lands.

VOL. 33.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do make the Report from Wedon, the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in-doling the Open and Common Fields, Common l"coure’ Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wedonand Wtston, otherwise Wedo Pinkney, otherwise

Loys Wedon, in the County of Northampton, was committed.

Mr. Skipwith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the,

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Quarter of a Yard Land, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed confilts of 50 Yard Lands and an Half) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom Watford, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-rrion Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, InclostuJ* Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Murcott, in the Parishes of Watford and Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, anti found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amende ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported isle from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it of Mu. -was referred to consider of proper Methods for raising a Revenue in the Isle of Man to defray the Charges of amending, repairing, and supporting, the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the said Island; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Duties, payable on Account of the Harbours of the Isle of Man, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny per Ton be laid upon all Ships and Vessels, not being laden, or in Ballast, belonging to any of His Majesty’s Subjects; which, shall arrive or put into any of the Harbours in the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Two Pence per Ton be laid upon all such

Ships

33^ 17" Aprili 1771*.

Ships and Vessels, being laden, or having any Cargo on Board, whether they shall break Bulk, or deliver any Part of their Cargo or not.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny Ton be laid upon all Ships and Vessels, which shall be repaired in any of the Harbours in the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per Ton be laid upon all Foreign Ships and Vessels, not being laden, or in Ballad only, which shall arrive or put into any of the Harbours in the said Island.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence per Ton be laid upon all Foreign Ships and Vessels, which shall arrive or put into any of the Harbours in the said Island, without breaking Bulk, or delivering any Part of their Cargoes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pence Ton be laid upon all Foreign Ships and Vessels, which shall break Bulk, and deliver any Part of their Cargo.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pence per Ton be laid upon all such Foreign Ships and Vessels as shall repair in any of the Harbours in the said Island.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be laid upon every Foreign Ship and Vessel which shall anchor in any of the Bays of the said Island.

Re/b/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence Ton bejaid upon all Spirits imported into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence Hogs-head be laid upon all Tobacco imported into the said Island.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings per Hundred Weight be laid upon all Teas imported into the said Island.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling per Hundred Weight be laid upon all Coffee imported into the said Island.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Ton be laid upon all Wines imported into the said Island.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per Chalder be laid upon all Coals imported into the said Island, to be reckoned according to the Cocquet at the Port of Exportation.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty after the Rate of Ten Shillings Centum, ad Valorem, be laid upon all Foreign Goods (Wines, Spirits, and Salt excepted) imported into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty after the Rate of Five Shillings per Centum, ad Valorem, be laid upon all other Goods, imported from Great Britain or Ireland, into the said Island, except Licensed Goods and Salt for the Fisheries, of above the Value of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence per Quarter be laid upon all Corn and Grain imported into, or exported from, the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny per Hundred Weight be laid upon all Meal and Flour imported into, or exported from, the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence per Head be laid upon all Horses, and Black Cattle, imported into, or exported from, the said Island.

Rje/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, be applied, from Time to Time, towards amending, repair-3

ing, and supporting, the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the said Island.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House* according to Order, a Bill to explain an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and Product of America; and to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yam, landed at certain Places therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Edmon/lone presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Carters, Carts, Carriages, Loaded Horses, Hawkers, Pedlars, Huckfters, Tinkers, and Petty Chapmen , and for filling up of Coal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions, and Nuisances, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edmon/lone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edmon/lone reported from the Committee, That' they had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Angui/h:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for

Copper

Coin.

Naval

Stores.

(America and the Levant.)

Highwtjs,

(Scotland.)

Garten, Carts, See. (Scotland.)

Herrxa|

Fishery.

Hackney

Coachmen*

&c.

Peebles,

&c.

Roads.

Shelton

(Stafford Qlire) Road.

Sebrabam

Tythet.

Ladus Pen Drainage.

New

Hampshire

(America).

Ditto.

11 Geo. III.

17° Apr.

for punishing Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen within certain Districts and Places therein mentioned, and for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles, to the King's Eat edge, and to Gatehvpe -burnfoot, and to the Top of , and to

head, in the County of Peebleswithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from , to

the Road between Cheadle and , and from Bucknall to Weflon Coyney; and from the Road between and Leek, to the Turnpike Road above

333

" dition against Crown Point, in the Year 1756, for " Money advanced and paid for Provisions, and other " Charges and Expences, for promoting and carrying " on said Expedition, exclusive of the Charge of failing,

" cloathing, arming, and paying, the Forces, amounting to the Sum of £.6,009. 13 3 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Pay mailer General, and Secret " tary at War’s Report on Mr. Memorial,

" as Agent for the Province of New And

also,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Earl of " on the Memorial of Barlow , Esquire, and the Papers annexed."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table,

and from the same Road, to the Road between Bl to be perused by the Members of the House.

Marsh and Thorpe, at or near Gate, in the County of Stafford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging from Tithe certain Lands in the Parish of Sebraham, otherwise Seberg in the County of Cumberland-, and for making Compensation to the Curate of the said Parish for the fame; without any Amend-? ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in Ladus Fen, in the lile of Ely -, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Barlow Trecothick, Agent for the Province of New Hampshire, in New England, being offered to be presented to the House; *

The Lord Notth, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Conrsideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in order to the effectual carrying on the late War in North America, it was signified by

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tq resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to incapacitate John Burnett, Charlet Hannington, Francis Hafelgrove, Thomas grove, John Pedman Junior, Ralph Moor, Thomas Par-Jons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheesman, Richard

Supply.

Ways and Means.

New

Shoreham

Ele&ioo.

Letter to the Governors of Massachusetts Bay and New Blair, George , John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick

Hampshire, and of the Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers, Samuel Tuppen, John Island, that the Railing of Men, their Pay, Arms, and Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, John Matthias

Cloathing, was all that would be required of those Pro vinces; and that it had been determined, that Stores and Provisions of all K'mds for the whole Army should be provided at the foie Expence of the Crown; and that, before their receiving the said Letter, it was found necessary for the Colonies to raise and march their Troops, and to furnish them with Provisions and Stores

Thomds Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, James Robinson, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert' Parker, John Hogsflefh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook Junior, Richard,

William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, Johti Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Cralwick, Nathanael Hillman, Thomas,

at their own Expence; and that, in the Year 1758, the John William Cooler, Thomas Frofi, Michael Smith,

House voted for the Reimbursement of the Province 6f Massachusetts Bay, the Sum of £.27,387. 19 11

and for the Colony of Connecticut the Sum of £. 13,736. 17 s.7 d.and afterwards a Reimbursement to the Colony of Rhode Island; and that the Coll of Provisions

and Stores borne by the Province of New Hampshire, exclusive of the Charge of railing, paying, and cloathing.

Richard Carver, Michael Dun ant, Emery Churcher, John Wort on, Walter Broad, Thomas Hollingham, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Samuel Wilson, Clement Freeman, William Laffeter, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter,

John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Thomas -binfon, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John

their Quota of Troops, amounted to the Sum of £.6,009. Dedman Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, -13*. 3 d. Sterling, as by the Accounts ready to be pro- mas Gear, William Rtt/bridge, Robinson, and Henry

duced; and that the said Account of Expence was long Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve since transmitted to their Agent, whose illness prevented in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Cor-his making proper Application for its Payment; and ruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parlia-therefore, in Behalf of the said Province, the Petitioner ment for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County prays a Reimbursement of the aforesaid Sum of £.6,009.;

13 s. 3 d.lo long since expended by the Province. ~

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Hafelgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, John , Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel

Tuppen, John Sawyer, Pockney, Joseph Dedman,

over His Majesty’s Province of New Hampshire, of the John , William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert

Account of the Committee appointed by the Gene- Parker, John Hogsflefh, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, ral Afl'embly of His Majesty’s Province of New Hamp- Richard William Turner, Charles Mitchell, John shire, to provide Provisions and Stores for the Expe- Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel,

Vol. 33. 4 Q Nathanael

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper intituled, " Certificate of Bentting " Esquire, Governor and Commander in Chief in and

334

170 — 18° Aprilisy/. 1771.

Nathanael Hillman, AshmanWilliam Cooler, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Rickard Carver, Michael Durr ant, Walter Broad, Richard Stone ham, James Bennett, Clement

Freeman, William Jupp, JWi/i C«r/, Barnard, James Mitchell, James Miller, William Randall But-

ton, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry

Robinfm, Thomas Roberts, Emery Churcher, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Crowter, George Brozvne, William Cheesman, John Purse, John Snook Junior, Walter Sawyer, Jeffery Carver, William Hards, and Henry Hannington, was also read.

And several Witnessfes were examined in Support of the Bill.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejbhcd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4

yovtSj 18# die;

Anno 11* Georgii III1" Regis, 1771.

London Sewers, Streets, &c.

Market Har borough, &c. Road.

Stone, &c.

( Stafford Ih ire)

Road.

Bradford,

he.

Canal.

Harapflead

Norreys,

he.

Jndofure.

Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

XX. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleaning, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of and for re-

pairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place , called Filling Gate, to a Road called The Fofs Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton bray to the Guide Post in Sain Margaret's Field, Leicester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandon on Meir Heath, and from thence to Blithe Bridge, and also from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford Bridge, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at in the

Township of Idle, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

within the Manor of Hampstead Norreys, in the Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wavertoo, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, io*£f0re Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Waverton, otherwise Wareton, in the Parish of Rolesworth, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Juflu*, naturalizing Jacob Matthias JuJfusand Chris- &c-tian Blanckenhagen; to which the Lords desire the Con- *^at-currence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Harraad’* naturalizing Francis Hairand; to which the Lords de- Nar*

fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Me of Wight Parishes of Brading, Brixton, Skaffleet, Freshwater, Yar- *>oor» fcc* mouth, Carijbrook, and GodfhilI,in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending, for establishing Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the general Reception and Maintenance of the Poor of_ the said Island; and that Petitions have been presented* to the House, by the Officers of the said Parishes, praying to be excepted out of the said Bill; and that such Step was not taken with their Consent, who are the principal Inhabitants of the said several Parishes; and that the Pe-' titioners, having heard the said Bill read and explained, and being convinced of its great Utility, pray, that the same may pass into a Law, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, on Behalf of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing a House or Houses of Industry, in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal In- Ditto; habitants, of the Isle of Wight, in the County o(Sout Hampton,

was allb presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Bill depending in the House, for establishing Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the general Reception and Maintenance of the Poor, in the said Island, will (if passed into a Law) tend to their more effectual Relief and Support, and be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants: And therefore praying.

That the said Bill may be passed into a Law, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Sambrooke Freeman reported from the Committee, Hume* to whom the Bill for improving and completing the awl Ifi* Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifs, from the City Navigation, of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also the Petition of Richard Michell, of Culham Court, in the Parish of Wargrave, in the County of Berks, Esquire, were referred; That the Committee had heard the first mentioned Petitioners by their Counsel (no Person appearing in Support of the second mentioned Petition), and had also heard Counsel for the Bill; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read

ii Geo. III. 18° Aprilis.335

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dif-agreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Clerkenwell An ingrafted Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, (St. John) and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Pal-Stxeeti, &c. sages, within the Parish of Saint Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the Parish of Saint in

the County of Middlesex; and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thomas Townshend, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Greenland A Petition of John Dobson, of Merchant,

Fishery. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner’s Ship, called The Lord Molineux, failed from Liverpool, upon the 2 7th of March 1770, duly fitted out, and bound for the Greenland Fishery, and did, in Company with the Betty, of this Port, catch in those Seas Three Whales; and returned to upon the 19th

eft August last, having fully complied with every Requi-fition stipulated by the Act of Parliament to entitle the Petitioner to receive the Bounty on the said Ship; but the Words of the Oath to be taken upon granting a Certificate to receive the Bounty are, " That all the Whale " Fins and Blubber, imported in the said Ship, this pre-feat Voyage, were really and bond side caught and taken " in the said Seas by the Crew of the said Ship only and that the Petitioner, as such Oath could not, with Truth, be literally sworn to, had the Word " only" left out, and inserted, agreeable to the Fast, " by the Crews u of the said Ship, and the Betty, belonging to this Port," to which the Captain and Mate, as required, made Oath; whereby the Bounty is withheld from the Petitioner, as the Lords of the Treasury adjudge themselves not empowered to dispense with any Alteration of the Words or Form which the Law has prescribed: And therefore praying such Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir William , Mr.

Townshend, &c.:And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Jutterwidc, An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open 4c. Fields, in the Township of Butterwick, in the Parish of lndofore. Foxholes, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

I in the Township of Butterwick, in the Parish of

in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shelley’* Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, EOate. to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Sir John

Shelley, Baronet, and of the Right honourable John Shelley, his Son, in the several Counties of Kent and Wilts, ' and also of a Farm, called in the Parish

I of Saint Fancras, in the County of Sussex; and for apply-

Vol. 33.

ing the Monies to arise by such Sale, in Discharge of the Portions of the Daughters of the said Sir John Shelley, af* fefting the Estates of him and his said Son; and for other Purposes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the jame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harrand’* for Naturalizing Francis Harr and, was read the First Nat.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act JufW*, for Naturalizing Jacob Matthias JuJlus and Theophilus *Qi Christian Blanckenhagen, was read the First Time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Corn resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade, consider of the present State of the Corn Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Rice, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice from East and TV eft Florida, to the Southward of Cape in

Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Cattle, Reading of the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Live *c*

Cattle, and other Flcfh Provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Several Persons, attending at the Door, were called in, and examined at the Bar.

And then they withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question, being put,

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^\x ChaHes Whitwort} 66‘

Tellers for the Noes, Whitwort: } 40 *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Votes of St affordshire the 31st Day of January last, for referring the Petition fr?"*1.', , of the Bailiff, Justice, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the ( 1 rtm> Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, in

Common Council assembled, and also of the principal

Tradesmen

Harpur’s

Estate.

Miftfrton

Ioclofare.

336 18° — 190 1771.

Tradesmen and Manufacturers of the said Borough; and also the Petition of the Proprietors of Land, and of Coal Mines, near or adjoining to the Birmingham Canal, of Navigators and Dealers in Coal, and of others who are interested in the proper Conduct of the said Canal; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, principal Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the Borough of Stafford, in the county of ;

and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council Men, and other the principal Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worceferjliire Canal Navigation, was referred, might

be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the Committee to whom the said Petitions were referred, was dropped;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That the said Committee be revived.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellere for the Teas, J} 2,‘

Tellers for the Noes, jBigot.- j ‘S'

And it appearing upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that 40 Members were not present, and it being then after Four of the Clock,

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till To-moiTow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

----- — 1.__________ Um --, l- *.*+.-. +

Veneris, 190 die Afrilts;

Anno it* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1771* Prayer*.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Henry Ha Baronet, to make Leases of his Estates in the Counties of Derby and Staff ford, for Three Lives, or 99 Years, or such other Leases as are therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Me-thuen, Mr. Hotham, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock-, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mijlerton, in the County of *

was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of certain Open and Inclosed Lands, in in the County of Nottingham, which immemorially have been, and

are, claimed to be held and enjoyed, discharged from the Payment of Tythes in Kind, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about Twenty Tofts, and of about 150 Acres of Open and Inclosed Lands, who are respectively entitled to Right of Common on the Commons and Wastes intended to be inclosed, and the Owners of about too Acres of Arable, and about 26 Acres of Meadow Land, proposed to be inclosed, although several of them made no material Objection to the Bill; and that the whole Number of Tofts is about 130, and the whole Quantity of Lands

entitled to Right of Common as aforesaid, is about 3,000 Acres; and that the said Commons and Wades are about 2,500 Acres) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for reducing into One Act of Parliament the Gunpowder, several Laws relating to the keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder; and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in- too great Quantities; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Mr Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for widening the Highways in that Part of HigtarW Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second (Scotland). Time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed to Mr. trtonstone, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Ajjo*nu»<w. the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mir. James Dmdas reported from the Committee, to Edinburgh Whom the Bill for cleansing, lighting, and watching, StrKt!i the several Streets, and other Passages, on the South 4c‘ Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nu* fances and Annoyances thereftoitt, and preventing the same for the future, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleaion*. last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bilfbe committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Herring the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encourage- Fishery ment of the White Herring Fishery, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Edmonstone accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amend*

11 Geo. III. 190 Aprilis. 337

Amendments, in at the1 Clerks Table: Where the tions of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a be now read.

Second Time, One by Ohe j and, upon the Question And the said Order being read accordingly; severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* several of them, agreed to by the House j and several ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Amendments were made, by the House, to the Dill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply* ingrossed. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to Hife Ma-Copper A Bill for the more effectually preventing the Coun- jesty, be now read.

Ccin. terfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm, was read a And the said Order being read accordingly >

Second Time. Ordered, That the Petition of Barlow

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. __ Agent for the Province of New , in New

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit* England, be referred to the said Committee, tee of the whole House. Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Certificate of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* " Benning Wentworth, Esquire, Governor and Coming next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " mander in Chief in and over His Majesty’s Province House, upon the said Bill. " of Hampshire, of the Account of the Committee?

" appointed by the General Assembly of His Majesty’s Naval A Bill to explain an Act, made in the Eighth Year " Province of New Hampshire, to provide Provisions Stores. of the Reign of his late- Majesty King George the First, " and Stores for the Expedition against Crown , in and'*' intituleck " An Act giving further Encouragement for " the Year 1756, for Money advanced and paid for the Levant), the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Fur- " Provisions, and other Charges and ExpenCes, for proposes therein mentioned, lo tar as relates to the Impor- moting and carrying on said Expedition, exclusive tation of unmanufactured Wood, of the Growth and " of the Charge of railing, cloathing, arming, and pay-Product of America-, and to explain so much of an Act, ing, the Forces, amounting to the Sum of £.6,009. made in the Twenty, sixth Year of the Reign of his late 13 J. 3 j*/." be referred to the said Committee.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Paymaftef enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant General and Secretary at War’s Report on Mr.

Seas, as relates to the Importation of Raw Silk and " Memorial, as Agent for the Province of

Mohair Yard, landed at certain Places therein men- Nezv be referred to the said Committee,

tioned," was read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Report of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. " Earl of Loudoun, on the Memorial of Barlow *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee " cothick, Esquire, and the Papers annexed," be referred of the whole House. to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Then the House resolved itself into the said Coming next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole mittee.

House, upon the said Bill. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Corn-Lottery. Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- mittee.

cording to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And. sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, the same was received; and read the First Time. That they had come to a Refoldtion; Which they had

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. directed him to report, when the House will please to

receive the same.

Isle of Man Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Ordered, That the Report be received upon arbour*, cording to Order, a Bill for repairing, amending, and Morning next, supporting, the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the

Isle of Man: And the same was received; and read the a Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. First Time. Anguish: ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ati Act Stuett2nf Militia. An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common ^dofae. Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Fields, called Common Field, and certain Com-

Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the rnon or Waste Grounds, called Strelton Heath, and Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hun- Strelton Horse Slead, in the Parish of Strelton on the dred and Seventy-one, was read the Third Time. Fofs, in the County of Warwick-, without any Amend-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ment: And also, be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Act Act Liverpool

Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed p *°

called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty- in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Nineteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, Seventy-one; for indemnifying the Landholders of the for repairing the Road" from Liverpool to and

Isle of Wight, from the Payment of the Monies due by other Roads in foftie of the said Acts mentioned, in the virtue of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present County Palatine of Laneafer, and for reducing the same Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. _ into One Act; for amending the Road from the Cause-Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill way to Blacklow Brow through Huyton, to the Turnpike to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also

Lime Kiln Lane, from the said Causeway, to Ranclagk Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to House in Liverpool-, and so prevent Frauds and Abusest Mwufa ure. ref0jve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to being committed by Persons employed - in conveying consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His pre- Coals along the said Roads; With fbme Amendments; sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Impor- to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrehce tation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a of this House: And also,

limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combina- The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act

Vol. 33. 4 R for

338 \<f Ap177*.

Sir Booth for veiling the Manor, Capital Messuage, Barton Farm, teenth and Twenty-sixth of King George the Second, for W-lliW. an(j Demesne Lands of Cadhay, situate in Ottery Saint repairing the Road from Liverpool to and other

*,e' Mary, in the County of Devon, Part of the settled Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for Estate of Sir Booth Williams, Baronet, in Trustees, to amending the Road from to the Cause-

be fold, and for laying out the Money anting by such way leading from to Liverpool, and alia through

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredita- to in aforesaid;

ments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Gascoym do prepare, subsisting with regard to the said settled Estate; to and bring in, the lame, which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

Duke of The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Portland's vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, several Manors, 8°EtoePt0" Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the Estate of the Moll noble Henry Cavendish, Duke of Portland, upon Trull to sell the same, and to apply the Money to arise by Sale thereof in Manner therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the Estate of the Moll noble William Henry Cavendish Duke of Portland, upon Trull to sell the same, and to apply the Money to arise by Sale thereof in Manner therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Liverpool The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Prescott Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Koadi. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, pasted in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the Nineteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in some of the said Acts mentioned, in the County Palatine of and for reducing

the same into One Act; for amending the Road from the Causeway at Blacklow Brow, through Huy ton, to the Turnpike Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also Lime Kiln Lane, from the said Cauieway, so RanelaghHouse in Liverpool; and to prevent Frauds

and Abuses being committed by Persons employed in conveying Coals along the said Roads."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 54. 1. 27. Leave out from " recoverable" to " And" in Pr. 57. 1. 3.

In the Title of the Bill 1. 11, leave out from "

" poo" to the End of the Title.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

If. The House was moved. That the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, One pasted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the other pasted in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and also for repairing the Road from Prescott, through Whiston, Raiukill , Bold, and Sankey, to the Town of Warrington, as also the Road from Saint Helen's Chapel to Ashton, in the said County Palatine, which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January lasty and also, the Report which was nude from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ditto. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the Nine-

Mr. Montagu informed the House, That the Select Jc^, Tik« Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles Ogilvy,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Boroughs of Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Haddington, was referred, have tried the Matter of the said Petition, and have determined.

That Patrick Warrender, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

1 An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor or Common called Elvet Moor, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham-, and for Br* extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Intercommon Lands in the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor or Common called Elvet Moor, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham -, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Intercommon Lands in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Several Papers, containing Copies of all Minutes America: made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, Eimorfiiw since the 27th Day of November 1764, for regulating SerMCe* the Extraordinary Services to be incurred in America, and the Manner of drawing for, or paying the fame; and of all Letters wrote thereupon, by any of the Secretaries of His Majesty’s Treasury, to any of His Majesty’s Commanders in Chief there -, and of all Let- t ters received thereupon, by any of the said Secretaries, from any of the said Commanders.

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the said Schedules were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for O* granting a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak /^BeritoF Staves and Heading, from the Province of Quebec, in America: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parkinson for veiling the settled Estates of Thomas f^^ote's

Edward Heathcote, and Catharine his Wife, and their Etbne. respective Children, lying in the Counties of Nottingham,

Lincoln, and Chester, in Trustees, to fell a sufficient Part thereof, for Payment of Debts and Legacies affecting the fame, and for making a Partition of the Remainder thereot, and settling the entire Premises to the Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. . An

u Geo. Ill, 1f Aprilis. 3 $9

Sir iheth An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An V.'ii|iams’» Act for vesting the Manor, Capital Messuage, Bartow fcltaw« farm, and Demelne Lands of Cat I hay, firuate in Ottery Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Booth Williams, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, which are now subsisting with regard to the said settled Estate, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lordsj by Mr. and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

Stanwelt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tooifwlu, to empower Sir John Gibbons to shutupthe Foot Paths over certain Lands in the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, and to extinguish all Claims and Right of Common in and over the said Lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in Repair a Foot Path in lieu thereof; and to veil certain Premises, and a Sum of Money, in Trustees, for the Use, of the Poor of the said Parish, without any Amendment: And also.

Willow, The Lorcis have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act luclotarc for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Common and Walls Lands, in the Liberties or Hamlets of Kilby and Newton Harcourt, in the Parish of IViflow, and County of Lei-cester-, without any Amendment: And also,

Naur ton Xhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

InclosuM* ^or d*v‘ding and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton , in the County of Worcester-,without any Amendment: And also,

Bishop The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act leJoUve, ^or dividinS and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln -, without any Amendment: And also*

Burton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pallet' for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Com-Incoure. mon Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pallure Grounds, Lammas Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets and Liberties of and Northend, in

the Parish of Burton Daffett, in the County of Warwick j without any Amendment: And also,

Strctton-undnt- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act {* for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields 0 ure. Stretton-under-Fofs, in the Parish of Monk's Kirby,

in the County of Warwick-, without any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

tee to whom the said Petitions Were referred, was dropped; '

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the-fiftd Committee be revived;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j CdoSfZ,'goyn,: } 26'

Tellers for the Noeq"".^'' } 94-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of those, whole Names arp thereunder set Ifleof Wight stnd subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Poor, &. c. Setting forth, That the Petitioners did sign a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill for establishing Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, and for the Reception, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor of the several Parishes therein; but that the original Scheme being varied in many essential Parts, particularly by increasing the original Sum of £. 10,000 proposed to be borrowed for the Purposes of the Act, to £. 20,000, although it is admitted by all concerned, that the formed Sum will be more than ample to answer the Ends proposed; and that the Petitioners have not had proper Time to weigh and consider the Operation and Consequences of the said Bill; but the Purport of several Clauses therein has lately transpired, of which the Petitioners greatly disapprove: And therefore praying.

That the Petitioners may be now considered as Petitioners against the said Bill; and that the House will not suffer the same to pass, as not fitting the intended Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing a Hople or Houses of Industry, in the Isle of , for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said llland is committed.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Liverpool to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the Nineteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amending the Road from the Cause-way at Blacklow Brozv, to the Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also through Lime Kiln Lane, to JJanelagh House, in Liverpool aforesaid: And the iame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Stafford (hi re, See. Canal.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to FitzGerald’s of the 31st Day of January last, for referring the Petition whom the Bill for divelling out of the Crown, and to Estate.

of the Bailiff, Justice, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the veil in Gerald FitzGerald, of Rathrone, in the County Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his in Common Council assembled, and also of the principal Heirs, the Reversion in Fee, of and in several Lands Tradesmen, and Manufacturers of the said Borough; in Ireland, therein mentioned, was committed; That and also, the Petition of Proprietors of Land, and of the Committee had examined and found that the Stand-Coal Mines near or adjoining to the Birmingham Canal, ing Ordefs of the House, concerning Notices to be of Navigators and Dealers in Coal, and of others who given in Ireland, before any Private Bill relating to are interested in the proper Conduct of the said Canal; Inflates there be brought in, had been complied with; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capi- and that the Committee had examined the Allega-tal Burgesses, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen of tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford; the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Com- several Amendments thereunto, which they* had di-mon Council Men, and other the principal Inha- rested him to report to the House; and lie read the bitants of the City of Worcester, to the Committee to Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.: of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Naviga- Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; tion, was referred, might be read. and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

And the same was read accordingly. Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

And the House being informed, that the Commit* House,

Yql. 33. Order*-It

Bast India Military Force.

Ways and Means.

Near

Shoreham

Election.

340 19° — 22

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually railing a Military Force for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read- the Third Time upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, if the said

Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to fconlider further of Ways and Means for* railing the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House rel'olved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Francis Thomas

Hafelgrove, John Pedman Junior, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Rob William,

Richard Blair, George BrowJohn Parsons, John

Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, John Bicknell, Mathias Truster, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, James Robinson, John William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflejh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook Junior, Richard Ttlftone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathanael Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooter, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durr ant, Emery Churcher, John Worton, Walter Broad, Thomas Hcllingham, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Samuel Wilson, Clement Freeman, William William Jupp,

Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar otherwise Miller, William Jeffery Carver, Thomas Robinson, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Suffer.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Montagu accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be diffident for the Use of the Members of the House.

7

Aprilis. A, 1771*

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 220 die;

Anno n° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1771.

Praters.

THE House being informed that Mr. Edward Bank Stone, from the Governor and Company of the ©ftugUni Bank of England, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders.

A Lift of Subscribers to the Lottery 1769: And Lot'try. also,

A Lift of Subscribers to the Lottery 1770, of Four Din*. Tickets for every £. 100 of the per Cents, subscribed into 3 per Cents. Consolidated Annuities.

And rhen he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessions.

Mr. Sloane reported from the Committee, to whom jfle the Bill for establishing a House or Houses of Industry, of Wigbt in the IJleoj Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, Poor, 4c. and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Pari Hies of Newportf Brooke, Brixton, Carijbrooke, Saint Helens, Skn/fieet, Brad* ing, Gatcombe, Arreton, Godjhill, and New church, in the

Isle oj Wight, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Whippingham and Yarmouth, in the Isle oj Wight, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Brading, Brixtcn,

Sha/fleet, Freshwater, Yarmouth, Carijbrook, and Godjhill, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the of Wight, in the County of Southampton, were referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel upon the Two First-mentioned Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for feving the Rights of the Lords of the Manor of the Forest of Parkhurst.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Anthony Abdy reported from the Committee, to Corfellis* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ElUtes.

Act

ii Geo. III.

34*

Art for veiling Part of the Estate late of

Jellis, Esquire, deceased, at and in

the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money toc’ifcharge Incumbrances, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hint to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Abdy do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Preston Mr. Southwellreported from the Committee, to whom and Stratton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common . indofure. Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Downs, in the Parishes of Prrston and , in the County of

Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners and Proprietors of 38 Acres 3 Roods of Land, who live at a Distance, and were not applied to; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed is'2,024 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theft a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Harrand’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

NaL for naturalizing Francis was read a Second

Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Laws The House was moved, that the Petition of Sir Lau-(Orlcne'S fence Dundas, Baronet, on Behalf of himself, and the

n<;y.) ot^er Lancj Owners, in the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inflruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon last, were

reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to be limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney.

Ditto: Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a BUI to continue several Laws for the better Regulation ot Lallage and Ballastage in the River Thames, and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed ordifguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations; for repealing so much of an

Vol. 33.

Art, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and is relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Corn; and for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to be limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley, called bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Elands of Orkney: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 28. After " " to insert " or to

" Braffey Sound, in Shetland."

Pr. 9. I.27. After " In" to insert " or t j

" BraJJey Sound, in Shetland,

" belltoxvn and after " ArgyllJhirt"to insert " or Kirkwall, in " Orkney."

Pr. 10. I.15. After " Invernefsto insert " or to

" BraJJey Sound, in Shetland, Campbe/itown."

1. 16. After " Shire", to insert "

" wall, in Orkney."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonflone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Herring

Fishery.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Watford, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- &<?. dows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, Inclosure* within the Parish and Liberties of , and within

the Hamlet and Liberties of Murcotl, in the Parishes of Watford and Long Buckb\,in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Murcott, in the Parishes o| ford and Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was mov«3, that the Order, made upon OakSuves, Friday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for &cgranting a Bounty upon the Importation of White (QHebec-) " Oak Staves and Heading, from the Province of Quebee, in America," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Di«°* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof a proper Bounty to be allowed upon the Importation of White Oak Staves and Heading from His Majesty’s Plantations in America.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

4 S Ordered,

34*

22* Ap

A. 1771.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Rice. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to nefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act:, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape , in Europe,

as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolim and Georgia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworthtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

*S*otm Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Raw Silk *° rel°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &c. ’ upon the Bill to explain an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and Pro-dust of America; and to explain so much of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, landed at certain Places therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Copper Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Com. to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing the Counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whilworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Carters, An ingrafted Bill for the better Regulation of Carters, ^c- Carts,. Carriages, Loaded Horses, Haw'kers, Pedlars, xi>co an .) jjuckfters, Tinkers, and Petty Chapmen; and for filling up of Coal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of

Obstructions and Nuisances within that Part of Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposet! to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1: 23* h 34-Pr. 7. I. 7.

1.

To leave out " Hawkers," and to leave out " Huckfters."

To leave out " Hawker," and to leave out " Huckfter."

After " Peace" to insert l< who are " hereby authorized and required " to grant the fame."

to.

1. ir. 1. 14.

To leave out " Hawker," and to leave out " Huckfter."

After " his" to insert " or her."

To leave out " Hawker," and to leave out " Huckfter."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carts, Carriages, Loaded Horses, Pedlars, Tinkers, and Petty Chapmen: and for filling up of Coal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nuisances within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for improving and completing the Thame* Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, from the City a«d Ifi* of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of lNiav,8au°,*‘ Wilts, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; jviz.

Pr. 24. 1. 5. To leave out Place," and insert " Cafe" instead thereof.

Pr. 43. 1. 23. After " Grounds" to insert " now."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJfrom the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Th« der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum l7Sil\lcil?g of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying un *

certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1771; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-Sevenths Excise; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Lottery. Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednes Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to whom S' Luke's the Bill for paving and keeping in Repair the several (Middlesex) Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Streets, fcc.

Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for widening the Passages at the West End of ChStreet, and at the South End of Brick Lane; and to make a Street or Way from the North End of Norman Street, through certain Garden Grounds and Fields, to the City Road;

for

11 Geo. III.

343

for removing Obstructions and Annoyances from the said Streets, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Trustees acting under an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Stones End, near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Bridge in Old Street Road, and through Old Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex to he West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Street, and of several of the Creditors who have lent Money on the Security of the Tolls granted in and by the said Act; and also, the Petition of the Trustees acting under an Act, made in the First Year of His pre-; sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making widening, and repairing, a Road from the North East Side of the Goswell Street Road, next in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called the

New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse B and at and from the Doghouse Barr, to the End of Chiswell Street by the

Artillery Ground, and of several of the Creditors who have lent Money on the Security of the Tolls granted in and by the said Act; and also, the Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits o and Finf-

bury Divisions, in the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of John Irish, James Johufon, and George Gentlemen; were severally referred , That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Quel-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the last Stealing Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing n<’' the Stealing of Dogs: And also, °gs*

An Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act Gjuie-for the better Preservation of the Game, yvitliin that Fart of Great Britain called England, might be read.

And. the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being pro-poled, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Acli passed in the last Session or Parliament, intituled, An Act for the betterRreservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called ’England-,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " repeal," and inserting the Words " alter, explain, and amend " instead thereof.

And, the Question being put, That the Word "repeal "

{land Part of t he Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} 43-

Tellers for the Noes, { ] 93

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words "alter,

" explain; and amend," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lo amended, being put.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, explain, and amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. ’Thomas 'Townsend. Junior, and the Lord Strange, do prepare, and bring in.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Refclution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand and Nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to H is Majesty, forreimburfing to the Province of New Hampshire their Expences, in furnishing Provisions and Stores to the Troops raised by than for His Majesty’s Service, for the Campaign in the Year 1756.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Wantage, Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Road for amending and widening the Road from Bejjel-

Jleigh, through Wantage, to in the County of Berks, and from Wa, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts-, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Want age Dozens, and from thence to Lamhorn, in the said County of , was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Dogs, poled. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " repeal," and in-lerting the Words " alter, explain, and amend " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " repeal" (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

1 w, f Mr. Alderman 7 „

Tellers for the Yeas, j Mj. . {48.

194-

f Sir John

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr. Thomas Townftend,

I Junior:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Questiob being put. That the Words " alter, " explain, and amend " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, explain, and amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee, Greenland to report to the House; and he read the Report in to whom the Petition of of Liverpool, Mer-

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the chant, was referred; That the Committee had examined Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the the Matter of Fast contained irt the said Petition; and Vot. 33. had

Hartford

laclosure*

Earls Barton Inclosure.

Hartford

Inclosure.

3 44 2 2 Ap* A. 1771.

had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was rea I; and is as followeth;

A Smie of the Matter of Fa<5V, contained in the said Petition, is as followeth:

Mr. Timas Booth, Clerk to Mr. Dobson, being examined, laid. That he knows the Ship, called Lord linr.cc, was fitted out with every Requisite that the Law directs.

Tint the said Ship is of the Burthen of 190 Tons, or thernbouts, and had on board 60 Fithing Lines, of 120 hamom each, 60 Harpoon Irons, and Six Boats, with Seven Men in each, and Two as an additional Number, together with Six Months Provision.

That the said Ship failed from Liverpool on the 27th of March 1770; and did, in Company with the Betty of the said Port, catch Three Whales; and returned to Liverpool on the 19th of August following, where she went through the Examination required by the Adk.

That, upon Application for the Payment of the Bounty for the said Ship, the Master refuted to take the Oath prescribed by the Act of 6th George the Second; which Act was produced, and read; alledging, that l)ie laid Fish Bone and Oil, which he had on Board, ^vas not taken by the said Ship only, but in Company with the Betty from the said Port: And he believes that all the Bone and Oil on board was taken in the Greenland Seas.

That Mr. Dobson has not received the said Bounty; and that the Owner of the said Ship the Betty hath received the Bounty due on the said Ship. And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That he had applied to the Lords of the Treasury, to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to pay the Bounty; who thought it a hard same; but that they were not at Liberty to dispense with the Oath, or any Part of it, contrary to Direction of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of , in

the County of Huntingdon; which Bill was, upon Wednesday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton i which Bill was, upon Tuesday the 9th Day of this Instant April, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con -sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

jr

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongleydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. WilbrahantBootle reported from the Committee,

to w'hom the Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from C»oat. the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, and there to join the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Metfey; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port to the House l, and lie read the keport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where; the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JLord letters for the Xeas,jMn }59-

Tellers for the Noes f Sir Bagot, letters for me Woes,|Mr QMm . } 49-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Amendments were accordingly read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Houseto Corn Trade, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Cattle, Sc. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flesh Provisions, from Great,

for a limited Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put„

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, j j 23

Tellers for the Noes. {

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Ele&ton*. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of

controverted

11 Geo. lit. 22b — 230 345

controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord John Cavendish took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

County of Sussex, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 230 die Aprish;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Lord John Cavendish accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bilt; and which they had directed him to report ta the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wed Morning next.

Silk 'The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Manufacture. Committee of the whole House, to Consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the.Silk Manufacture.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Anno ii° Georgii III. H Regis, 1771.

PR a ERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the - wedoo. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Common- Inclosure. able Lands, within the Manor and Parish of tdon and Weston, otherwise fVedon Pinkney, otherwise,

in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor'and Parish of and

otherwise Wedon Pinkney, otherwise Loys IVedon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Major Eger ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Miftertoa Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Indofare. Grounds, in the Parish of Mifterton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mijlerton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the

Loras, and desire their Concnrrence.

New

Shoreham

Election.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of The House being informed that Mr. Philips, from the whole House, to whom the Bill to incapacitate the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Francis Hafelgrove, Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Thomas Hafelgrove, John Pedman ]\sri\OT,_Ralph Moor, the House, pursuant to their Order,

Thomas Par Jons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas ninglon, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheef-man, Richard Blair, George Browne, John John

Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas John

Bicknell, Mathias Trujier, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedmnn,

John Dean, James Robinson, John Whiting, WJit am Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsfiefh,.John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook Junior, Richard Ti/flone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwic Nathanael Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooler, Thomas Frojl, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael *

Emery Churcher, John Wort on, Walter Broad, Thomas Hollingham, Richard Stoneham, James hennett, SamueZ Wilson, Clement Freeman, William William Jupp

Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Car ver, Thomas Robinson, Randall Button, James Carver, Jo/t> Martin, John Dedmari Senior, William Jennings,

Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Roi>inr and Henry Hannington, from voting at bers to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing bery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in ti.e VOL.33.

An Account of the Quantities of Culm transpotted Catra* from one Port of Great Britain to another, with the Duties levied thereon, fpftifying the Port of Shippings

, _Pellvery> during the last Five Years precedir*«t EhriJlmas 1770; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That, the said Account do lie upon Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the o Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An £or vesting in Trustees and their Heirs, several ors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, ii County of Southampton, the Estate of the Most ur.iliam Henry Cavendish Duke of Portland, upon T? 1 £fcT«tefeme, and to apply the Money to arise Sale thereof in Mannet therein mentioned, was rea

tefollTThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Resolved, And they are to meet

tham, Mr. Afternoon, Chamber.

Colonel

Kfontagu, &e.: And they Five of the Clock, in the

at

Speaafcc:.

St. L'l" sported ton *e Commit!.

to

whoQj

yorWaxA’i oK jfbete.

346 43* ApriliA. ifji-

Brampton whom the Bill for dividing and indoling the Commons ea le and Waste Grounds, within the Townfttip of Bramp-Imdofnre ton Mot then, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the' Allegations of the Bill, and found the' same to be true; and that the "Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, who refused to lign the Bill, who are possessed of 38 Acres of inclosed Lands within the said Township; and that the whole Quantity of inclosed Lands within the said Township is about 700 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Earl of Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee,

S"Ffl0',gh* *° wh°m the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ate’ An Act for discharging the Manor of Co/d/iefeldon, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife, and by a certain Act of Parliament, which passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for settling another Manor, and other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed } That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given tlpeir Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Minchan’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate for confirming and carrying into Execution an Agree-greement. jjen^ dated the 23d Day of June 1770, between Humphrey Minchin, Esquire, and George Clive, Esquire, and for veiling certain Estates, in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hanrher, Mr. Cuji, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Liverpool . A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three to Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, ^l^Road’«&C" the and 26th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster , and for amending the Road from the Causeway at Brow, to the Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also through Lime Kiln Lane to Ranelagh House, in Liverpool aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Sir William Meredith, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And a Motion being rhade, 'That the Coriiihittee have Leave to fit and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning;

The House was moved,< That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the First Day of June 1767, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Committee have Leave to fit,-and proceed upon the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 19th and 26th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in the County Palatine of caster; and for amending the Road from the Causeway at Blacklow Brow, to the Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also through Lime Kiln Lane to Ranelagh House, in Liverpool, aforesaid, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to Highway*. Whom the Bill for widening the Highways in that Part (Scotland.} of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sir Bootfc for veiling the Manor, Capital Messuage, Barton Farm, W>lliaa»’s and Demesne Lands of Cadhay, situate in Saint *’

Mary, in the County of Devon, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Booth Williams, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now subsisting with regard to the said settled Estate, was read a Second Time.

R.efolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sutton,

Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in *the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to Siint whom the Bill for paving and keeping in Repair the Luke’s several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of

Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for widening the Passages at the West End of Chiswell Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane -, and to make a Street or Way from the North End of Norman Street, through certain Garden Grounds and Fields, to the City Road; for removing Obstructions and Annoyances from the said Streets, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosi.ng the Open Eads and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Barton Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in inclosu,f*

the

fratat

Stores,

Raw Silk

Copper

Coin.

Rice.

Judas’:

Sec.

Nat.

11 Gfid. iiL

3'

347

the Parish of Earls Barton, in the County of Northamp- A Bill to continue several Laws for the better Regu- Law* ton, was read the Third Time. jation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, Expning.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass r And that the Title and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds,- and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton: Ordered, That Mr. Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence:

or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite: and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the Sugar Plantations; for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and,

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, repotted as relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Corn; and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to be Bill to explain an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigge,‘

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and Product of America; and to explain so much of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and House, upon the said Bill, regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the Importation of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, landed at certain Places therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, /with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

from the Port of Kirkwall, in the lllands of Orkney, was read a Second. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching. Hay don Square, The New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Church Court, and

Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy in the Minories, in the County of Mxddlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true,; and that the Com-

Haydon Square, c. l’aving.

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the to report to the House; and he read the Report in Bill for the more effectually preventing the Counter- his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the feiting the Copper Coin of this Realm, was committed. Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Second Time, One by One; and, upon 'the Question House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

J.I.’_____1 . 1 _ n*11 __! a_ 1 m I _ /% 1 «n nH *1 n A J . , . / *

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.'

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr from thC Lor<Js’ by Mr‘ and

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the to Corner House, ancj from thence to the Turnpike Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia- Road leading from to Steynuig, and from

ment, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty, in tier House aforesaid, to the Maypole, in the Town o

the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, to Henfield, in the County of Sussex; without any Amend

the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is ment: And also.

MImA

Crots

granted, by former Acts of Parliament, to Carolina and Georgia, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon th^ Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to Ly the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, w ingrafted. e

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An jcy

for naturalizing Jacob Matthias and A '/

Christian Blanckenhagen, was read a Second Time. *<S

Resolved, That the Bill be.commifted to Sir CA / Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, See.: And they are to

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in (he Snealr eC»l Chamber. 1 5

VOL

00"

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act f\ enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of fevexr made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign Ring George the First, and in the Twenty-fuft Year the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing t:

R.oat\s leading from the Town of to t_

r£Own of Dudley, in the County of and fr<

the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmim , Min the County of Warwick, so fat as the said /V relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from i c i Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bro. £i! wTbout any Amendment, And alto £ The r nrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An j to InlLoe he Term and Powers of an Act, made it* TwenXth Year of the Reign of King Second for repairing the Roads from the Kirk of Shafts, to the City of and b>r

Town of Hamilton*to the Town of , anc/

for repairine and widening the Road leading fronr the

CoS'aSthe county of^r, at or near

e;

\ey

vcy ^r.d

Jjivingflone,

Sec. Roads.

34^ 23 Apriltii‘ A. 1771.

the Town of Strathavek, in the County of Lanerk; without any Amendment: And also*

Mogntfield The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (S«£*> for repairing and widening the Road from the Turn-Road. pike Road at VinehalL, in the Parish of , in the County of Sussex, to Comer, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Berkley, and from Cross to Longley's Water Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

Liverpool The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to for repairing and widening the Road from Patrick's Cross, within the Town of , in the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster, to the Town of Prefion, in the same County Palatine; without any Amendment: And also, Long The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act RiOon for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Lands, Inclosure. and Grounds, at Long and Arnold, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

Sooth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leith for cleansing and lighting the 6treets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony's, and Yard Heads, thereunto adjoining; and for supplying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Cattle, Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, tb whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flesh Provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited Time, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dif-agreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Silk Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the

Manafa&nre. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture, is near expiring, and fit to be continued for a further Time to be limited. /

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of foreign Crapes and Tiffanies into Great Britain be prohibited for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Alderman Harley, and the Lord Beauchamp, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ediotargh ingrafted Bill for cleansing, lighting, and watch-Streett, ing, the several Streets, and other Passages, on the fcc. South Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing 7

Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the several Streets, and other Passages, on the South Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances theretrom, and preventing the same for the future.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Giltnour do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, presented to the House, Dop, according to Order, a Bill to alter, explain, and amend, Stealiag. an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Staking Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying cer- Fon^ tain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the &c* Year 1771; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Oak from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Stavei, was referred to consider of a proper Bounty to be allowed upon the Importation of White Oak Staves and ' Heading from His Majesty’s Plantations in America, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Tame were read; ai'd are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty of Six’Pounds be allowed for every One thousand and Two hundred (each Hundred containing Six Score) of Pipe Staves, each Stave not being left than Five Feet Six Inches long, from Four Inches and One Half of an Inch to Six Inches broad, and Two Inches thick at the thinnest Edge, which shall be imported from the First Day of January 1772, to the First Day of January 1775; and in the like Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty of Six Pounds be allowed for every One thousand and Eight such hundred of Hoglliead Staves, each Stave not being less than Four Feet Six Inches long, from Four Inches and One Half of an Inch to Six Ipches broad, and One Inch and Qne Half of an Inch thick at the thinnest Edge, which shall be imported from and after the said First Day of January 177?., to the First Day of January 1775; and in the like Proportion for any greater or less N umber.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty of Six Pounds be allowed for every Two thousand and Four such hundred of Barrel Staves, each Stave being from Three Feet Six Inches to Three Eeet Eight Inches at the least in Length, from Four Inches to Five Inches broad, and One Inch and One Half of an Inch thick at the thinnest Edge, which shall be imported from and after the said First Day of 1772, to

the First Day of January 1775; and in the like Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty of Six Pounds be allowed for every Three thousand and Six such hundred Pieces of Pipe, Hogshead, and Barrel Heading, each Piece of Pipe Heading being Two Feet Eight Inches long, each Piece of Hogshead Heading being Two Feet’ Four Inches

long.

ii Geo. lit.

2:3° Ap:

349

long, and each Piece of Barrel Heading being Two Feet and One Inch long, at the least; and each such respecttive Piece of Heading being from Five to Six Inches broad, and Two Inches thick at the thinnest Edge, which shall be imported, from and after the said First Day of January 177-2, to the First Day of January 1775; and in the like Proportion for any greater orless Number.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Four Pounds be :allowed for every 1,200 such Pipe Staves, for every. 1,8 co such HogChead Staves, for every 2,400 such Barrel Staves, and for every 3,600 Pieces of such Heading,; as before.described, which shall be imported, from and after the said First Day of January 1775, to the First; Day of January

I77«. .; .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That a Bounty of Two Pounds be allowed for every 1,200 such Pipe Staves, for every 1,800 such Hogsbead Staves, for every 2,400 such Barrel Staves, and fot every 3,600 Pieces of such Heading, as before de-lcribed, which shall be imported, from and after the said First Day of January 1778, to the First Day of 1781.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Bounty be paid out of His Majesty’s Customs.

- The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Rfesolutions; and that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Ordered, That the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Cattle, Live Cattle, and other Fieili Provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited Time, be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then

ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, lor the more effectually raising a Military Force, for the Protection of the Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for.be Yeas, } «

[Colonel Burgoyne, 1

Mr. Thomas Tvwu/JienJy > 45.

Junior: . J

And tile Numbers being equal, Mr. Speaker declared himself with the Yeas. 4

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amend menjts following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. it I.27. After " for’Vto insert "raising."

..... tl. 29. To leave out "OneRegiment or Corps,

\ " for the Purpose of levying, af-

" fembling, and training in ArLUS." Pr. 2V 1* 27:. To leave out "Thirty-two," and insert " Twenty-eight" instead thereof

F.;*fl India Military Force/

Lottery.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question A Motion was made, and the Question being put, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and

That there be laid before this House, a List of the Persons who have subscribed to the Lottery of the present Year, with the Number of Tickets for which each Person has subscribed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, rulleney,

(Mr. Seymour:

Tellers for the Noes 1Mr>

IOr the JNOCS’ I Mr.: \

So it passed in the Negative.

59-

93-

the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pals i

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, |^.he Earl of father lough, I

Mr. Sulivan,

Tellers for the Noes;J °Jb°rn'

I Colonel Burgcyne:

So it passed in the Negative.

;50

151

Whale Ftiheryj An ingrossedr - Bill for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland a.rO. Whale Fishery.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fitzgerald*» Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is con-

EiUte. cerned in the Bill for divesting out of the Crown, and to veil in Gerald Fitz ', of Rat hr one, in the

Ordered, That Mr. tucker have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An tngrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, "An Act for veffing certain Messuages in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Jam c%

’Theobald, Esquire, in Trustees, to be conveyed to fez m es Adam, Esquire, and for laying out the Purchase in Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the settled Estates do now stand limited," was read a Sec: o Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ^c'

her. Lord Burgherjh, &c.: And they are to meet Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Spen-V-<r~

County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, Auernoon, «u rwe ot me tioex, m me -t —

and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee, of and in feveraV. Chamber.

Lands in Ireland, therein mentioned; which Bill Was upon Friday, the 19th Day of this Instant April, re* ported from the Committee, to whom the same Hac-31 been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s. Command quainted the House, That His Majesty, having beeV» ~ formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His p 111 " sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned the House may do therein as they lhaJJ think fit. "at

And then the House adjourned till To-rr\< Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Stockjobbing.

Ordered, That Leave be giren to bring in a ft-i, r a the more effectually preventing the infamous of Stockjobbing: And that Mr. Huffev Mr *7,

and Sir George Colebrooke, do prepare, and brine*; fame. & ,nJ tBC

Vol. 33. k

b

t

35°

2 40 Aprilis.

A. 1771.

Mercurii, 24* Apr His;

Anno iia Georgii III"1 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Chester QRdered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

c*nal‘ Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for making a Navigable Canal, from the River within the Liberties of the City of and there to join the

Canal now making from the River to the River

Mersey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of,

to or near Middlewich, in the County of , there

to join the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Merftey.

Ordered, That Mr. Bootle do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Silk Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac-Manufacture. cording to Order, a Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReftIved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fitzgerald’s An ingrossed Bill for diverting out of the Crown, and Estate. to vert in Gerald Fitz , of Rathrone, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of , Esquire, and

his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee, of and m several Lands in Ireland, therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16.1. 3 2. To leave out " at or before the making " this Act," and insert " therein or " thereto" inrtead thereof.

1. 34. After " Purposes," to insert " as if the " Reversion of the said Towns, Town " Lands, or Lands, had never been " verted in the Crown, or."

I.35. To leave out t " made," and insert " parted" inrtead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for diverting out of the Crown, and to vert in Gerald Fitz Gerald, of Rathrone, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee, of and in several Lands in Ireland, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. do cany the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rice.* An ingrossed Bill to amend an Art, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape in

Europe, as is granted by former Arts of Parliament, to Carolina and Georgia, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title: be, An Act to amend an Art, made in the last Session . of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe,

as is granted by former Arts of Parliament, to Carolina and Georgia.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain an Art, made in the Na*al Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Art giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and of America; and to explain so much of an Art, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, landed at certain Places therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain an Art, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Art giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and Protlurt of America; and to explain so much of an Art, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the irfi-portation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yam; landed st certain Places therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Copptr

Coin.

An ingrossed BUI for the more effectually preventing the Counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually preventing the Counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- Oak Sum, ing to Order, a Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves and Heading, from (Americ*)-the British Colonies or Plantations in America: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to alter, explain, and amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for SteAj'°2' preventing the Stealing of Dogs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Clayton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee, are tohave Voices.

The Lord Stratige reported from the Committee, to Liverpool whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of to Three Arts, passed in the 12th Year of King the First, and the 19th and 26th Years of his late Ma- Ro»d*. jesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in the County Palatine of and for amending the Road from the Causeway at Black-low Brow, to the Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also through Lime Kiln Lane, to Ranelagh House, in Liverpool aforesaid, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Clerk’s

11 Geo. Ilf. 24* — 2 50 dpritis.

Clerk's Table, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

stockjobbing. Mr. Httjfey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually preventing the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

ShorehLn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Ekflion. further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to incapacitate Burnett, Charles Hannington, Francis Thomas

Hafelgrove, John Pedman Junior, Ralph Moor, Thomas Par/ons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas John

Hannington, John Robinson, William Chcefman, Richard Blair, George Brozone, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick

Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers, Samuel John

Sazvyers, Thomas Crowter, John Matthias Trttjier,

Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John , James Robin/on, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsfl John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook Junior, Richard William Turner, Walter Sazvyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathanael Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooler, Thomas Frqfi, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery Worton, Walter Broad, Thomas Hollmgkam, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Samuel Clement Free-

man, William Lafjeter, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Thomas Robinson, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, William Tho-

mas Gear, William Rufbridg, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery' and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of SuJJ'ex, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the iaid Bill be re-committed.

Evolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

JMr. Thomas Townjhettd, 1 Junior, $

Sir Harbord Harbord: J

Tellers for the Noes,| j J*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into tlife said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* Vol. 33.

posed. That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next»

The Amendments Allowing were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz

To leave out the Word " ," and insert the

Word " To-morrow" instead thereof, and to leave out the Word " next."

And the Question being put. That the Word "

" day" stand Part of die Question;

It palTecf in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Tomorrow" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " next" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Th«n the main Question, lo amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into .£leclion$. further Consideration the Report from the Committee of thp whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill> with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Lottery; Twelve of the Clock, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, The resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole House* Sinking Fund, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain *c' Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 177 u and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise.

And then the House adjourned till To Morning, Ten of the Clock.

morrow

yovtSf 25° die

Anno n° Georgii Regis, 1771.

"homas Tozvn/hen^ . preferred to the Gtnie. jfe, according to J.Tr ’ gill, to alter, exmend, an ^r<Jer* ty.e last Session of

intituled. ffi'chc boer Prefcva-Cute of Gua, Bn,*,.

,nd= And the same tens received 5

Oak Staves.

&c.

(America.)

Me of Man.

The

Sinking fund, & C.

Highways,

(Scotland.

35

250 Ap

A. 1771.

A Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation

of White Oak Staves and Heading, from the Colonies or Plantations in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved.Tint the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refolw it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. *

A Bill for repairing, amending, and supporting, the several Harbouis and Sea Ports in the Man, was

read a Second Time.

Refused, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Compiittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; n-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 17715 and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money anting from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums which should arise by the Sale of the Ceded Islands being applied to the public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of of

Liverpool, Merchant, was referred j be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to pay unto John Dobson, Owner of the Greenland Ship, Lord Molyneufrom Liverpool, the Bounty, if they think fit, due for the said Ship on the last Year’s Fishery.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sir Charles Whitworlh took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

„ An ingossed Bill for widening the Highways in that I Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonjhne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue for a further Time, to be limited, S Ik an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations cf Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning,'resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill for establishing a House or Houses ineofWigit. of Industry, in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Poor, it Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said island, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf>: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing a House or Houses of In-dullrv, in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for amending and widening the w»nt»jt Road from Beffelfleighi through Wto Hungerford, to

in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and . from the Turn-pike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Red House upon Wantage Downs,' and from thence to Lamborn, in the said County, ef Berks, was read] the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals,: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Beffeljleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts-, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny- Lane, to

The Old Red House upon Want age Dand from t lienee

to Lamborn, in the said County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made ElectioM, in the tail Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be,. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made irv the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Preiton, Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, &c-and Downs, in the Parishes of Preston and Stratton, in Ldofure. the County of Glmcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Downs, in the Parishes of Preston and Stratton, in the County, of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Wakefield the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, and Street*,

lighting, &c-

11 Geo. III.

353

lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of,

in the County of York, which lies within the East Erul of Wefigate Bridge, the South Side of ligate Bary

the North End of Kirkga , (except to much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards East Moor; for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Trustees for the Undertakers for making navigable the Rivers Air and Caider, in the County of York, and of the said Undertakers and their Lctlees, and also of divers Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Mills, and other Hereditaments, within the Township of Wakefield, in the said County of and also, thfc

Petition of Alan Jo/mfon, of Wakefield, in the County of York, Gentleman, on Behalf of himself, and of berton Milner, Esquire, Mr. Francis Maude, the Elder, Mr. Daniel Maude, and the Representatives of Mr. William Beatfon, deceased; and also, the Petition of Joseph Haift, of Wakefield, in the County of York, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Coun-lel on Behalf of the First-mentioned Petition; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and had considered the two last mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that he Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments "were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Wem, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh; without any Amendment ' And also,

PattHhall, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-nc o ure. mon Fields Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of w'ithin the

Hamlets of Eqftcote, Aficote, and Darleficote, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

Ubly The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inc.ofure. for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ubly, in the County of Somerset; withfome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Maddock’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act ElUte. for veiling the Copyhold Estate of Richard

Gentleman, deceased, situate at Norwood, in the County of MidJleJex, in Trustees, to be sold, towards difeharo-. ing the Principal Money and Interest due upon a Moru gage thereof, and of certain Freehold Estates of tj said Richard Maddock, in the County of Wilts - .

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hu, ’ And also, *c:

Vol. 33.

The Lords have paftl-d a Bill, intituled, An Act Di£sic* for naturalizing Carfieu Dirs and 'Jacob G/ofiein; to which - 4" the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second steck^n,. Reading of the Bill for the-more effectually preventing the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alorjagu, according to Older, reported from the New Committee oi the whole House, to wb9in the Bill so inca- Shoreham pad tat e John Burnet!, Charles Hanningfon, Francis HafcA ec*lon* grove, Thonu.s llafeigrove, John Redman Junior, Ralph Floor, Thomas Far fans, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hanning ton, John Rohinfon, IV 1 Hi a nr Chef, nan, Richard Blair, George Browne, John Par Jon:,

John Cw.l, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Ilarry Sawyers,

Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, John Buhtell, Ala, bias Tnjier, Thomas Pockney, joseph Dedman%

John Dean, James Rohinfon, John IVIdling, William Ste~ verts, John Ba ivcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflejh, John Purje, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook Junior,

Richard TDJI one, IVdHam Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles l\j:!chell, John J.rmand, Robert Grover, John Wood,

Frtai Darnel, William Grafted k, Nathanael Hillman,

Thomas R berts, John Ashmcm, William Cooter, Thomas PS off, ic/tael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durr ant,

Emery Church or, John Worton, Walter Broad, Thomas Hoi-lingham, Richard Stoueham, James Bennett, Samuel Wilson,

Clement Freeman, William Lajfeter, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Nezvnharru Jeffery Carver, Then mas Rohinfon, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin,

John Dedman, Senior, William Jennings, William Hards,

Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry Rohinfon, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections ot Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, was re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

A Motion was. made, and the Question being put,

That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

v*

-p , r . f Lord John Cavendish,

Tellers for the Yeas,|Mr> M:

T 11 c XT (Mr . Ch

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Amendments were accordingly read a Second Time, and, upon the Q,vicftitm severally put thereupon, were agreed to V>v the Hou^e*

Ordered, That the B\\\ *:,u the Amendments, be

logrolled. *

Ordered, That the read the Third Time

upon Monday Morning nexf'if the said B>U shall be then

ingrossod. *

A A, U. being off*1 U

rented to the House.

The House d,vlti^ S Pi The

A X

Allen,

Ne*

or

4

354

250 — 26° Aprilis. 1771.

The Yeas went forth.

!Sir William Meredith,

Mr. Alderman - 33.

fend:

Teller, for he Noes,j } .58.

So it passed in the Negative.

Maddock's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £lUte- for vesting the Copyhold Crtate of Richard Maddock, Gentleman, deceased, rttuate at ,in the County of Middlesexr, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging the Principal Money and Interest due upon a Mortgage thereof, and of certain Freehold Estates of the said Richard Maddock, in the County of , was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dirs’s, Sec*An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Nat. for naturalizing Carjlen Dirt and Jacob Glojlein, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sir Charles Whit worth reported from the Committee, Jutlui 'f, t.c to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Matthias Juf.tts and Itts ChrifianBlanckenhagen, was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved., That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Harrand’* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat.

An Act for naturalizing Francis Harr and, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegation- of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Veneris, 26* die;

Anno ii* Georgii III"* Regis, 1771.

P r a y 1 a s.

Liverpool . \ N ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers to ix of Three Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 19th and 26th Years of his late

Roadi. Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in the County Palatine of;

and for amending the Road from the causeway at Black-low Brow, to the Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and also through Lime Kiln Lane to Ranelagh House, in Liverpool aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Act -, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 19th and 26th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for amending the Road from the Causeway at Blacklow Brow, to the Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and all’o through Lime Kiln Lane to Ranelagh , in Liverpool aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Htrpur's Mr. Methuen reported from the Committee, to whom isilatej. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Henry Harpur, Baronet, to make Leases of his Estates in the Counties of Derby and , for

Three Lives, or 99 Years, or such other Leases as are therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Methuen do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

9

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and indofing the Com- Brampton mons and Waste Grounds, within the Town th ip of Indoiore. Brampton en le Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Brampton en le Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Colonel St. Leger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Wrottefey reported from the Committee, to Parfciofa

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act a|d f for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Parkinson, Edward Heathcote, and Catharine his Wife, and their respective Children, lying in the Counties of,

Lincoln, and Chester, in Trustees, to fell a sufficient Part thereof, for Payment of Debts and Legacies affecting the fame, and for making a Partition of the .’Remainder thereof, and settling the entire Premises to the Uses therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottef ey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Brozvnl&w Cufi reported from the Committee, to Gnnpowdcfl whom the Bill for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder; ‘and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read -throughout; and then a Second Time,

One

11 Geo. III.

a6° jfprilis.

355

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Wide Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ubly, in the County of Som

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-lpweth; viz.

Leave out " or Plots."

Leave out " or more," and leave out " or Plots."

Leave out " all," and after " which" insert " Two."

Pr. 14.1. 4.

I. 24.

J.

Pr.

I.32

33

1.40

1.

.1

I'}

116. 1.24.

Leave out " said several Plots or."

After " Hay" insert " only."

Leave out " Compositions in lieu of " the said Tythes, Modules," and after " or" insert " any," and leave out " other," and after " Pay " ments" insert " in lieu of the said " Tythes of Corn and Hay," and leave out "whatsoever."

After " Tythes" insert " of whatever " Kind."

After " Ad" insert " And be it further enacted, That such and the " same Modules or Compositions " in lieu of Tythes, except of Corn

" produced, or cultivated, within " the said Manor and Parish, for the " said 30 Years last part."

Pr. 16. I.14. After "the" insert " Two aforesaid," and leave out " Share," and insert " Shares" in (lea cl thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaftcn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordshipsi

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported The from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Sinking Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money *uni1-out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1771; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question leveratiy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ment9, within the said Manor and " Parish, thall extend to, and be payable out of, such Inclosures to be " made by virtue of this Act, as " shall be allotted to any Freeholder " who is now entitled to pay such " Modules or Compositions for the " ancient Inclosures or other Tene-

Ordered, That the Order of the t)ay, for the House to resolve itl'clf into a Committee of the whole House, of Man.

" and Hay, payable out of the an- upon the Bill for repairing, amending, and supporting,

" cient Inclosures or other Tene- the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr* Speaker resumed tire Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee;

" ments belonging to him, her, or That they had gone through the Bill, and made several " them, within the said Manor and Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to " Parish: Provided always, That no- report, when the House will please to receive the same.

" thing herein contained shall prevent Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday " the said Peter Grigg and his Sue- Morning next.

" cessors, Rectors of the said Pa-

" rish, from calling in Question, by Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for tire House to oak " due Course of Law, all such Mo- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Staves " dules or Compositions, in Lieu of the Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of &c*

White Oak Staves and Heading, from the British Colonies or Plantations in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

IVTr. Speaker left the Chau*

Sir Charles Whitworth took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed t\vo Chair;

.Sir Charles Whitworth repotted from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto they had directed him to

report, when the Houser>vase to receive the same.

Ordered, That the JC 'U V, received upon Monday "Grounds, other than and except . Morning next.

" the said Tythes of Corn and Hay,

’ ~ Resolved, That thet* r 11 at the Bifing of

Houic tins Day. tN'lor""'8

OrMQrder of ,he my> 6$# I, Third end.

Tythes, as are now or have been " usually paid or payable from any " ancient Inclosures or other Tenements, within the said Manor and " Parish; nor shall the said Peter " Grigg and his Successors be deemed to be excluded by any Thing " in this Act contained, from any Claim, which he or they may have by Law, to any Tythes, growing, " renewing, or arising, from and out n of, or in respect of, the said " Commonable Lands, and Waste

u

" and expept such Species of Email " Tythes as have not usually, for " Thirty Years last past, been paid " and received within the said Manor " and Parish, for, or on Account

«« f»f-h r,(or>

the Ex

VOL. 33.

" such Kinds of Productions,,b»» of Live^'’ now ingrossed, JS^viSons, from "or other Titi, table Snbj^"^ ffU and other Flcft.^ad.

" W. ten ailed, fed, &A„d the said ' The

St* Luke (Middlesex) Streets*

Game.

silk

Manufacture.

26° Aprdis.

A. 1771.

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 10. To leave out from " exported" to " and" in 1. 16.

Pr. 3. 1. 29. To leave out from " Ad" to " and" in 1. 32.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flesh Provisions, from Great for a li-

mited Time.

Ordered, That Mr Milletdo carry' the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for paving and keeping in Repair the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for widening the Passages at the West End of Chiswell Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane -, and to make a Street or Way, from the North End of Norman Street, through certain Garden Grounds, and Fields, to the City Road; for removing Obstructions and Annoyances from the said Streets; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for paving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Luke, in the County of Middlesex-, for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for widening the Passages at the West End of Chiswell Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane, in the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That . Mr. Whitbread do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to alter, explain, and amend, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TclUrs for he Yeas, j }

Tellers for, he Noe, } 34-

So it passed in the' Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue for a further Time, to be limited, an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported Irom the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him ♦o report, when the House will please to receive the fam"*

Orde7?d> That the Report be received upon Monday Morning n.Txt*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Cv.ddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elvet for dividing and inclosing the Moor or Common, called ^"Lrere Elvet Moor, in the Parish of Saint Ofw aid, in the County C

Palatine ot Durham; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Intercommon Lands in the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Miftertoa for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Mea- Inclosure. dows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mfterton, in the County of Nottingham-, with-

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cierlcenweH for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and, watching, (St. John) the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and ot her Passages, within Paving, the Parish of Saint John Clerkenwe/l,in the County of Middlesex -, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tavernipite, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several c. Roads leading from Tavernspite, to the Towns of Pern- Ro*d»*

broke and Tenby, and to Hubberftone Haking, in the County of Pembroke; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Batterwick for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, in the Town- Inclosure. ship ot Butterwick, in the Parish of Foxholes, in the East Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March,

One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one; for indemnifying the Landholders of the Isle of Wight from the Payment of the Monies due by virtue of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty; and for other Purplofes therein mentioned; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Herring for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery; Fishery. without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Thame* for improving and completing the Navigation of the and Ifi* Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Navigation. Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hartford for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- Inclosure. monable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and'Liberties of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Watford for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclosure-Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Mur cot t, in the Parishes of Watford 2nd Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wedon for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Iadofure. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wedon and West on, otherwise Wedon Pinkney, otherwise Lays Wedon, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Earl* for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common lnc ° ure* Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ap Ad

to

i i Geo. III.

260 — 2 9° Aprilis. 3 5 7

Adultery. to prevent any Bill from being brought into Parliament, for the Dissolution of any Marriage, for the Cause of Adultery, unless a Clause or particular Words be inserted, to prevent the Person against whom the Adultery has been proved, from marrying or contracting Matrimony with the Person with whom he or she shall be proved to have carried on such criminal Intercourse; and to declare the Issue of such Marriage incapable of inheriting, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be lead a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Coals and An Account of the Quantities of Coals and Culm Culm. used in the Smelting of Copper and Tin Ores, in Cornwall, and used in Fire Engines for draining of Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper, in Cornwall, for which the Duties have been drawn back, for the last Five Years preceding Christmas 1770; distinguishing each Year: And also,

Ditto. An Account of the Quantities of Culpa carried from Mlilford Haven, for the burning of Lime, in the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and,

as permitted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of George the Second, with the Duties paid thereon, for the lad Five Years preceding Christmas 1770; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Paperi of this Session.

Mr. Speaker left the Clair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committed,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed h-im to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Laws ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Expiring. House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River 'Thames; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations; for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, as relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Corn; and for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to be limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigge, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the I (lands of Orkney.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Stockjobbir.g. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Timber. Mr. Dovudeftoell, from the Committee to whom it was

referred to consider how His Majesty’s Navy may be better supplied with Timber, acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move the House, That that Part of the Order, made upon the 11 th Day of hi arch last, which directs the said Committee to report their Opinion to the House upon the Matter to them referred, might be drfeharged.

And Mr. Dowdeswell moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Part of the said Order be

discharged.

Committee Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Chamber. count of Expences incurred in fitting up and fumishing the new Committee Chamber and Apartments, belonging to this House.

Parliaments.

Lottery.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Alderman bridge,

Mr. Alderman __ fend:

Tellers for the Noes I ^r' x ei letsior me ^qes,| Mr:

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Siam of Money to be raised by a Lottery;

Ordered, That a List of Subscribers to the Lot t 1769, be referred to the said Committee. er

Then the House resolved itself into the said o tnittee. ^-Om-

' Vol. 33,

Luna, 29* Aprilis \

Anno 11 Georgii III'" Regis, 1771.

Pr A

Y E R S.

Gentl

!emati

VMeflage by Sir frauds Molyneux,

Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s >mmifli©n for declaring His Royal Assent to several agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imnie-! Attendance of this_ honourable House, '

oyal Assent to Bills*

attendance or tiwuvuiaujC *

>use of Peers, to hear the Commission read*

immi; in the

ox reers, iu utw read*

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up he House of Peers*

Vnd being returned;

Mf. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s mmission aforementioned, had been at the XTouCe of :rv where a Commission under the Great Seal was d; giving, declaring, and notifying, the R_oyal sent to several Public and Private Bills, therein men-ned; and also impoweftns the Lord Avchbishop of 'tierbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain,

' Lord President of Council, the Lord Privy Seal, i several other Lords tA rWlare and notify the Royal m- to the said I and'that the Lord Archbishop

.herald

nmission, did accordi^ydeciarc and

£ S -of"; "nd

athing of the that pgr[ of OrM Bnam

4 Y

by

358 Ap1771.

called England, for One Year, beginning tlicTwenly-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one; for indemnifying the Landholders of the I He of Wight from the Payment of the Monies due by Virtue of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery:

An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, PdUages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same:

An Act for p.anishing Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Districts and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages:

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and Watching, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Palihgcs, within the Parish of Saint John in the County of j Middlesex; and for removing Obstructions and An-

noyances therein:

An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJisfrom the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Wind-hill, in the Township- of Idle, in the County of York: An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint s

and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining; and for supplying

the several Parts thereof with fresh Water:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles, to the King\s Eat edge, and to Gat chop:, Knozuburnfoot, and to the Top of Minchmoor,

and to Lockhead, in the County of Peebles:

- An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Buchiadto Weston Coyney; and from the Road between Cheadle and Leak, to the Tcirnpike Road above Frog-all Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between B/yth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Rue hill Gale, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sanfou or T MeirHeath, and from thence to Blithe Bridge;

and also from Meir to Trent ham, and from thence to Stapleford Bridge, in the County of Stafford:

An Act to continue, and render more effectual. Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called The Fofs Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the Guide Post in Saint gar et'% (Field, Leicester r*

An Act to empower Sir John Gibbons to (hut up the Foot Paths over certain Lands in the Parish of Stan-welt, in the County, of Middlesex, and to e.xtinguish all Claims and Right tof Common in and over the said Lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in Repair a Foot Path in li?u thereof; and to Veit certain Premises, and a Sum of Mopey, in Tryftees, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parjlh:,

An Act to enlarge the Term and 'Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Georgf i'nz Second, for repairing- the Roads from fionej by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of and by the Toyvp of Hamilton, to the Town of Sjrat-

haven; and for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Confines of the County of at or near

Lochgate, to the Town of Strin the County of Lanerk:

An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of grove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of cester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bromsgrove:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross, to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid, to The Maypole, in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Patricks'sCrofs, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Preston, in the same County Palatine:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vi nehall, in the Parish of Mouutfield in the County of Sussex, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Berkley-, and from Staple Cross to Long/ey's Water Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Went, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other Roads, in the Coun?* ties of Salop and Denbigh:

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite, to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberflone Making, in the County of Pembroke:

An Act for discharging the Manor of Coldhefeldon, anfl. divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countels of Scarborough, his Wife, and by a certain Act of Parliament, which passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for settling another Manor, and other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for enabling Sir Henry Harpur, Baronet, to make Leases of his Estates in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, for Three Lives, or 99 Years, or such other Leases as are therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Shelley, Baronet, and of the Right honourable John Shelley his Son, in the several Counties of Kent and and also of a Farm, called Kingsham , in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Sussex-, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale, in Discharge of the Portions of the Daughters of the said Sir John Shelley, affecting the Estates of him and his said Son; and for other Purposes: .

An Act to exchange Lands in in the County of Suffolk, between Patrick Blake, Esquire, and Edward Burch, Rector of the Parish Church of afore-

f 4J

said, within the Diocese of Norwich:

An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold Mills, Lands, and Tenements, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of J ofeph Bullock, Esquire, in Trustees,

to convey and assign the same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of, other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are mentioned in the said Settlement:

An Act for confirming a Conveyance to Henry -

croft.

ii Giio. III.

29° Hpriid-

croft, Efcshire, of certain Ellatcs in the County of York, purchased by the Trustees in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Goring* Esquire, and Fanny his Wife; and for confirming a Conveyance made by the said Henry Filter eft y to the Life of the said Truilccs, of other inflates in lieu thereof, in the County of Surrey:

An Act to enable the surviving Trustee named in the Settlement of William Pulteney, El quire, and Frances his Wife, to grant Leases of their Leafeliold Estates in Westminster:

An Act for confirming a Deed of Trull, dated t lie 31st of December 1770; and for the more effectual enabling the Trustees to raise the Sum of £. 9,000 for the Purposes therein mentioned, by Mortgage or Sale of the Freehold Estate of George Smyth, the Elder, and George Smythy the Younger, Esquires, situate in the County of Glcuccfier, or of a competent Part thereof:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of Nicholas Corfeltis, Esquire, deceaseJ, at Wivenhoe and Ehnfled, in the County of EJjlxy in Trustees, to be sold, for Jailing Money, to discharge Incumbrances;

An Act for vesting the Manor of A/ilev, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Ajclt:y, T\l(hjiejy and Bedfvrdy in the County of Lancaster y comprised in the Marriage Articles of Thomas Frog-gnt/y and Hannah his Wile, in Trustees, to the several Hies, upon the Trulls, andlubjeft to the Powers, Provisoes, and Restrictions, therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Park-inf on, Edward Heathcote, and Catharine his Wile, and their respective Children, lying in the Counties of rfot-linghaviy Lincoln, and Chester, in Trustees, to fell a sufficient Part thereof, for Payment of Debts and Legacies affecting the fame, and for making a Partition of the Remainder thereof, and settling the entire Premises to the Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for discharging from Tythe, certain Lands in the Parish of Sebrahaniy otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland; and for making Compensation. to the Curate of the said Parish for the same:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in Ladus Feny in the isle of Ely:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Waver tony otherwise Ware-ton, in the Parish of Polefworthy in the County of War* wick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Hampstead Norreysy in the Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks: An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, called Stretton Common Field, and certain Common or Waste Grounds, called Stretton Heath, and Stretton Horse Slead, in the Parish of Stretton on the Fofsy in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pallure Grounds, Lammas Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets and Liberties of Knightcot and Aorthendy in the Parish of Burton Dafjetty in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton Beauchampy in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Common *nd Waste Lands, in thq Liberties or Hamlets of Kilby and Newton Harcourty in the Parish of WiJloWy and County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Stretton under Fojs, in the Parish of Monk's Kirby, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fiel<Js

Hands, and Crounds, in the Township and Parish of Bifop Nor/O’ty in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing all the OpenFlelus Lands, and Grounds, at Long Rift on and Arnold, in the County of York: , -

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Pattijlially within the Hamlets ot Eastcote, Act cot e% and Darlejcotey in the County of Northampton: .

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish* and Liberties of HaYtford, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, in the Township ot Butterwicky in the Parish of Foxholes, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls Bart ony in the County of Northampton;

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of We dev and Westony otherwise Wedon Pinkney, otherwise Loys /Vedotty in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Conlmop Meadows,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Murcotty in the Parishes of Watford and Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor or Common called Elvet Mooty in the Parish of Saint Ojkvaldy in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Intercom nion Lands in the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mtfiertony in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonabld Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Pariftl

of Ubly, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Matthias JuJltis and Theophilus Chrificm Blanckenhagen:

An Act for naturalizing Francis Harr and.

- Mr. Alderman Ilarky, according to Order, reported silk from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Manufacturei Bill to continue for a further lime, to be limited, an Act, passed in the Sixth' Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made

to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the; Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Amendment, in

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Quest\on nUt thereupon* agreed to by the House. *

Ordered, That the B\\\% t^e Amendment, be

ingrolfed. 1

Charles Whitzuorth , Order, reported me of

,e Committee of to whom the

360 if: Apri 1771.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Lottery. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery, was committed > the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTabie: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Wakefield A11 ingrossed Bill for the better paving, repairing Stteets, cleansing, and lighting, the Sireets, Lanes, Alleys, and &c* other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the East End of West gale Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengatetowards Eafi Moor-, for preventing Nui-ijuices and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 27. I.31. To leave out " Five," and insert " Nine" instead thereof.

1. 37. To leave out " Five," and insert " Nine" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the East End of Westgate Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York)and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards East Moor; for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their

Chamber. Order, A Paper, intituled, " Mr. France's Bill for furnishing the New Couft at the House of Commons."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Membevs of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Corn Trade. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the present State of the Corn Trade;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Salt. Account of the Amount of the Duties which have arisen on all Grey or Scrow Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, and Cruftings, or other foul Salt, since the ift of May 1768, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Public Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Debts. Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out the 3th of January 1771, with the annual Interest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third k?w Reading of the Bill to incapacitate John Burnett, Shorehaw Charles Hanning ton, Francis Hase!grove, Thomas Hafel- Ekaio*. groz-e, John Pedman Junior, Ralp Moor, Thomas Jons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas John

Hanning ton, John Robinson, Willi, an Cheesman, Richard Blair, George Browne, John Ear foes, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Harry Sawyers, Samuel Tuppen, John Sazvyers, Thomas Crowter, John BiMatthias

Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, James

Robinson, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Robert Parker, John Hogs ft eft:, John Pur ft, John Dean,

Thomas Jennings, John Sr 00k Junior, Richard Tift one,

William Turner, Walter Sazvyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, Robert Grover, John Wood, Friend Daniel,

William Gratwick, Nathanael Hillman, Thomas Roberts,

John Ashman , William Cooler, Thomas Michael Smith,

Richard Carver, Michael Durrani, Emery John

Wortoti, Walter Broad, Thomas Hol/ingham, Richard St one ham, James Bennett, Samuel Wiljott, Clement Freeman, William Laffeter, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter

John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar other wise Miller, William Newnham, Jesse Carver, Thomas Ro-binfon, Randall Button, James Carver, John Afonin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New in the County of Suficx; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill, now ingrafted, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made1 to the Bill;, viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 20. To leave out from "Parliament" to the End of the Bill.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do, pass: And that the Title be, An Act to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Hafelgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Par-fons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheesman, George John-Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean,

Samuel Tuppen, John Sazvyers, Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, *

Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John

John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snoojc Junior, Richard Ttftone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers,

Charles Alitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathanael Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooler, Thomas Michael

Smith, Richard Carver, Afichael Durr ant, Emery Churcher,

Walter Broad, Richard Stone ham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crozvter, John Barnard,

James Mitchell, James Millar otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver,

John Martin, John Dedman Senior, William Jennings,

William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry Robitjfon, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections

i x Geo. II/.

29

of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Oak Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Stave*, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the . &c: . Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of ' White Oak Staves and Heading, from the Colonies or Plantations in , was committed; the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,-were agreed tp by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

mgrofied.

Gunpowder. An ingrafted Bill for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder; and for more effectually preventing Milchiets, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. x. 1.21. After "House," to insert "Mill,

" Magazine, Storehouse."

Pr. 9. 1. zi.To leave out from " Persons" to " a" in Line 23.

Pr. 11. 1. 10. To leave out "Aft," and insert " fame" instead thereof.

1. 18. To leave out " Fast," and insert " Thing" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder; and for more effectually preventing Mil-chiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Maddock’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. for veiling the Copyhold Estate of Richard Maddock, Gentleman, deceased, situate at , in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging the Principal Money and Interest due upon a Mortgage thereof, and of certain Freehold Estates of the said Richard Maddock, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Kyitaston&c.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dfr*’*, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *« for Naturalizing Carften Dirs and Jacob Glojlein, was ^at* read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the CJock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Adultery. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^\ft to prevent any Bill Ironi being brought into Parliament, for the Dissolution of any Marriage, for the Cause of Adultery, unleii a Clause or particular Words be inserted, to prevent the Person against whom »i Vox.. 33. 1 ,e

361

Adultery has been proved, from marrying or cohtrafting Matrimony with the Person with whom he or she shall be proved to have carried on such criminal Inter-course; and to declare the Ilfue of such Marriage incapable of inheriring: be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, filers for. he Noes,j

56- -

s

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,'

That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning," and inlerting the Words " upon this Day " Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tomorrow Morning" (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^- ctlmtr, } 6z‘

Tellers for the Noes,j^ lately: } 52*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Widows of the Commission and Navy Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, being offered to Officers, be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That, for these Seven Years pad, the Petitioners Pensions have gradually decrealed; and are now so greatly diminished, as for these Three Years past they have received considerably less than what they did in Time of War; whereby many Widows have been reduced to insuperable, and lbmc to insupportable Dif-trels; therefore beg the House to take their very unhappy same into Consideration, and make an Addition to their Fund, which is at prefen t so low-, and upon such an uncertain Establishment, that they are not able to raise any Money on the Credit ot their nominal Pen-lions, to procure them only a temporary Relief from the most excruciating Distress; and as the melancholy dif-trelsful Prospect of leaving a beloved Wife, and help-less Children, exposed to a\\ the Milenes and Calamities attendant upon Poverty ant\ Want, can be no Encouragement for a good Officer freely and cheerfully to venture his Life in the Service of his Country, the Petitioners hope, that that ron(lderation, added to the distinguished and ackrtowd d Services rendered to the Public, by their beloved \ but unfortunate Huf-

bands, will recommend brave’, ri.e;r Successors to the

Notice of Parliament themlelv£s, that

as the Land Officers \va, nd thtJ, " r,nnot claim a Merit superior to those of "lows fwho - pensions fixed,

3 e°uUrlyDai,l , ,he -Sm) lT'e ,v* Parti.,nen-

fSefilcmcDt, UlJv«y F°ur M«n>hs. ^Djur Hi. pre-

, vlaiefty’s eo.j >?, Hou,!! w 0 ar , as <lTe<ftually

lent y* J -»!vc Recommendation^ i0

4z

La art

Expiring.

Srockjebbing.

362 290 — 30° Aprilis. . 1771.

to second his late Majesty’s rrioft humane, beneficent, and royal Intention, of securing a Settlement for the Widows of Naval Officers; that, agreeable to the above-mentioned Establishment, by the Authority of Parliament, their Pensions may be fixed, and regularly paid, which many of their Husbands have dearly purchased with the Price of their Blood.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws, for the better Regulation of Lad age and Ballastage in the River Thames, and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the Sugar Plantations; for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and , as relates

to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Corn; and for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to be limited, of an interior Sort of Barley, called Bigge, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to reporc to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report-was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is,30® \

Anno 11° Georgii lip" Regis, 1771. Prayers.

SIR George Yougereported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor, Capital Messuage, Barton Farm, and Demesne Lands of Cadhay, situate in Query Saint Mary, in the County of Devon Part of the settled Estate of Sir Booth Williams, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uies, which are now subsisting with regard to the said settled Estate, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, Hayden Square, The New Square, Hay don Yard, SheepyYard, Church Street, Church

Street, otherwise the Church Pa]}age. Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the I’arifii of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of within the Li-

berty of His Majesty’s Tower of London and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, Hay don Square, The New Square, Hayden Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Li:lie Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Pafl’ages therein, or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty’s

Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Councurrence.

Mr. Hot ham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees and their Heirs, several Manors, Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the Ellate of the Mod noble Cavendish, Duke of Portland, upon Trust to sell the same, and to apply the Money to arile by Sale thereof in Manner therein mentioned, was committed; That the Commute had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent 10 the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hot ham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without an)- Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be,

Sir

Wiliiams’j

EiUic.

Harden

Square,

See.

Paving.

Duke of Portland’* Ella;*.

Lotte 7,

11 G.eo. TJX.

30° Apr

be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer-smkinj Fund. gum cf Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hOndred and Seventy-one; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise, was read the Third Time.

Refslved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise; and for enabling the Commifi-lioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay to John , Owner of the Green-

land Ship Lord Molymux, the Bounty due for the said Ship, on the lall Year’s Fishery.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

IfleofMan. An ingrossed Bill for repairing, amending, and supporting, the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Matt, was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, amending, and supporting, the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whit worth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Oak An ingrossed Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Im^ Stoves, £ec. portation of White Oak. Staves and Heading, from the British Colonies or Plantations in America, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.*

Pr. 2. 1. 16. To leave out " Six," and insert " Five" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves and Heading, from the British Colonies or Tlantations in America.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

and for the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the first, intituled.

An Act for preventing the Carriage of exceftive Loads

of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within Ten Miles of

the Cities of London and Westminster, as relates to the

Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Coals; and for authorizing

the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort

of Barley, called Bigge, from the Port of in

the Islands of Orkney.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' i

An ingrossed Bill to continue for a further Time, to s,|k,

be limited, an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His pre- Manulaa"re-sent Majesty’s Reign; intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manuiafture; was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue for a further Time; an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Ltjrds, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Minchin’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, an Agreement. Agreement, dated the 23d Day of June 1770, between Humphrey Minchin, Esquire, and George Clive, Esquire, and for vesting certain Estates, in the County of ‘Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, for that Purpose, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any Private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confer.t to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Law s An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws, for the Expiring, better Regulation of Laftageand Ballastage in the River Thaities, and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations; lor repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King 'George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage of exedfive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within Ten Miles of the Cities of and

West7r.irf.er, as relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Corn; and for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to be limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigge, from the'Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney; was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing several Laws, for the better Regulation of Last&ge and Ballastage in the River Thames j for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise;

Vol. 33.

Mr. Kynafon reported from the Committee, to whom Theobald’s

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. vesting certain Messuagesin the Strand, in the County of RlidJlefex, Part of the lettled Estate of James Theobald,

Esquire, in Trustees, to be conveyed to James Esquire, and for laying out the Purchase Money in Lands, to be settled to the LTfes to which the said settled Estates do now stand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynafon c!o carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir

3<M- 30° Aprilis. ^.1771.

Din's, fee. Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, N»t. to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Carjlen Dirs and Jacob , was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in , attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Lin«ns. An Account of the Quantities of SritiJJi and Irish Linens, exported from Scotland, upon Bounty, from mas 1769 to Christmas 1770; with the Amount of the Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing what Part are British, and what Irish: And also,

Ditto. An Account of the B and Linens exported

from Scotland, without Bounty, during the last Five Years preceding Christmas 1770; distinguishing each Year, and what Part are British, and what lrijhAnd also.

Culm. An Account of the Quantities of Culm transported from Scotland, to any other Port of Great Britain, with the Duties levied thereon, specifying the Ports of Shipping and Delivery, during the lad Five Years preceding Christmas 1770; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ciiiplaio. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor King, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by, such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Adultery. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent any Bill from being brought into Parliament, for the Diflblution of any Marriage, for the Cause of Adultery', unless a Clause or particular Words be inserted, to prevent the Person against whom the Adultery has been proved, from marrying or contrafting Matrimony with the Person with whom he or she shall be proved to have carried on such criminal Intercourse; and to declare the Issue of such Marriage incapable of inheriting; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do no\y leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller for the Yeas, j JJj;: f 6°’

Tellers for the Noes, 5 ^orj Strange, 7

I Lord Beauchamp: j

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 14th Day of May next, resolve itself into a

Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Afyuiamear. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the

House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mra Ho'ford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will communi- New cate to their Lordships the Grounds and Evidence upon Sho.cn»n« which they passed! the Bill, intituled, An Act to inca- *'lcai0"-pacitate certain Persons therein named, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to ler\e in Parliament for the Borough of Nezv Shore ham, in the County of Sussex.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to state upon what Evidence the said Bill was grounded.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fuller, Lord John Cavendish, Sec.: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ellis reported from t he Committee, who were Pr'.viJ appointed to examine into the several Facts and Circumstances relative to the late Obstructionsto the Execution of the Orders of this House, and to consider what further Proceedings may be requisite to enforce a due Obedience thereto; and to report their Proceeding®, together with their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House;

That the Committee had examined the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

N.B. The said Report being ordered to be printed by a subsequent Order of the House, made upon the 6th Day of May, the fame, together with a printed Copy thereof, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, appointed New to state upon what Evidence the Bill, intituled, An Act to incapacitate certain Persons therein named, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, was grounded; That the Committee had prepared a State accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Evidence upon which the said Bill was grounded, was the Evidence given by Hugh Roberta, John Innot, John Pelham, and John Bedding; all of the., laid Borough of New Shoreham. (

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That (he said Bill was grounded upon Evidence given by Hugh Roberts, Join Innot, John Pelham, and John Bedding, all of the Borough of Shoreham; which; in the Opinion of this House, did fully make out the Allegations contained in the said Bill.

And the Messengers were aaiain called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Privilege*, posed, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Gentlemen of the Select Committee, appointed upon the 27th Day of March last, to examine into the several Fasts and Circumstances relative to the late Obstructions to the Execution of the Orders of this House, and to consider what further Proceedings may be requisite to enforce a due Obedience thereto; and to report their Proceedings, together with their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House; for the judicious and effectual Means they have cholen, for enforcing due Obedience to the Orders of this House, and for advising this House to apprehend 7. Miller:

A Mo-

t

ii Geo. III.

30" dprilis — 6°

365

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Navy

Timber;

Tellers for h. Yeas, {Jjf.fe0"*-

Tellers for the Noes.j Mr.^AtST'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

58.

22.

And the House accordingly adjourned, till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luttce, 6b die Man;

Anno ii" Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1771.

Prayers*

ddoclc’.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider how His Majesty’s Navy may be belter supplied with Timber; That the Committee had agreed upon a Report; which they had directed him to make to the House; and he read the Report iri his Place* and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table, together with an Appendix thereunto; where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other

; Papers of this Session.

’ N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Salt Duties attended at the Door; they were jelled in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, fmrfuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties which Salt Duties, have arisen on all Grey or Scrow Salt, Salt Scale, Sand

SIR John Turner ftsported from the Committee, to Scale, and Cruftings, or other foul Salt, from the ift whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Qf jtfay 1768 to the 2d of March 1771; being as far An Act for vesting the Copyhold Estate of Rickard Mad- the same can be made up.

Capital X)/Fences.

dock. Gentleman, deceased, situate at Norwood, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, tobe fold, towards discharging the Principal Money and Interest due upon a Mortgage thereof, and of certain Freehold Estates of the said Richard Maddock, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Bunbttry reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to Capital Offences, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the same according-

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Corn Trade.

Jy and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directedhim to report to the House; and he read t he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, if the Importation and*Exportation of Corn were That so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of properly regulated, by some permanent Law, it would the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled. The afford Encouragement to the Farmer, be the Means Penalty of a Captain or Soldier retained to serve the of increasing the Growth of that necessary Commodity, Ring in his intended Wars not doing their Duty, as of affording a cheaper and more constant Supply to the jfufc»ie*fts Offenders to Death, be repealed. Poor, and of preventing Abuses in that Article of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Trade, so much of an Act, made in the ill and 2d of

That so much of an Act, made in the Philip and Mary, intituled, An Act against certain Persons calling themselves Egyptians, as subjects Offenders to L>eath, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for further Puni 111 merit of Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians, as fuh*je<5ls Offenders to Death, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to retain her Majesty’s Subjects in their due Obedience, as ftibjedts Offenders to Death, be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon this Day Sevennight.

Vox.. 33.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, when the Price of Wheat shall be at, or above, 48 s. per Quarter, it will be expedient to permit the Importation thereof, upon paying a small Duty, merely to ascertain the Quantity imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, when the Price of Wheat shall be under 48 s. per Quarter, it will be expedient to permit the Importation thereof, upon paying the Duties required by the Laws now in being.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, when the Price of Wheat shall be under per Quarter, it will be expedient to permit the Exportation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thar, when the Piice of Wheat shall be under 44

A Quarter,

Accounts

ordered.

3 66

Quarter, it will be expedient to allow the present Bounty of 5*. per Quarter upon the Exportation of such Wheat as shall be of the Growth and Produce of Great Britain, and shall be exported in British Ships, agreeable to the Laws of Trade and Navigation.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid before* this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, exported from, or imported into, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1765 to Christmas 1767; distinguishing each Yeas, and each Place.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House, in the next'‘Session of Parliament, an Account of the Quantity 6f Tallow,- Hogs Lard-, and Grease, imported into, and exported from, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, since Christmas 1750 to the 25th of March 1767, and from the 8th of

A, 1771.

December 1767 to the 1 ft of January 1769, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Quantity of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, and also of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, and also of the Number of Cattle, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, since the 1 oth Day of October 1770, as. far as the same can be made up j distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed, that Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of Public His Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out the 5th Day of Debtt January 1771, being Old Christmas with the annual

Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Thp, said Accoqnt is as followeth viz.

6° Mail.

To

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

t4

us

CO

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all the PUBLIC DEBTS, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out the 5th Day of 1771 (being Old Day)-, with the

Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

A

EXCHEQUER.

.Annuities Tor tong Terms, being the Remainder of thtf original Sum contributed and feribed to the South-Sea Company ——

Ditto - for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorffiip, being the original Sum contributed -

Ditto - for Two and Three Lives, being che'Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Death* - -

Exchequer Bills made out for th? interest of old Bills ——

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act 50 G'ii 3^ Regis, being the original Sum contributed -

Note* The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, tSc. being annual Grants, are roc charged in this Account, nor the £.1,000,000 charged on the Deduction of r " Cd. per Lib. dn Pensions, nor the/’. 1,800,000 borrowed Anno 1770, and charged on the Supplies Anno 1771.

' EAST-INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 90 W'IV i 3th Regis, and Two other Acts, 6* IS 90 Anna Regina, at £. 3 per Cent, per- Annum -

Annufties at £,' 3per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters -

- L BANK OF ENGLAND.

On theif.original Fund at £. 3. per Cent, per Amt. from the ift August 1743 -

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii primi Regis - - ....

Pqrchafed of the ScutUSea Company - .

-Annuities at £♦ 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 -

JDicto - at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged 011 the Duties on Coals, since Lady Day 1719

Ditto - at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. A3 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day 1746 Ditto - at £. 3 per Cent.per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Acts 25?, 28°, 290, 320, IS 33° G'ii 2* Regis, !S 4°, 6°, 7% 8°, 7

U ic0 G'ii 3x{\ Regis - - " - - " - - - J ^9

Ditto - at /. 2 per Cent, per Atm. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, iSc. granted by an Act 310 G'ii 2^ Regis, and Duty on 1

r I t XT' J_ L« >ti« l\A A® (Z i til ft rrrif _ ______ — . t

Houses and Window., by the Art 6° G'ii Regis

' Ditto - at /.3. pet Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund By the Aa 250 2'* Regis, 5" 3"* Regis

Ditto - at £ 5k per Cent, per Ann. charged on the said bund by the Act 290 G’ii 2 1 Regis....

Dttio - at /. ai per Cent, per Ansi, charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, (Ac. granted by an Act 319 G'ii

,281,521 5 if |

500,000---- J

Ditto - a

£. 2 i per

by 1 he Ad 6° G*ii 3tU Regis

2ai Regis, and Duty on House* and Windows, |

:£. 4 per Cent, per Aim. charged on the Sinking Fund by the Afl 2° Gfii 3lii Regis, being the Remainder of £. 20,240,0c®, after deducting the Sum of 7 £. 1,253,700 subscribed and added to the Capital Stock of £, 3 per Cent, consolidated Annuities, by the Act \o*G'ii 3lli Regis - - - - - - J

Jifp morandum: The Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9/. a Ticket, which amounted to £.22,^00, but is nowreduced by Lives fallen in, to£. 15,864. And the Subscribers of £. loo to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 18 s. a Ticket, which amounted to £.45,00©, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 31,445. 10. And the Subscribers of £. 100 for £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, 17 57" were allowed nn Annuity lor One Life of £. 1. 2. 6. which amounted to £.3 3,750, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £,29,985. 15. And the Subscribers of £.ic© for£. 3per Cent. Annuities, 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years of £. 1. 2. 6. amounting, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £130,05 3. 10, 3,

And the Contributors to £. 12,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to Annuities for 98 Years of £. 1 per Cent. per Ann. which, wiih the Charge* of Management to the Bank of England, amount to the Sum of £, 131,687. to which Annuities for 99 Year*, and 98 Years, were consolidated by the Act. 4° GV; 3W‘ Regis; all which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as no Money was advanced for the fume -

-0 U T H ~S E d COMPANY.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 90 Georgii primi Regis - -; i * -: - - - - ’’’ . "

Annuities at £. 3 /*r Cent, per Ann. Anno 1751* charged on the Sinking Fund’ - . - - - . ~

Exchequer, the 6th Day - £.

' -

Principal Debt. Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable ror the lame.

£ s. d. i- /. d.

1,836,275 »7 10I *3^*453 12 8

108,100 — — 7>567 — —

70,288 H lol 8,565 12 —

2,200 — — i

18,000 540

3*200,000 97.28S 4

1,000,000 30,401 »s 8

3,200,000 - 1 100,000 ..

500,000 — — 15,000 — —

4,000,000 — — 12 1,898 3 S

1,250,000 — ' 37>S°° — - —

1,750,000 — — 52,50° — —

986,800 — — 29,604 —

39>78>»S21 5 1,215,660 *4 9l

19,183,323 16 4 586,290 6 6

— — 53,343 '5 —

4,500,000 — - — 160,031 5 —

18,986,300 — — 770,131 »5 ,0r

25.025,309 13

2,ioo, ood — .

128,998,119 8

329.036 . s j

765,326 3 ,

64,181 5 —

4,581,317 8 8

UJi

Os

>4

11 Geo. III. 6°Mati.

3<$8 64 Mail. J.

fcffex Skirt Hall and Gaol.

Ordered, Thai the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir William Maynard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, atting in and for the County of Essex; and also, the Petition of several Farmers, Graziers, and others, who frequent the Markets and Fairs at '

ford, in the County of Essex; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Landowners, and Occupiers of Land, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land in the said County; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and also, the Petition of Sir William Mildmay of Moulfham Hall, in the County of Essex, Baronet; and also, the Petition of Edward Revenel, of Dean Street, Soho, in the Liberty of Wefi-mhtfter , Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the Four First-merv-tioned Petitions; and had heard Counsel on Behalf of the Second, Third, and Fourth-mentioned Petitions, no Counsel appearing, or Evidence having been produced, on Behalf of the Two last mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matters of the said Petitions, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. William Hillyer,a Surveyor, being examined, said, that he surveyed the Shire House at Chelmsford, last Tuesday and Wednesday, for the last Time — That it is a very old Building, very much out of Repair, and standsupon Eight Columns.

And he produced to your Committee, Plans for a new Gaol and Shire House.

Mr. William Robinson, a Surveyor of the Board of Works, and Mr. Charles Mills, a Builder and Surveyor, being examined, said, That they have surveyed the Sessions House with Mr. Hillyer — That it is out of Repair, in Decay, and worn out.

Being asked, Whether it was in such Decay, that it had better be rebuilt than repaired ? they said, It might be kept up and tied together for some Time, but would not support an additional Building — That it stands on Eight Columns, the Sixoutfide Columns have been decayed at Bottom, and cut off, and are pieced about Four Feet — that they are very much twisted out of an Upright — That the Brest-summer upon the Columns is rotten, and the Gutter Plates that come into this Brest-summer, are fwagged round several Inches, and tied together with Iron; and the main Tye that should have went across, was (topped short upon the Two Center Columns, which has occasioned the Rafters to thrust out the Side Brest-summers — That the Rafters are very much fwagged, and the Tiling lays hollow and round; and that it will be needless to repair it — That it would be unreasonable to think of repairing it, by Reason the Expence would be very great, and it would be a very old Building when done — That they think it would be best to rebuild it, and most for the Interest of the County: — And added, That it would be Money thrown away, to make any material Alterations by Repair.

Mr. Hillyer, being crols examined, said, That he has practised as a Surveyor about 14 or 15 Years, and was bred to the Business — That he was Surveyor to the Margate Public Assembly Room, and all the Build* ing in that Square, except those Sir Edward Hales was building.

Being asked, Whether be was Surveyor only, or the Designer of that Building ? — he said, The Foundation of that Building was dug by some Carpenters — That he

was down there surveying a job for Mr. Bull — That the Proprietor of that Room came and allied his Advice, in Regard to the Cost of that Building — -That he gave his Advice, and made several Alterations in the Plan, and was Chose Surveyor

Being asked, If from his View Of the Shire Hall, lie knows how long it is since it was repaired ? — he said. He should suppose, by the State it is in, many Years — That the Nisi Prius Court has been built since the Assize House, and One Side is supposed to be in the same Decay as the rest of the Building- — That, in examining the Nisi Print Court, he did not rip off the Plaister to search the Timbers; but that there is a Break of Six Foot, in which the Timbers appear in the same State of Decay as the rest of the Building — That the Dimensions of the Nisi Prius Court are Thirty-one Feet by Twenty -seven Feet Six Inches — That he did not measure the Height of it — That the Inside is Twenty-four Inches by Twenty-eight Inches, and the Crown Court is Twenty-six Inches by Twenty-four Inches, or thereabouts — That he did not examine the Repairs of the Inside of the Crown Court, neither did he calculate the Expenreof putting this in Repair; but calculated the Expence of taking it down.

Being asked, How long it would last and serve sufficient for the Purposes it was now used, with a complete Repair ? — he said. If it was thoroughly repaired, it would last 50 or 100 Years, but by thoroughly repairing, he meant rebuilding it — That the Columns might last some Years with proper Security — That he was first called upon to survey this in June or last, and was employed by Mr. — That when be

took that Survey, it was to examine into the State of the Repairs of the Shire Hall; and that he surveyed it Five or Six Times afterwards — That he went down with a Plan to the Quarter Sessions to attend a Committee, and then surveyed it for his own Satisfaction every Time — That he was not paid for the Plan, but presumes he shall — That he carried those Plans to Lord Rockford, and by his Order carried them down to the County; and when he was with the Gentlemen at the Quarter Sessions, after he was approved on as Surveyor, he told them, that if the Building went on, and he was continued Surveyor, at Five per Cent., the Expence of the Plans were included.

Mr. Robinson and Mr. Mills, both informed your Committee, that they are not any ways concerned or interested in the carrying on this Business.

Mr. Robinson said. That he took this Survey last Wednesday, and never took any before.

Being asked, When he went down upon this Survey, what Directions he had with Regard to taking it; and what he apprehended was the Object of it ? — he said, He went down to take a Survey of the Foundation of the new and old Gaol — That when he was at Chelmsford, Mr. Hillyer desired he would examine the Shire House; which he did — He likewise told him, There was a new Shire House intended to be built upon Part of the Premises; but did not desire him to give his Opinion upon the Valuation of the Repairs of the old Shire House.

Mr. Mills, being further examined, said, He went down the Day before Mr. Robinson; and the same Evidence he has now given, he gives.

Mr. Francis Smylhics, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of EJJ'ex, being examined, said, That he had attended almost every Session and Assizes for these Ten Years — That he has known very great Inconveniences arise from the Situation of the Crown Court — That being an open Court, and a very great Traffic of Coaches and other Carriages passing so near, he has known the Business of the Court frequently interrupted and delayed, from the Noise that has been made by Carriages and other Traffic; and besides, it is much too small for the Business of the County.

Beingafked, How near the Corner of the Court House,

all

e

11 Geo. III.

66

all the Carriages, Coaches, Beasts, that dome from Braintree, Booking, Norfolk, Suffolk, &c. pass? — he said. He could not speak as to exact Admeasurement, because he never surveyed it, but they come extremely near, and there is nothing to defend their coming immediately close up to the Piazza of the Court House — That he supposes, the High Road from the Corner of the Court House to the Shops, on the other Side of the Road, to be about Fifteen Feet wide, and believes Two Carriages cannot pass abreast by the Court House: That, in his Judgment, the Nisi Prim Court is too small for holding either the Quarter Sessions or the Assizes — and he has frequently found Inconvenience arising therefrom, both at the Quarter Sessions and Assizes — and that, at the Summer Assizes, by Reason of its being so small, he apprehends it to be extremely unwholesome for the Number of People that resort there — That when the Special Jury or Common Jury have been fitting in the Niff Prius Court, he has known frequent Interruptions in passing through the Midst of that Jury, by Reason of the Avenue being stopt up intirely on One Side of the Court — and that there is no Room in that Assize House, or any Place in which the Grand Jury, doing the Business of the County, can retire to; nor any in the Grown Court.

Being asked. How far the Crown Court is situate from the Gaol ? — he said. The Court House is at One End of the Town, and the Gaol at the other Extremity — That he has frequently seen the Criminal Prisoners brought all together upon a Chain through the Town to the Court House — That at the Time of the Assizes, they are taken up in the Morning to the Court House, they are together put into a small Box and kept till Dinner Time, unless they take their Trials before j and at Dinner Time they are taken back again to the Gaol, and brought up again after Dinner, and taken back again in the Evening — The Prisoners are put promiscuously into this Box — And that he has seen a Clergyman in his Gown and Caffock, against whom no Bill has been found, Handing the re in the Midst of a Number of Felons — That he has heard the Shire House is intended to be built, where feme Houses now stand, near or adjoining to the Church Yard in Chelmsford — And that if it is built there, it will be farther from the present Gaol than it is now, by about Fifty Yards.

Being asked. Whether he himself personally ' heard the Judges complain, that they had felt any Inconvenience ? he said, He never heard any Judge make any Complaint — But has known the Judges of Assize flop Coun-fel and Witnesses, because they could not hear while Carriages were passing by.

Being asked, Whether he ever heard the Judges themselves express a Desire for the Removal of the Shire House ? — be said, He never had the Honour of any Conversation with the Judges — That during the Assizes, he never heard the Judges make any Complaint of the incommodious Situation of the Place.

Being asked, Whether the Inconvenience arising from Carriages going by, proceeds from the Court being an open Court, or from the Situation alone ? — he said, He apprehended the Inconveniences* arose in feme Measure from both — That he believed the doling up of the Court would in feme Measure remedy the Inconvenience arising from the Noise of the Carriages, but would in many other Respects make it still more inconvenient.

Being asked. Whether it would sufficiently remove the Inconvenience of the Noise of the Carriages ? — lie laid, He could not certainly tell — That the Niff Prius Court is a very close Court -, and in Summer Time the Heat thereof is almoftinsupportable to every one that has any Business to do.

Being asked. Whether he had heard the Judges in that Court flop Witnesses and Counsel from any Noise being in the Street ? — he said. He believed he had known the Business of that Court interrupted by Noise of Carriages, but not in l'o great a Degree as the other Vol. 33.

Mali. 3

and that the Niff Prius Court is nearer to the Road than EOet the Crown Court. Gf0* "*!

Being asked, Which of the Two Courts was nearest Sh,reho, lfe' to the narrow Part of the Road he spoke of, that was about Fifteen Feet wide ?->-he said, He could not tell, they were both extremely near — ‘That he believed the Niff Prius Court projects more to the Road than the *

Crown Court.

Being asked, In what other Respects doling up the Crown Court would be more inconvenient ? — he said.

He apprehended it would make it more confined, and less capable of receiving the great Number of People that always resort to that Court.

And the Witness produced to your Committee,

Book of Orders of the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County of Essex, in his Custody as Deputy Clerk of the Peace.

And said. That about Twenty Years ago, there was an Order in the Sessions Book for removing a Cornet Post — which was read; and is os follows:

Essex. At the General Quarter Session of the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the First Week next after the Close of Eaffer (to wit) the Sixteenth Day of April, in the Four-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, now King of Great Britain, and so forth, before John Comyns, Esquire, Sir John Cross, Baronet, Thomas -fton, Thomas Fanshall, Edmund Fowler, John Lodwick,

Esquires, and others their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County:

And also, £5 >c.

It is Ordered by this Court, That the Reverend Mr.

John Tindal doth order the Corner Post on the further Side of the Market Cross, from the Saracens Head at Chelmsford, in this County, to be removed at the Charge of the said Countyj and set so far into the Market Cross as he shall think proper, in order to make the Road more commodious for His Majesty’s Subjects, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six Pounds.

Then an Order of the Court of Quarter Sessions, on the 10th of July 1750, for taking down certain Buildings, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Essex. At the General Quarter Session of the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the First Week next after the Translation of Saint Thomas the Martyr (to wit) the Tenth Day of July, in the Four-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, now King of Great Britain, and so forth, before Thomas Bramffon, Charles Gray, Esquires,

Sir John Cross, Baronet, Jasper Kingsman, Robert Edmund Fowler, Esquires, and others their Companions,

Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County: And also, £*fr.

It is Ordered by this Court, That it be referred to Sir John Cross, Baronet, and the Reverend John Titidal, Clerk, and they are hereby desired to wait upon the Right honourable Lord Fitzvtal, to know if his Lordship will consent to the pulling down some Buildr ings opposite to the Corner of the Shire House, for enlarging the Highway there j and if his Lordship will consent to it, then it is further Ordered by this Court, and they are hereby desired to consider, what Expence it will be to carry the same into Execution, and to make their Report at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace, to be held for this County.

Mr. Smythies, on his Cross Examination, being afleed. Whether he everfaw any of the Shire Houses or County Houses upon the Home Circuit ? — he said. He was not certain — That he was particularly acquainted with what Counties are in the Home Circuit, but believed he bad never seen the Shire Houses in any other County, in

j B «!>

7

370 6° Mail. A. 1771.

Eflsex the Home Circuit, than the County of Effiex — That he never heard any of the Judges who go the Home Circuit ehouse' declare their Approbation of the present Plan of the

Pr/wiCourt itChelmsford-, and should have been very much surprised if he had heard them express their Approbation of a Court, which is evidently too small and inconvenient for transacting the Public Business of the County.

Being asked, Whether he ever heard the Judges or Pra<ftifers complain of the Inconveniences arising from the Smallness of the Court ? — he said, He never heard the Judges make any Complaint, but has heard the Attornies complain of it, both before and since the Question has been in Agitation i but should suppose it might hold them all.

Being asked. Whether he had been acquainted with the Tran fad ions of the justices in Quarter Sessions, or in Committees relative to the Building of a Gaol ? — he laid. He had attended every Quarter Sessions for Five or Six Years pad, and many of their Committees appointed to consider of repairing or rebuilding the Gaol; and consequently had been acquainted with most of their Proceedings: That he did not know that they ever made any Application to Parliament, before this, for rebuilding the Shire Hall.

Being a(ke<j. Whether any Application had been made to him at any Time by any of the Petitioners against this Bill, or their Agents, for Copies of any Orders made relative to this Application to Parliament, and the Purposes of it i — he said. There never had been any Application made to him since he was appointed Deputy Clerk of the Peace; — but said, he received a Letter some Time ago, long before he had any of the Records particularly in his Custody or any Power over the fame, from Mr. John Griffith-, the Purport of which, to the best of his Recollection was, to desire him to ask Mr. Ennewto fend him (Mr. Griffith) a Copy of the Order of Sessions relative to an Application to Parliament, and to give him Notice of the Time of presenting any Petition.

Being asked. Whether Mr. did, or did not, in

that Letter, t.ell him that the Application was on Behalf of those who intended to petition against the Bill ? — he said. He did not recoiled: whether he particularly did or not, but he understood it so.

Being asked what Answer he sent ? — he said. He really could not tell whether he sent any Answer or not; but he acquainted Mr. Ennew with the Purport of it, for, it required no Answer from him: — That he did not know whether Mr. Emiezv sent any Answer, but believed the Copy of the Order wa,s never sent: — That he thought the Shire Hall was inconveniently situated, by being so far from the Gaol.

Being asked, Whether it would be better for the Prisoners to come immediately from a Gaol into a Shire House or not ? — he said. He imagined that either Extreme would be better to be avoided, of a Gaol being too far from, or too near to, a Shire Flail: — That the Road that runs by the Shire Hall is gravelled; and from what he recolledts of the Two Courts, he does not know which is nearest the Road.

John Strutti Esquire, (One of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Effiex) being examined, laid. That he knows the Situation of the Shire House in but not the exact Size: — That he thinks the Situation very inconvenient, and the Size not large enough for the Business of the County: — That attending as a Magistrate, he had frequently known the Business stopt for feme Time by the Noise of Carriages and Droves of Cattle passing in the Road near the Shire House: — That the Grand Jury are obliged to leave the Court, and adjourn to a Public House, having no Room to retire to.

Being cross-examined, he said, He had acted as a Justi’ce of the Peace, for the County of Effiex, Ten or Twelve Years, and did not recollect any Application to Parliament,.before this, for removing the Inconveniences complained of; but knew it had been the Wiflr ?f,many Gentlemen, that the Inconveniences mentioned 1

might be removed: — That he never attended the Assizes at any other Place in England.

Being asked, Whether he thought that the Courts were big enough to contain those that attended upon mere Business ? — he said. It was a Matter he could not answer, but knew that the Grand Jury were frequently incommoded by the Crowd of People attending in and near the Sessions House: — That he never heard the Judges personally make any Complaint of the Situation of the Court House: — That he thought the Inconveniences arising from the Situation and Smallness of the Shire House so great, as to make it necessary to pull down the present Court House, and to build a new one j and added, that he never heard any Methods proposed to remove these Inconveniences without pulling it down.

Mr. Christopher Griffienhoofe, a Surgeon and Apothecary at Chelmsford, being examined, said, That he has lived there Forty Years and upwards, and is acquainted with the Road between the Court House in Chelmsford and the Houses on the opposite Side: — That he has heard of many Accidents, which have happened in or near the same: — That he was sent for to one Gentleman, who was overturned in a Whiskey, Major Barry S' Leger, and apprehended that Accident happened by the Narrowness of the Road: — That he never was sent for ,to any other Person that happened any Accident thereThat to his Knowledge there has been no Alteration made in that Part of the Road since the Accident he mentioned happened: and thinks, if the Road had been made wider he should have known it.

Being cross-examined, he said. That the Accident, he had mentioned, happened in January 1769, between One and Two o’Clock in the Day-time :~*-That that Part of the Road, in his Opinion, is a narrow and dangerous Road,

Being asked. Whether that Road could be made wider, otherwise than by pulling down the Shire Hall ? — he said. It might, by pulling down the Sheds opposite, and Part of a Dwelling House adjoining to the Sheds.

Being asked, Whether he ever surveyed this Spot with an Intention to form any Opinion as to widening the Road ? — he said, That since the Matter has been in Debate, he had surveyed it and stept it: — That the Measure of it is about Fifteen Feet or Fifteen Feet and a Half; but never took any exact Measure of it: — That it is a hollow Road; and he does not believe it can be widened without pulling down Part of a House.

Then an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for re-building the Common Gaol of the County of Effiex, was read.

Mr. Smythies (the Deputy Clerk of the Peace) produced to your Committee, the Order Book of the Court of Quarter Sessions for , the County of Effiex, from 10th January 1764 to icth. July 1770; and said, That he was present at the Time these Orders were made.

He also produced to your Committee a Copy of Presentment of the Grand Jury at the Summer Assizes 1767; which was read; and is as follows:

Effiex. The Return of the Grand Inquest, to inquire for our Sovereign Lord the King, and the Body of the County of Effiex, at the Session of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, held at Chelmsford, in and for the County of Effiex, on Wednesday the Fifth Day of August, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, dsV. before William Lord Mansfield, Chief Justice of our said Lord the King, assigned to hold Pleas before the Kinghimself, and Sir Sidney Stafford Smythe, Knight, One of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer Justices, &c.

We the Gentlemen of the Grand Inquest, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, have made diligent Inquiry of all Matters and Things, and find nothing presentable, except the Common Gaol of this County, which we find to be in very bad Condition, in Point of Repair, and too straight in the Rooms where the Felons are confined; so that it is not sufficient,

ifi

1 .

11 Geo. III.

6" Mali.

371

in its present State, either for securing the Persons committed, or for the Prevention of contagious Distempers.

Wilt*Maynard Samuel

John Bullock, R.

W" Mills, Cha.

John Archer, , Peter Du Cane, Jun'

Rich? Beavior, Wm

John Luther, Jacob Houblou, J unr

Tho’ Berney Bramston, John Strutt,

John Conyers,

Then an Order of the said Quarter Sessions, on the Sixth Day of October 1767, was read j and is as follows:

EJj'ex, 7 At the General Quarter Session of 6th 05lr 1767. J the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on cTuefday in the Week next after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel (to wit) the Sixth Day of October in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, before Charles Collyer, Esquire, Sir William Maynard, Baronet,

John Luther, Charles Gray, 'Thomas Berney Bramston, William Round, John Whittle, William Wright, JoJin Yeldham, Archibald Douglas, William Mills, James Round, James Raymond, John Blotch Whaley, Ynyr Bufge/s, Esquires, Chrifopher Wilson, Doctor in Divinity, John Tindal, Randolph Ekins, Henry Herring, Samuel How, John Morgan, Henry Chalmers, Clerks; and others, their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the same County.

It is Ordered by this Court, That it be referred to Sir William Maynard, Sir William Mildmay, Baronets, John Luther, Charles Gray, Bamber Gascoyne, Chester Moor Hall, Charles Collyer, John Bullock, Thomas Berney Bramston, William Round, Archibald Douglas, John Strutt, Charles Smith, William Wright, William Mills, James Round, John Whittle, Esquires, and the Reverend John Tindal, Clerk, or any Five of them, to examine into the State of the Common Gaol at Chelmsford, in, and belonging to, this County, and for their Assistance in so doing, they are desired to employ some able and . experienced Person or Persons, to survey and examine the fame; and they are requested to make a Report at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace, whether the said Gaol is capable of being effectually repaired, in such a Manner as to obviate the Inconveniences upon which it was presented by the Grand Jury at the last Assizes, or whether it must be pulled down and rebuilt; and if they are of Opinion that it should be rebuilt, they are further requested to procure a Plan and Estimate for that Purpose.

He also produced to your Committee, an Order of the Committee appointed by the said Quarter Session, dated 23 November 1767; which was. read; and is as follows:

Essex. At a Meeting of a Committee appointed by the Court of Quarter Sessions, for repairing or rebuilding the County Gaol, held at the Black Boy, in Chelmsford, on the Twenty-third Day of November. 1767; present, Sir William Mildmay, Baronet, John Bullock, John Strutt, William Wright, Esquires, and John Tindal, Clerk;

It is Ordered, That Mr. Richard 'Rawlins do take a Survey of the present Gaol, and the adjoining Ground# belonging to Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Wade, and another; and also, of the House and Premises opposite the present Gaol, late the Swan Inn, and also the White Horse Inn, and Premises thereto belonging; and to prepare a Sketch or Plan of a Gaol suitable to each Situation, and be prepared to lay the same before the Committee, at the racen s Head Inn in Chelmsford, on Tuesday the Twelfth Day of January next, at Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon; and that the Clerk of the Peace do write to every-Vol. 33.

Shirchouse#

Gentleman of the Committee, to desire their Attend- Efle* ance. Gaol and

WmMildmay, Will" Wright,

John Bullock, John Tindal.

John Strutt,

He also produced the Proceedings of the said Committee, on the t2th of January 1768; which was read; and is as follows:

Essex. At a Meeting of the Committee appointed by the Court of Quarter Sessions, for repairing or rebuilding the County Goal, held at the Saracen's Head Inn in Chelmsford, on the 12th Day of January 1768.

At this Meeting it was Resolved, from the Report of Mr. Richard Rawlins, the Surveyor, who had examined the State and Condition of the present Gaol; that the same cannot be repaired, so as to answer the intended Purposes, but that a new Gaol must be built; and having likewise examined a Survey of the Ground belonging to the White Horse Inn, we are of Opinion that the same would be a proper Place on which to build a new Gaol.

Wm Mildmay, WilWright,

John Bullock, James Round,

Cha. Gray, ChaSmith,

T. B. Bransion, John Strutt,

J. Whittle, John Tindal.

W. Mills,

Then an Order of the said Court of Quarter Session, on the 12th of January 1768, was read; and is as follows:

Essex, 7 At the General Quarter Session 12th Jan’y 1768. Jof the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord-the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Epiphany.

(to wit) the Twelfth Day of January, in the Eighth-Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, &c. before Charles.

Gray, John Bullock, Thomas Berney John Strutt,

John Whittle, Robert Andrews, William Wright, William Mills, Charles Smith, James Round, John Blotch Whaley, Esquires, Randolph Ekins, Henry Chalmers, Clerks, and others, their Companipns, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of the said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Mif-demeanors, committed in the same County.

A Report being made to this Court, by the Committee, to whom it, was referred to examine into the State of the Common Gaol at Chelmsford, in, and belonging to, this County, that the same cannot be repaired so as to answer the intended Purposes, but that a new Gaol must be built; and that the Ground belonging to the White Horse Inn, in the said Town of Chelmsford, would, be a proper Place on which to build a' new Gaol: It is Ordered by this Court, That the Gentlemen named of the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, do apply to John Richard Comyns, Esquire, the Owner of the said Estate, to know whether it will be agreeable to him to fell the said White Horse Inn, and the Ground thereto belonging, and at what Price; and they are desired to report his Answer at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden for the said County,

And the Witness being asked. Whether any Report was made at any subsequent Sessions, in Consequence of the last rqentioned Order ?-i-he said, That at the nexjt Session he heard Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, report to the Court, that he had applied to the said Mr, Comyns, to know if he would fell the While Horse Inn, and the Ground thereto belonging; and that the said Mr, Comyns absolutely refused so to do, alledging, that be thought it would be very disagreeable to the Tenants of his other Estates.

He alto produced to your Committee, sundry Orders of 1 the said Court of Quarter Session, and the Proceedings of their Committee relating to rebuilding the Gaol; which were read; and are as follow:

Essex, 7 At the General Quarter Session of # 1 zth April 1768-3 the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Close of Easter (to

6° Mali.

Eflfoc Gaol and Shire book.

37*

the Twelfth Day of April, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, See. before Charles Co/lyer, Esquire, Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, Sir William Maynard, Baronets, John Luther, Charles Gray, Chester Moor Hall, Thomas Berney Bramston, William Round, Joseph Clerke, Robert

Andrews, James IVyatt, William Wright, William Milts, James Raymond, Thomas Clamtree, John Blatch Whaley, Esquires, Chrtftopher Wilson, Doctor in Divinity, John

Tindal, Randolph Ekins, Henry Samuel How,

Henry Chalmers, Clerks, and others, their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of the said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the said County.

It is Ordered by this Court, That it be referred back to Sir William Maynard, Sir William Mildmay, Baronets, John Luther, Charles Gray, Bamber Gascoyne, Chester Moor Hall, John Bullock, Charles Collyer, Thomas Berney Bramston, William Round, Archibald Douglas, John Strutt, Charles Smith, William Wright, William Mills, James Round, John Whittle, Esquires, and the Reverend John Tindal, Clerk (being the Committee appointed for that Purpose at the General Quarter Session of the Peace held here, in and for the said County, on the Sixth Day of October last) or any Five or more of them, to re-consider what will be the most proper and convenient Place whereon to erect and build a new Gaol for this County; and they are desired to meet for that Purpose, at the Coffee House in ,on Friday

the Twenty-second Day of April instant, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and to make a Report at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden for the said County.

Essex. Chelmsford,) We whose Names are hereunder April 1768. jwritten, having met this Day, according to the Order of the Court of Quarter Sessions, to re-consider of the most proper and convenient Place whereon to erect a new* Gaol for this County, agree to the following Resolutions;

1" That a Field and Orchard, opposite to the Work-house in this Town, in the Occupation of William Stokes, and the Property of Mrs. Freeman, Widow, and Mr. John Judd, will be the most proper and convenient Place for erect ing the said Gaol.

2* That it be referred to Mr. Strutt to treat with the said Owners of the above Piece of Land, for the Purchase thereof.

Lastly, That this Meeting shall be adjourned to day, the First Day of the next Quarter Sessions.

Wm Mildmay, Will" Wright,

T. Bramston, John Tindal,

John Strutt, J. Whittle,

John Bullock, Round.

Essex. Chelmsford,) Whereas an Order was made July i3*fc 1768. )on the 2zd Day of last by the Committee, That John Strutt, Esquire, should treat with Mrs. Freeman and Mr. John Judd, for the Piece of Land, then by the Committee thought the most convenient Place whereon to erect a new Gaol; and Mr. Strutt having now informed this Committee, that the same is not to be sold; It is Ordered, That it be referred to the said Mr. Strutt, Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, and the Reverend Mr. Tindal, to treat with the Proprietors of the Ground adjoining to the present Gaol, and also the Proprietor of the House and Premises opposite the present Gaol, late the Swan Inn; and they are desired to make a Report at the next Meeting of this Committee, appointed to be held at the Coffee House in Chelmsford, on Wednesday the Twentieth of July instant, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, if the fame, or either of them, are to be disposed of, and upon what Terms.

W" Maynard, John Stmt,

Cha. Gray, Wm Round,

Chji. Moor Hall, John Tindal.

A \ 1771

At a Meeting of the Committee, appointed for repairing or rebuilding the County Gaol, held at the Coffee House in Chelmsford, the 20th July 1768.

At this Meeting it is the Opinion of the Committee, That Mr. Pain, the Surveyor, should be employed to inspect the Situation of the present Gaol, with the Ground proposed to be added to k, and the Situation of the Ground belonging to the Swan Inn; and that he should report which Place he shall think most proper to build a new Gaol on, Regard being had to the Piling necessary for the Foundation in each Place, and such other Circumstances as should occur to him on his View of both Places,

The Committee also beg the Favour of Mr. Strutt to enquire what the certain Price may be of the Purchaseof the Swan Inn, and Ground belonging to it; and that Sir William Mildmay will be so good as to enquire at what Price the additional Houses and Ground adjoining to the present Gaol''may be had; and that Sir William Mildmay, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Strutt, and Mr. Tindal, will be so kind as to give their Attendance whilst the Survey is taking; and that the Committee do meet to receive the Report of the Surveyor, at the Coffee House in Chelmsford, on Tuesday the 4th of next, at

Eleven' in the Forenoon.

Cha. Gray.

John Strutt, John Whittle, Essex.

4,h October 1768.

Wm Round,

John Tindal,

Will" Wright.

General Quarter Sefiion

At the

jof the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel (to wit) the Fourth

Day of October, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, &c. before Charles Gray, Esquire, Sir William Maynard, Baronet, Bamber Gascoyne, John Conyers, Thomas Berney Bramston, John Strutt, John Yeldham, James Wyatt, Thomas Drew, John Godfalve, Charles Smith, William Wright, John Whittle, James Round, Esquires, Henry Herring, John Tindal, Samuel How, Clerks, and others,

their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the same County.

Upon reading the several Papers now produced by the Gentlemen, to whom the Business of building a new Gaol, and a Place proper for that Purpose, was referred, and hearing their Opinion thereon; It is the Opinion of this Court, That the Spot on which the Gaol now (lands, and the Ground opposite to the fame, late the Swan Inn (which has also been inspected) are inconvenient Places for the Continuance of the present, and for erecting a new Gaol, the same being unwholesome for the Prisoners, dangerous to the County, and impracticable, from the Nature of their Foundation, to erect thereon a safe and commodious Gaol.

It is Ordered by this Court, That it be referred to Sir William Maynard, Sir William Mildmay, Baronets, John Luther, Charles Gray, Bamber Gajcoyne, Chester Moor Hall, John Bullock Charles Collyer, Thomas Berney Bramston, William Round, Archibald Douglas, John Strutt, Charles Smith, William Wright, William , James Round, John Whittle, Esquires, and the Reverend John Tindal, Clerk, or any Five or more of them, and such other of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting ^for the said County, as will please to attend to enquire for a convenient Piece of Ground for erecting a new Gaol; and that they do treat with the Proprietors of such Spot, as by them shall be thought convenient for the Purpose, for the Purchase of the fame; and that they do adver-tife for, and receive. Plans and Estimates for building a spacious and commodious Gaol; and they are desired to deliver such Plans and Estimates, and report their Opinion and Proceedings thereon, at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden for this

County;

t

1

.. L

1

11 Geo. III. 6° Mali.

373

County; and they are further requcflccl to meet at the Coffee House in Chelmsford, on Friday the Fourteenth of

October Instant, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, to take the said several Matters into Consideration.

Chelmsford, 7 At an Adjournment of the Com-Novem'i i,h 1768. jmittee appointed by the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the County of Essex, this Day held at the Coffee House in Chelmsford aforesaid, to consider of a proper Place whereon to build a new Gaol for the said County of Essex; Mr. Strutt reported to the said Committee, That, in pursuance of the Request of the Committee, held on Friday the 14th Day of October last, he had applied to Mr. Pocklington, to know whether John Wallinger, Esquire, would fell a Part of a Field, his Property, situate near the Coach and Horses, at Chelmsford aforesaid, in order to build thereon a new County Gaol j and that Mr. s

Answer was as follows:

" I imagine you are not unacquainted that my Estate at Chelmsford is entailed, and my Son a Minor, not " yet Three Years old; betides, I can never content " any Part of my Land should be appropriated for a " Gaol, as you must imagine it a Nuisance and disagree-' able to my Tenants."

Mr. Strutt likewise reported, That, by the Request of the said Committee, he had applied to Dr. to

know whether he would left the Bell Inn at Chelmsford aforesaid, for the Purposes above mentioned: and that Dr. Tyson's Answer was as follows:

Queen Square, near Great Ormond

1 ft, 1768.

SIR,

" As I promised to give an Answer to the Questions " you asked me on Wednesday last, at the Desire of the " Committee appointed to rebuild the Gaol for the " County of Essex, Whether I would fell the Bell Inn, " in Chelmsford, for the Purpose of building upon those " Premises a County Gaol; and, if I would, what would be my Terms? In answer, I beg you will acquaint the " Gentlemen of the Committee, that I have no Desire " to fell any Part of my Property in the County of " Essex-, but if it be deemed of Utility to the County, " I shall then be glad to oblige the Gentlemen concerned, by felling the Bell Inn, which is now in Lease " to a good Tenant for Twenty-one Years, from " F>ay 1764, and consequently the present Lease will " not expire till Lady Day 1785; It is now let only for £ 3° Per Annum to the pretent Tenant, upon Account of his having laid out a considerable Sum of 4‘ Money towards the Repairing the said Premises, but was formerly let for £. 40 per AnnumIf therelore, under these Circumstances, the Gentlemen are " desirous of purchasing my Interest, subject to that " Lease, I will part with it for the Sum of One thousand Guineas; but for the Purpose of building a Gaol only, and not to be applied to any other Use: The " Premises are Freehold, except ihc Hog Pens in the " Front of the House, which are Copyhold, and held <* of Sir William Mildmay, Baronet. I must beg to be " favoured with an Answer as soon as you conveniently can.

" I am, Sir,

" Your humble Servant,

" Rich. Tyson."

Mr. John B latch. Tenant to the Inn above-mentioned, having been applied to, to know whether he would give up his Lease for the fame, refused to quit the Premises on any Consideration, till the Time for which the said Lease is granted shall be expired.

Ordered, That this Committee be adjourned to day the 10th Day of January next,

Will" Wright, John Strutt,

H. Chalmers, Sam1 How.

John Tindal,

Yol. 33.

Efex, 7 At the General Quartet; Sef-

10th January 1769. J fion of the Peace, of our Sovc- Gaol and

reign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for sh‘retloule the said County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Epiphany (to wit) the Tenth Day of January, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, &c. before Charles Collycr, John Luther, Charles Gray, William Round, Thomas Berney Bramfon, John Strutt, William Wright, John

Whittle, John Yeldham, Esquires, John Tindal, Randolph Ekins, Henry Herring, Samuel How, Henry bers, Clerks; and others, their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the same County.

This Court, having taken into Consideration the Orders made at the last General Quarter Session of the Peace here held, in and for this County, relative to the Rebuilding of a Gaol for the said County, and the Reports of the Committee subsequent thereto;

It is Ordered, That an eminent Surveyor be employed to survey the Spot on which the present Gaol stands, with the Ground and Houses contiguous thereto, and offered to be disposed of for the Convenience of the County, or any other Ground that may be had for the building a convenient Gaol; and that Mr. Ennew, Deputy Clerk of the Peace of the said County, be employed to prefer a Petition to Parliament for a Bill to be brought in, for the purchasing such Ground as shall be thought proper to build such Gaol on, under the Direction of the Committee appointed at the last Session; and that William Round, Esquire, be desired to apply to Mr.

Dance, to make such Survey on the Monday before the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for this County.

Essex, 7 At the General Quarter Session of

4th April 1769. y the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Close of Easter (to wit) the Fourth Day of April, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, &c. before Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, Sir William Maynard, Baronets, John Luther, Charles Gray,

Bamber Gascoyne, isaac Martin Rebow, John Bullock,

Thomas Berney Bramfon, William Round, John

John Strutt, JcJ'eph Keeling, James Raymond, Charles Smith, Anthony Todd, James Wyatt, John Leapidge, William Taylor How, John Blatch Whaley, Ynyr Burges,

Esquires, John Tindal, Randolph Ekins, Henry Herring,

Samuel Hpw, Robert Younge, Clerks; and others, their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemea-nors, committed in the same County.

It is Resolved by this Court, That the House and Ground, called the Bell Inn, in Chelmsford, belonging to Richard Tyson, Doctor of Phylie, together with so much of the Houses and Ground adjoining thereto, on each Side, as shall be thought necessary for that Purpose, is the most convenient Spot whereon to build a new Gao), for the" Use of the said County.

It is Ordered by this Court, That Bamber,

John Bullock, Thomas Berney Bramflon, William Round,

John Strutt, James Round, John Whittle, William Wright,

James Wyatt, Joseph Gascoyne, Ynyr Burgifs, Esquires,

John Tindal, Randolph Ekins, Charles Phillips, and Henry Green, Clerks, or any Five or more of them, be a Committee to treat with Dotftor Richard Tyson, for the Purchase of the Bell Inn, with the Ground and Appurtenances thereto belonging, in Chelmsford aforesaid; and also with the Proprietors of the Houses and Ground on each Side of the said Inn, for the Purchase of l'o much

thereof

5C

374 6° Ma 1771,

thereof respectively, as shall be sufficient for the erecting, on the Premises so to be purchased, a new Gaol for the Use of the said County.

It is Ordered by this Court, That Mr. Deputy

Clerk of the Peace of the said County, do write to Doctor Rickard Tyson, in answer to his last Letter, about the Purchase of his Estate, called the Bell Inn in , for the eroding a new Gaol thereon.

The Committee, to whom it was referred by this Court to consider of, and fill up the Blanks in the Bill, depending in Parliament, for eroding a new Gaol for this County, reporting. That they have gone through the said Bill, and filled up the Blanks therein; and the same being now read, this Court doth approve thereof; and it is Ordered, That Mr. En Deputy Clerk of the Peace of the said County, do proceed for passing the said Bill into a Law.

Essex,7 At the General Quarter Session of 1 i,fc July 1769. 3 the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Tianflation of Saint Thomas the Martyr (to wit) tiro Eleventh Day of July, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King ot Great Britain, &c. before Bamber Gascoyne, John Luther, Charles Gray, Charles Collyer, Thomas Berner Bramston, Round,

John Strutt, William Mills, Charles . Joseph

John Yeldham, Joseph Keeling Baker, John Littlehales, James Round, William Taylor How, Joseph Gascoyne, Samuel Carter, Isaac Bevan, Esquires, Charles Doctor of Physic, Randolph Ekins, Henry Herring, Joseph Cuihbert, Samuel How, Charles George

heard, Henry Green, Clerks; and others, their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord tiro King, assigned to keep the Peace of our laid Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, TrespalTes, and other Mtfdemeanors, committed in the same County.

It is Ordered by this Court, That Mr. George Dance, the Surveyor, be desired to survey the Estate belonging to Dr. Richard Tyjon, called the Bell Inn, in Chelmsford, in order to fee whether the same will be convenient for eroding a large and commodious Gaol thereon, in as cheap a Manner as on the Ground where the old Gaol now (lands, with the adjoining Premises lately proposed to be added thereto; and that the said Mr. Dance be also desired to survey the Ground belonging to Sir William Mildmay, Baronet, called Brick Field, in Chelmsford aforesaid, in like Manner, for the same Purpose; and that he do prepare Estimates thereof, and deliver the fame, and report his Opinion thereon, at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden for the said County.

It is Ordered by this Court, That Mr. Samuel Ennew, Deputy Clerk of the Peace of this County, do, previous to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden lor the said County, cause an Advertisement to be inserted Three Times in the General and London Evening Pojls, and Twice in the Chelmsford and Ipf-zvich Newspapers, purporting, that on Wednesday the Fourth Day of Oficbernext (being the Second Day of that Session) Mr. Dance will deliver the Estimates, and make his Report in regard to the several Places by him surveyed, for the erecting a new Gaol lor the Use of the said County; and requesting the Attendance of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace thereon.

To the worshipful the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace at Chelmsford.

Gentlemen,

By an Order of this Court, dated Tuesday the Eleventh Day of July 1769, I was directed to survey the Estate belonging to Dr. Richard Tyson, called the Inn, ia

Chelmsford, in order to fee whether the same would be convenient for erecting a large and commodious Gaol thereon, in as cheap a Manner as on the Ground where the old Gaol now (lands, with the adjoining Premises lately proposed to be added thereto; and also to survey the Ground belonging to Sir William Mildmay, Baronet, called Brick Field, in Chelmsford, in like Manner, for the" same Purpose; and prepare Estimates thereof; and deliver the fame, and report my Opinion thereon; at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace*

In consequence of the said Order; I have surveyed and examined the Premises; and I find the Expence of the Foundation will be the same in each of the Three Places mentioned in the Order.

H avingcaufed the Ground to be opened where the old Gaol now (lands, and the adjoining Premises proposed to be added thereto, in Seven different Parts, 1 found, at the Depth of about Five Feet, a Stratum of good hard Gravel, mixed with a small Portion of Loam.

I likewise caused the Ground to* be opened at the Brick Field, where I found a fine Bed of hard Gravel; and there is no room to doubt of there being a very good Foundation at the Bell Inn; but as the Tenant refused to let his Ground be dug, I could not have it opened as I did the other Places.

I have estimated the Value of the different Premises to be purchased, which are as follows; viz.

1" The Be//Inn.

The Freehold of the Estate belonging to £. s. du Dr Richard Tyson ----- 900 o o

Mr. Blatch, who keeps the Bell Inn, has a")

Lease, 17 Years of which are unexpired

— He laid out upon Repairs^. 350Tour

Years ago — If the Premises are taken from \ 253 4 3

him, he should be reimbursed the Value [

of his Money for the 17 Years to come,

which amounts to-----.

But as his principal Loss will arise from his Removal, the making him a Recompence must be left to the Discretion of the Gentlemen, who will have the Management of this Business.

2dly The Brick Field.

For a sufficient Portion of the Ground, £. s.d. called the Brick Field, on which to ered, a large and commodious Gaol - - - 100 o o

3d,y The Premises adjoining to the old Gaol.

For such Part of the Premises, adjoining* to the Ground on which the present Gaol I now Hands, which will be necessary to I 496 o o build thereon a large and commodious 1

Gaol.....- - -J

The Ground belonging to the Bell Inn is very extensive, but its Shape is inconvenient for the Purpose of eroding a large and commodious Gaol; it extends from the Front next the Market, about 670 Feet in Length to the River, and does not exceed 82 Feet in Breadth, except in that Part next the River, where at the Time of Floods the Water overflows.

This narrow Form mull create unavoidable Inconveniences in the Construction of a Building which requires the freed Communication to its several Parts, at the same Time that the different Sorts of Prisoners, Debtors and Felons, Men and Women, should be kept entirely separate; but as the Entrance to the Gaol, if eroded on this Spot, must be in the narrowed Side or End of the Building, the Parts next such Entrance mull necessarily, in some Measure, be Passages tothofe which are more distant; whereas, if the Plan was more, extended in Breadth, the Entrance, by being more central to the whole Building, would open a much freer Communication to all its several Parts,

Therefore, I am of Opinion, that the Estate of Dr. Richard Tyson, called the Bell Inn, is not so convenient fur eroding thereon a large and commodious Gaol, as a

Piece

ii Geo. III. 6°

Piece of Ground where the Plan might be more extended in Breadth; and, as the Whole of theie Premises must be purchased, it appears by the foregoing Estimate, that it cannot be erected so cheap upon this Spot, as upon that on which the present Gaol now stands, together with the adjoining Premises proposed to be added thereto.

The Ground belonging to Sir William Baro-

net, called Brick Field, in Chelmsford, is an extensive Field, any Part of which would be convenient for the Purpose of erecting a large and commodious Gaol, with all its Appurtenances, which might be built on this Spot, as appears by the foregoing Estimate, much cheaper than on either of the other Two Places.

All which 1 beg leave to l'ubmit to this worshipful Court.

London, Geo. Dance.

October i* 1769.

Essex, 7 At the General Quarter Session of

3* October 1769. J the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Feast of Saint

Michael the Archangel (to wit) the Third Day of ber, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great , &c.

before Charles Gray, Esquire, Sir Anthony Thomas AIjJv, Sir William Maynard, Baronets, John Luther, Thomas Berney Bramflon, William Round, Peregrine Bertie, John Strutt, William Taylor How, John Whittle, Charles Smith, James Round, John Yeldham, Anthony Todd Baker, John Littlehales, Joseph Keeling, Thomas Edwa- d

Parker, Joseph Gascoyne, James Samuel Carter, Francis Alien, Esquires, Charles , Doctor of Physic,

John Tindall, Samuel How, Charles Phillips, Joseph Cut A-bert, John Morgan, George Henry,

Henry Green, John Petvin, Clerks; and others, their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our laid Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the same County.

The Report of Mr. George Dance, the Surveyor, in regard to the several Places Purveyed by him, for the Erecting a new Gaol for the Use of the said County, pursuant to an Order made for that Purpose at the last General Quarter Session of the Peace here held for the said County, being now produced, and read: It is Ordered by this Court, That the said Mr. Dance be directed to revise and re-consider his said Report, in regard to the Field called Brick Field, and particularly lo far as respects a full and sufficient Supply of Water, and an easy Discharge of the Filth by the Common Sewers, with all other Matters relating the reto} and that he be desired to attend personilly, and make his Report, at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden for the said County.

EfJ'ex, 7 At the General Quarter Session of

9"' Jan'y 1770. 1 the Peace, ofour Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Epiphany (to wit) the Ninth Day o[ January, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, &c. before James Round, Peregrine Bertie, Thomas Berney Brcmfon, John Strutt, William Mills, Anthony Todd, James Wyatt, John Par doe, Samuel Carter, DawelScratton, John Blalch Whaley, Esquires, Hugh Smith, Doctor of Physic, John Tiudal, Randolph , Samuel How, Henry Chalmers, Henry Greene, Walter Kerrich, John Morgan, Clerks; and others, their Companions, Justices of our laid Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasscs, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the same County.

Upon hearing the Report of Mr. George Dante, the Surveyor, now nude by him, in pursuance of an Order

V«t.33.

made for that Purpose, at the last General Quarter Sef- Effc*. fion of the Peace, here held for the said County .* It is Gaol and the Opinion of this Court, That the Field, called Brick $1"*ekufe‘ Field, in Chelmsford, is a proper Place for erecting a new Gaol for the Use of the said County; and Charles Gray, Bamber Gascoyne, Peregrine Bertie, Thomas Berney Bramflon, and William Mills, Esquires, are requested by this Court, that they, or any Two or more of them, will apply to Sir William Mildmay, Baronet, the Owner of the said Field, for the Purchase of so much thereof as Mr. Dance shall think requisite, for the erecting such Gaol, with every Convenience necessary thereto j and the said Mr. Gray, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

ston, and Mr. Mills, are further requested to take such Steps, as to them, or any Two or more of them, shall seem necessary, for obtaining"an Act of Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid; and they are desired to make a Report of their Proceedings, in the Matters aforesaid, at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County.

EJJ'ex, \ At the General Quarter Session of 24 April 1770. J the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holden at Chelmsjord, in and for the said County,

on tie j day in tire Week next after the Close of Enfler (to wit) the Twenty-fourth Day of in the Tenth

Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, Stc. before George Gent, Charles Gray, William Round, William Mills, John Yeldham, Thomas Adams, Henry L Collins, James

Barwick, Daniel Scratton, Samuel Carter, Esquires, John Tiudal, Randolph Ekins, Henry Herring, Samuel,

Joseph Cuthbert, John Morgan, Robert John Petvin,

William Betting, George Shepheard, Clerks; and others, their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespafies, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the same County.

This Court, taking into Consideration the Act of Parliament, lately passed for rebuilding the Common Gaol of this County, and in order to carry the same into Execution, doth hereby direct Mr. Samuel Emew, Deputy Clerk of the Peace of the said County, forthwith to write to Mr. George Dance, the Surveyor, to desire he will immediately survey, and make a Plan of, such convenient Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Tenements adjoining to, and communicating with, the present County Gaol, as he shall think necessary and proper for ereeling a new Gaol for the Use of the said County; and that he also prepare a Plan and Estimate of the Expence of such new Gaol, and attend with the same at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County; and that the said Mr. Dance, as soon as he shall have surveyed and formed a Plan of the necessary Ground or Tenements, do transmit a particular Account and Description thereof to Mr. Ennew, in order that the same may be contracted for, and purchased for the Purpose aforesaid.

It is Ordered by this Court, That it be referred to Thomas Berney Bramflon, John Strutt, John Yeldham, William Mills, Henry Lovibond Collins, Esquires, and the Reverend John Tindal, Clerk; and they, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and desired to contract and agree for such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Tenements, adjoining to, and communicating with, the present County Gaol, as Mr. George Dance, the Surveyor,

shall think necessary and proper, for erecting a new Gaol for the Use of the said County, in order that the same may be purchased and conveyed for that Purpose, according to the Direction of the Act of Parliament in that Behalf made; and they are desired to make a Report thereof, at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County.

EJJ'ex, 7 At the General Quarter Session of io,h July 1770. J the Peace, of our Sovereign L?rd the King, holden at Chelmsford, in and for

Essex Gaol and Shirchouse*

37 6

6*

1771.

County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Translation of Saint Thomas the Martyr (to wit) the Tenth Day of July, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sove-

reign Lord George the Third, now King of Great &c. before Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, Sir William Maynard, Baronets, Charles Gray, Thomas

Berney Bramston, William Round, John Strutt, William

Mills, Robert Andrews, John Yeldham, George Gent, Archibald Douglas, James Round, Thomas Adams, John Tufnell, Thomas Drew, Joseph Keeling, William Taylor Howe, Samuel Bosanquet, Anthony Todd, Edward Joseph Gascoyne, James Barwick, Et'quires, John Randolph Ekins, Henry Herring, Charles , Samuel

How, George Shepheard, Walter Kerrick, John Morgan, Clerks; and others, their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the same County.

This Court, taking into Consideration the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of doth Order, that the Execution of the said Act be postponed, and that a Committee be appointed to apply to Parliament, to explain and amend the fame; and that the Justices of the Peace for the said County, who are now present in Court, and all other the Gentlemen in the Commission of the Peace for this County, or any Seven or more of them, Ire a Committee to carry this Order into Execution; and it is further Ordered, that such Committee be requested to meet for that Purpose, at the Coffee House in Chelmsford, on Monday the Thirtieth Day ot July Instant, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; and that in the mean time an Advertisement be Twice inserted in the Chelmsford and Ipswich Newspapers, requesting the Attendances of the said Justices accordingly.

Essex. At a Meeting of the Committee, pursuant to an Order made at the General Quarter Session of the Peace, held at Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on the Tenth Day of July 1770, to consider of an Application to Parliament, to explain and amend the Act lately passed for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the said County, at the Coffee House in Chelmsford aforesaid, the 30th of July 1770;

PRES

William Mills,

Charles Gra\\

William Round,

Henry Lovibond Collins, \

James Round,

John Yeldham,

Tho' Berney

lx.is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause should be added to excuse the Occupiers of Lands and Tenements from Payment of more than One-half Part of the Rates for the new Gaol.

That the Clause for compelling the Corporations and Liberties in the County to be liable to the Rates, should be inforced by any additional Words that may be thought necessary.

That a Clause should be inserted, to enable the Justices to purchase the White Horse Inn, in Chelmsford, with the Ground and Appurtenances belonging thereto, for building thereon new Court Houses, a large Room for the Grand Jury, a Record Room, and a new Gaol; and that the County Members be desired to move for a Bill accordingly.

That such further Words should be added, for indemnifying the Sheriffs, as shall be thought requisite.

That a Clause be inserted, That it may not be lawful, by any thing in such Bill contained, for the Justices to take away, divert, or by any Means, or for any Purpose whatsoever, to diminish the Quantity of Water now flowing through the Conduit in the Town of Chelmsford.

That Mr. Bramston, Mr. Matthezv, and Mr. be requested to treat with Mr. for the Purchase of

the White Horse, and Premises aforesaid.

That this Committee be adjourned to the Afternoon of Tuesday the First Day of the next Session.

Mills, Chairman.

Essex. At a Meeting of the Committee to consider of an Application to Parliament, to explain and amend the Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the said County, at the Saracen's Head Inn, in Chelmsford, on Tuesday the 2d Day of October 1770;

PRES

Bamber Gascoyne, Charles Gray,

Tho 'Berney Bramf.on, John Strutt,

James Round,

Sami Carter,

Joseph Keeling,

John Whittle,

It

>.r

a

ENT,

Henry Lovibond Collins, \ "c Joseph Gascoyne,.

Maurice Gough, D. D. John Tindal,

Sam1 How,

Charles Phillips,

Henry Chalmers,

Bernard Fowler,

O

E N T,

John God 1:

John Strutt,

John Whit tie.

w John Tindal, 7 js

Charles Phillips, jg

He pry Herring, Jo

Mr. Bramston reported. That, by Desire of the Committee, he has applied to Mr. Comyns for the Purchase of the White Horse Inn, in Chelmsford for rebuilding a public

Gaol for this County; and that Mr. Comyns declared he was ready to sell the same for a County Gaol; and that Dr. Gower, his Tenant, had been seen, and said, he had no Objection thereto.

Mr. Smythies also produced to your Committee, the Order Book of the said Court of Quarter Sessions, beginning the 2d October 1770; . out of which was read the following Entry:

Essex, 7 At the General Quarter Session

2* October 1770. J of the Peace, of our Sovereign Lord the King, holdenat Chelmsford, in and for the said County, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel (to wit) the Second Day of October, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Britain, &c. before Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, Sir James Knight, Charles Gray, Peregrine Bertie, Thomas Berney Bramston, William Round, John Jolliffe Tufnell, Joseph Clerke, John Strutt, Henry Lovibond Collins, Joseph Keeling, John Whittle, James Round, Samuel Carter, Richard Benyon the younger, Samuel Bosanquet, John Leap-idge, James Wyatt Baker, John Joseph Gas-

coyne, Edward Parker, Thomas Adams, Anthony. Todd, Ynyr Burgess, Samuel Wee/ey, Esquires, ‘Maurice Gough,

Doctor in Divinity, John Tindal, Samuel How, Triftram Evans, Charles Phillips, Henry George Shepheard,

Henry Chalmers, John Petvin, Bernard Fowler, Nicholas Take, Clerks; and others, their Companions, Justices of our said Sovereign Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the same County.

At this Session, the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of an Application to Parliament, for an Act to explain and amend the Act; lately passed, for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the said County, reported, That they had met and considered the Matters to them referred; and were of Opinion, That a Clause should be added, to excuse the Occupiers of Lands and Tenements from Payment of more than One-half Part of the Rates for the new Gaol; that the Clause, fub-jedting the Corporations and Liberties in the County to the Payment of such Rates, should be inforced by any additional Words that might be thought necessary; that a Clause should be inserted, to enable the Justices to purchase the White Horse Inn, in Chelmsford, with the Ground and Appurtenances belonging the reunto, for building thereon a new Gaol; and that new Court Houses, a large Room for the Grand Jury, and a Room for the Records, should be also built; that such further Words should. be added, for indemnifying the Sheriff, as should be thought

requisite,

11 Geo. III. Mali.

377

requisite; and that a Clause should be inserted, that it shall not be lawful for the Justices to take away, divert, or by any Means, or for any Purpose whatsoever, to diminilli the Quantity of Water now flowing through the Conduit in the Town of Chelmsford. And the said Committee further reported. That Mr. Comyns, the Proprietor of the White Horse Inn, had been applied to for the Purchase thereof, for the building a public Gaol there, for the Use of the said County; who had declared, that he was ready to sell the same for that Purpose; and that Doctor , his Tenant,

had been also spoke to, who laid he had no Objection thereto. — To which Report this Court doth agree. — And the Court also came to the following Resolutions; viz.

That the White Horse Inn, in ,is the most

proper Place for erecting a new Gaol for the Use of this County; and that the Plan for the said Building, recommended by the Right honourable the Earl of Rochford, Lord Lieutenant and Custos Rotulorum of this County, and now produced to this Coiirt by Mr, William Hillyer, the Surveyor, is unanimously approved:

And also, that the Plan for erecting public Courts of Justice, a County Room, a Room for the Records, and other Conveniences, recommended by the said Earl, and now produced, by the said Mr. , is likewise

unanimously approved.

Whereupon it is Ordered by this Court, That an Application be made to Parliament, at the Beginning of the next Session, for bringing in a Bill, and obtaining an Act, to repeal the last Act; and for enabling the Justices of this County to carry into Execution the said several Plans now produced and approved; and that in such new Act proper Clauses be inserted, for answering the Purposes of the several Resolutions of the Committee above reported and agreed to: And that the Members for this County, and the other Members in the fame, be informed thereof, and their Attendance and Attention desired.

It is also Ordered by this Court, That the above named Mr. William Hillyer be, and he is hereby appointed Surveyor, for seeing the several Works, agreeable to the Plans now by him produced, carried into Execution: And he is hereby directed to cause the said several Plans, with the Elevations and Ground Plots, to be etched, and a sufficient Number sent to Mr. Samuel Ennew, Clerk of the Peace of this County, to be by him distributed and sent into the several Divisions of the said County, for the Use of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting the re. And it is further Ordered by this Court, That Advertisements be inserted in the public Newspapers, for all Artificers, and Persons concerned in such Works, to prepare and deliver in Estimates for building and completing the fame, according to the said several Plans, which are hereby directed not to be delivered out, but to remain in the Hands of the said Mr. to

be there inspected by such Artificers and Workmen: And that the said Mr. Hillyer do give such Directions for Advertisements accordingly.

It is also Ordered by this Court, That Charles Grayt Peregrine Bertie, Thomas Berney , William

Round, John Strutt, William Mills', John Whittle, Thomas Adams, Esquires, the Reverend Samuel How, Charles

Phi infs', Henry Chalmers, Joint Morgan Clerks, and all other His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, or any Five or more of them, be, and they are hereby appointed a Committee, to treat and contract, with John Richard Comyns, Esquire, for the Purchase of the White Horse Inn, in,

for the Erecting a new1 Gaol, and other Purposes, for the Use of the said County; which Contract, it is hereby Ordered, shall be binding. And the said Committee are also authorized and desired to treat and agree with the several Proprietors of the Estates near the Court House in Chelmsford, for the Purchase of such of them as may be necessary for erecting the new Courts,

Vol. 33.

and other Buildings and Conveniences, for the Use of the Essex

said County, agreeable to the Plans now produced by Mr* Gaol and Hillyer. And the said Committee are likewise desired to Shirchouse, give such Directions as they shall, from Time to Time, think, necessary, for applying to Parliament, and obtaining an Act for the Purposes aforesaid: And they are requested to meet at the Coflee House in Chelmsford, on Friday the Second Day of November next, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; and that Notice of such Meeting be given by the Clerk of the Peace, in the Chelmsford and Ipswich Newspapers.

It is further Ordered by this Court, That Mr. Samuel Ennew, Clerk of the Peace of the said County, and his Agent, do observe such Directions as shall, from Time to Time, be given to them by the said Committee; and that they do, upon all Occasions, apply to the said Committee, or. any Three or more of them, for Instructions relative to the several Matters aforesaid.

It is desired by this Court, That Bamber Esquire, the Chairman, do wait on the Right honourable the Earl of Rochford, Lord Lieutenant and Rotu-

lorum of this County, and inform him, that the several Plans and Elevations recommended by his Lordship, for the erecting a new County Gaol, Court Houses, and other Conveniences, for the Use of the said County, have been unanimously approved by the Justices here assembled j and that an Application to Parliament hath been ordered, for carrying the same into Execution, in which his Lordship’s Assistance is requested: And that the Surveyor who produced the said Plans and Elevations is ordered to be employed in executing the same: And that the Thanks of this Court be given to his Lordship, for his kind Care and Attention in this Matter, for the Benefit and Quiet of the said County.

It is Ordered, That the Thanks of this Court be given to John Richard Comyns, Esquire, for the Offer of felling the White Horse Inn, in Chelmsford, his Property, for the public Service of this County: And the said Mr. Comyns being here present, the Thanks of this Court were given to him accordingly, by Bamber Gascoyne,

Esquire, the Chairman.

And the Witness being asked, Whether, in pursuance of the Orders of the Quarter Sessions, Advertisements had been inserted in the public Newspapers ? — he said.

They had — That they were various, according to the Directions of the Orders of the Quarter Sessions, and their Committees.

Being asked, Whether there was any Thing expressed in any Advertisement, to call the County jtogether, to know the Opinion of the Gentlemen of* the County about the Building a Gaol ? — he laid, He believed not — That those Advertisements were confined to the Justices only; and that the Reports of the Committees

were made publicly in the Court of Quarter Sessions---

That he attended the Committee of the House of Commons in 1769, as prosecuting a Petition from the Borough of CoLchester, against the Bill for rebuilding the Gaol at Chelmsford.

Being asked, Whether it was an Agreement, that there should be a County Meeting called, and that the High Sheriff should publish an Advertisement for that Purpose ? — he said, He did not know that there was any such Agreement entered into; but had heard there was same such Conversation between Sir Anthony and Daniel Matthew, Esquire, who was then High Sheriff — That there was no County Meeting advertised for, or called, before the last Act passed.

Being asked. Whether it was known, or suspected, by the Justices in Quarter Sessions, or those who applied for the Bill, that the Spot on which the present Gaol Hands, and the Grounds adjoining, would be the Spot fixed by the Act of Parliament to build the new one ?-r-hc said.

He believed not.

Being asked. Whether, at any Quarter Sessions, or any Committee acting under Appointment therefrom, the Spot on which the Gaol now Hands, and the

n Grounds

EflTcx Gaol and Shirchoofe.

378 6° Mail. . 1771.

Grounds adjoining, were approved by such Sessions, or such Committees, as a proper Place for building such new Gaol, for Four Years past, dr ever ? — he laid, he believed never — That he attended the Court of Quarter Sessions on 24 April 1770.

Being asked. Whether there was not an Order made that Day, for Mr. Dance the Surveyor to be wrote to, to make a Plan of a convenient Piece of Ground, adjoining to the present Gaol, for eretting a new Gaol ? — he said. There was some such Order made, and Mr. Dance was accordingly wrote to, and returned the following Answer:

SIR,

I have been confined with a severe Illness for these Six Weeks pall, which is the Reason I could not answer your last Letter. I am but just recovered so as to stand on my Legs, and therefore it has been impossible for me to take any further View of the Premises. — I hope I lb all be well enough to attend the next Quarter Sessions: In the mean Time I can only say. That the several Pieces of Ground which I think should be purchased are as follows; viz.

The Ground belonging to Mr. , next ad-

joining to the present old Gaol;

A Piece of Garden Ground next to Mr. s,

belonging to Mr. Wade;

Another Piece next adjoining to Mr. fVode\ belonging to Mr. Tabratn;

Two more Pieces next to Mr. belonging

to Mr. Picket.

These are all the Premises necessary to be purchased. — I am now lo weak I can hardly hold my Pen, which I hope will be my Excuse for this Sdrawl, and my long Silence.

I am. Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

London, July 2*

>77°* . Geo. Dance.

And the Witness said. That this Letter was communicated to the Justices; but believed nothing was done in consequence of it — That he had attended every Quarter Sessions for these Five Years past; but did not remember what the Bench said when this Answer was delivered to them.

Being asked. Whether, upon that Answer being lent, there was any other Surveyor appointed ? — he said. There has been another Surveyor appointed since, but not in consequence of that Answer, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief — That he never heard any Reason given why another Surveyor was appointed.

Being asked. Whether there was another Surveyor appointed the same Sessions ? — he laid, he believed not; but desired Leave to refer to the Order of Sessions.

Being crols-examined, he said, he did not attend at every Committee of the Justices relative to this Business, since it commenced — That he attended for Mr. Ennew, who was then Deputy Clerk of the Peace — That there were no Books kept for entering the Proceedings of the Committee; but that the Accounts of the Business there done, was taken down in Writing — That he did not know whether Mr. Rawlins made any Report or not — And that he could not tell whether he was present at the Meeting when Mr. Ra attended, without re-

ferring to the Entries of the Committees — He said, he is acquainted with the Hand Writing of every Gentleman who signed the Resolution of the Committee held at Chelmsford, in January 1768, having frequently leen

them write; and believed the several Names thereto Tubscribed to be of their own proper Hand Writing respectively — That he was present at the Court of Quarter Session on the Second of October 1770, when the Refo-

3

lution was come to; and to the best of his Recollettion the Chairman read a Letter, purporting to be a Letter from Lord Rockford, recommending the said Plan, and Mr. Hillyer — That he did not particularly recollett any

Examination at the Court of Quarter Sessions as to the Expence of executing the Plan; nor did he particularly remember that there was any Estimate produced or talked of, at the Time these Plans were recommended at the Quarter Sessions — And, that if he had ever fecn any such Estimate, he did not then remember it — That he cannot tell what Expence had been, or was to be, paid by the County, on Account of the Contest that had arisen on this Subject of the Gaol; and knows no otherwise than what appears from the Books.

Being asked. Whether he knew of any Petitions pre-lented to the Justices in Quarter Sessions, relative to the Spot on which the Gaol was to be built ? — he said. There was Two Representations presented; but could not ex-attly tell when; nor did he remember whether there was any Order given, or any Notice taken of them.

He then produced to your Committee the Two last mentioned Papers; which are as follow:

The humble Petition and Representation of the Inhabitants of Chelmsford, in the County of , to

the Chairman, and rest of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions, held at Chelmsford, in the said County, on the 5 th Day of Aprilt in the Ninth Year of our Sovereign Lord the King.

We the Inhabitants of the Town of whole Names are hereunto subscribed, having been informed, that, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held in this County in January last, Complaint being made of the ruinous and bad State of the County Gaol situated in this Town, the Court was pleased to direct, that a Petition should be presented to the honourable House of Commons, for Leave to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the same: And your Petitioners observe, that it appears, by the printed Votes of the House of Commons, that such Petition was presented accordingly, on the 26th Day of J, in the Name of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the County of EJJ'ex, assembled at the last Quarter Sessions of the Peace; setting forth, " That the common Gaol " belonging to the said County, situate at,

" being a very ancient Building, and greatly gone to Decay, a Committee was appointed by the General " Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Chelmsford " aforesaid, upon the Ninth Day of January instant,

" to, inquire into the State of the said Gaol; and the Petitioners assembled at the last General Quarter " Sessions, having taking into Consideration the Report uof the said Committee, ordered, that an eminent " Surveyor should be employed to survey the present "..Spot, with the Ground and Houses contiguous there-u to, and which had been offered to be disposed of, or " made Use of, for the Convenience of the said County, or any other Ground that might be had, for the " Purpose of building a convenient Gaol; and that an " Application should be made to Parliament, for an " Att for purchasing Ground necessary, and for rebuilding the said Gaol; and therefore praying, that " Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Ih^ll seem meet." Which Petition was ordered to be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as should appear to them, to the House.

And we find, by several subsequent Votes of the House of Commons, that the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, having reported, that they had examined the Matter thereof, a Bill was ordered to be brought into the House, for rebuilding the common Gaol for the County of EJJ'exwhich haying

been

11 Geo. III.

6° Ma

been brought in accordingly, and read a First and Second Time, was, on the 2 2d Day of March last, committed; and which Bill) being now printed, sets forth in the Preamble) That,

Whereas the common Gapl of the County of Essex, situate at Chelmsford in the said County, is in a very unwholesome, obnoxious, and inconvenient Place, and is too small, and being a Very ancient Building, and greatly gone to Decay, is so incapable of being repaired) that it is necessary a new Gaol should be built.

Hereupon your Petitioners cannot forbear expressing their Surprize, that such Allegations, relating to the Place on which such Gaol now stands, should be inserted in the Preamble of the Bill, being Matters not complained of, nor contained in the Prayer of your Petition j and as the Surveyor above appointed has not yet made any Report of his Survey of the present Spot; and we being totally unapprifed that such Objections to the Situation of the old Gaol were intended to be thus previously alledged, the Truth of which might have been invalidated by the Evidence of Fadts and Experience, if due Notice had been given; and conceiving ourselves materially interested in the Event, as most likely to be first affected by any Annoyance that may happen by altering the Situation of the said Gaol; we do therefore now most humbly beg Leave to repre-l'ent, and doubt not but we shall be able to prove, that the present Situation of the old Gaol, adjoining to the wide, deep, and running Stream of a large River, is the most proper Place for a Gaol, with Regard to Health, Conveniency.and Safety, the three essential Points Chiefly to be considered in erecting any Building for that Purpose. And We cannot but remark, that a very recent Instance of the confined Felons conspiring, and attempting to set the Gaol on Fire, in order to make their Escape, was prevented by the Means of so 'much Water being near at Hand, which is almost evident Proof of the Utility of such a Situation.

And your Petitioners beg Leave further to observe, that in and by the said printed Bill, such general and extensive Powers are proposed to be vested in the Justices of the Peace, to compel the Sale of Property for the Purpost of building a Gaol, that, wfere it not for the Confidence we repole in the Wisdom and Justice of this Court, might create an Alarm of a most threatening Danger to our common Liberties, since such cornpulfory Powers thereby proposed, without Exception or Restrictions, might authorize the building of the Gaol in any "Place detrimental to private Property, and even in our ^public Market Place, to the Annoyance of its Neighbourhood, and in prejudice to the Rights, Franchises, ’and Emoluments, this Town is entitled to enjoy, and has Time out of Mind enjoyed, of holding a Market once in every Week, and of keeping Fairs at certain allotted Times in the Year, in the said common Market Place, to which the Inhabitants of the adjoining County resort, for the Sale or Purchase of Proyilioris and other Necessaries of Life, and whereby the Tradesmen in the Town, and the Farmers in its Neighbourhood, gain a mutual Benefit for the Support of themselves and their Families, in the general Intercourse of Commerce and Dealing with one another; But should a Gaol be built at or near the Place of so common a Resort, it might deter People from coming to our Market, for Fear of the many malignant and pestilential Distempers which the unhappy Wretches under so close‘a Confinement ate liable ufito. And we are' sorry to find, that the Proposel and Re-cofnmendation that has lately been publicly offered, for building the 'Gaol in this Market Pl^cep has already . infused alarming Apprehensions into the Minds1 bf many People. ''; ‘ j""1- 1

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly pray for the Concurrence of this Court, in making timely Application to the Committee of file House of Commons, to whom the said Bill is' referred, for procuring such - VoL; 33.

Amendment to the said Preamble as may be consistent to the Resolutions of the last General Quarter Sessions, and the Prayer of your Petition, in order that we may not be precluded or restrained, by any implied Construe-tion of the above recited Allegations, from proving, that the Place whereon the present Gaol is situated is neither unwholesome, obnoxious, or inconvenient. And as to the Objection that has been urged) of the present Building being too small, it is obviated, by the voluntary Offers made) by the Proprietors of the Houses and Lands next adjoining, to fell their Premises, to be disposed or made use of towards the Enlargement of the Place, for the Erection of a more spacious Building; Or, in case any material Objection, not yet suggested, should arise to its present Situation, we humbly hope no other will be fixed upon, that may any ways annoy the Health and Safety of the Inhabitants, or be prejudicial to their Market, and to the Rights, Franchises, and Emoluments appertaining thereto. And your Petitioners shall ever pray, (ffc.

EIT« Gaol and Shirehouse.

W" Mildmay John Pattiiifo

It? Lough Ed Hanfdon,

Sam1 Price,

Timoithy Toft,

Edwd Wyl

James Wend

Tho’ King,

E/iz. Marsh,

Sand1 Jealous

Benj* Ingold,

Ra Pirffon,

Ja‘ Taylor,

Wm Schuldham Thomas Fage,

Richd Parfo,

Tho' West ley,

Ann Watts,

M. W. Pugh,

Tho* Battifon

Wm Taylor

J"* Joflin,

Wm Hunfdon,

Matfa Joy

R. Griffiths,

Joseph Boom,

Char* Bearman, Jofp. Clark,

Sami Lewis,

Will" Towndrow, Henry Hunfdon,

Jit0 Brecknock

William Lewin, John Tindal W" feapingwe/l,. Fran’ Smith,

Geo. Simpson,

‘John St'ffie,

Rob‘

JohitStaggf t, John Trnt,

Wm Macroft,

Wn Retd,

Th o* Hin de, Sarah Je, Jf'Rant,

" Edvff P

Thtf Till, Clk. Rebecca,

11

Ann WeJlley

John Robittfon

Ed Himfdon, Jum

Job Davis,

Geo. Dewies,

Tho* Sweeting, Johnson Frith,

Step Jackson,

John Guy,

John Heath, Clk. John Beyley,

George Clark,

Mungo Riji,

Tho* Brown,

Tho* Pocklingtou, William Garritt,

The? Clapkam,

Benj’ Pugh,

Geo. Tindal,

W. Cropley,

Rob1 Harling JoJkua Hou,

James Scott,

Boaz Guy,

Rd Garden,

Time Ho/mft

Thomas Guy,

Tho* Marks,

, W* Menish,

Ja* Rayment, Thomas Bundock, Stephen Levitt,

Rob* Greenwood, John Griffith, David Ogborne, Cha. Kerby,

Jn° Seaborne,

Dan1 Baker,

Will"Scott,

Benj. Jeff cry,

W~ Cowell,

Wm Crabb, Jun. Jofiph Saurn,

N. Hurrell,

Chris' M, A. Shipman,

Titos. Sheppard,

Jn° Blotch,

Step. De,

Benj.. Birch.

\ P. TbmlijtJfin,

F-ssex. To the Wofftjipful the Chairman, and the

reftj or the Worshipful His MajestyV Justices of the

Peace Tor the said County of at the General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Chelmsford, in

and

Essex Gaol and Siurcboulc.

6° Mail. 1771.

and forthcsaid County, on the Second Day of

Oficber One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, assembled;

The humble Representation of the Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford, whose Names are hereunto subscribed.

We the Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford, cannot forbear expressing our great Surprize, as well as deep Concern, at the many Attempts that have been often made, and are now repeated, towards removing the County Gaol from the River, and rebuilding it in the Town, adjoining to the Market Place; which Situation for a Gaol, we have frequently and earnestly remonstrated, would prove an Annoyance to our Market, offensive to the People resorting thereto, and prejudicial to the Inhabitants, and the principal Part of this Town.

We had great Reason to hope, when the Legislature had passed an Act, the last Sessions of Parliament, to authorize the Building a new Gaol, on the Ground adjoining to, and communicating with, the old one, that all former Contests about the Situation would have been finally terminated, and Peace and Tranquillity restored to our Town and its Neighbourhood; but bn the contrary, after all the Trouble and Expence that has been created to ourselves and the County; after all the Rea-fons and Arguments which have been offered, and attended to with Candour and Impartiality, by the honourable the House of Commons; after the fullest Evidence given by the most eminent Surveyors in Favour of the old Place, as preferable to any other in or near the Town; and even after the Law above mentioned had been passed, to fix the Gaol on its former Foundation; we are fprry to find, that, notwithstanding all these Circumftinces, a Committee of Justices, appointed foconsider of an.Explanation and Amendment of some inaccurate Clauses in the above Act, have agreed, by ' a Majority of One Vote only, to propose t6 this Court, to make another Application to Parliament, to repeal and annul the very Law, which, but a few1 Months before, had been passed upon a former Application from this Court. '

Our Concern' has yet been farther increased, upon hearing, that they not only propose removing the Gaol to the Market Place, but pulling down and.destroying the White Horse Inn, a large, convenient, and well accustomed Inti, situate on the East Side of the Market, in order tp give Place to a Gaol to be built in the room of it — Herice we must beg Leave to suggest, that as Markets are necessary for the Sale the common Provisions bf Life, so Inns near the Market are necessary, for the Reception and Accommodation of those who deal-in the Sale of those Provisions: and to this Purpose, we cannot but take Notice, that the said White Horse Inn, now proposed to be demolished, is of great Convenience to the Farmers, Millers, and others, coming to fell or buy the several Sorts of Co'rn and Grain; to Which Inn, accordingly, great Numbers resort, and dine every Market Day, it being the if Place of Rendezvous, whefe, at appointed Times, they- are to be found, and where they finish the Bargain, they agree for in open Market; should such a respectable Body of Men be driven from this Place of Accommodation, we are fearful they may look out for other Markets, to the Diminution of this, and to the Prejudice of the Town in general: And, with respect to trltefe Premises themselves, belonging to the Whitt being im-

proper for the Construction of such Gaol; We appeal to the Testimony of the Surveyor appointed by this Court to examine them; as we are informed, that the Grounds Containing the Back Yard1, Garden, and Bowling Green, are top small, and the Soil 'too('fWatiipy, for the Erection of a sufficient, strong,. and ample'Edifice; and no good Water to be procured, but through Pipes from a Distance, if any can be procured it all; for we

w O ' J 1 . '

confide in the Protection of the Law, that none will be taken from the Springs that now help to fill the Reservoir of Water, from which the Town has by Prescription the (ole Right of being supplied.

Lajlly, We most humbly submit to your Consideration, as the Guardians and Trustees of the County Revenues, the Expences which will be created by thus pulling down old, and erecting new. Buildings, and purchasing the Grounds sufficient for such Purposes, which must be paid by Rates levied on the Land-owners of this County; and how greatly must these Rates be augmented, from the additional Expences incurred by the many Disputes and Oppositions instigated on this Occasion ? We, the Inhabitants of this Town, have already expended large Sums, raised by our Voluntary Contributions, to avoid the Nuisances as above; the County in general must pay considerably more, to defray the additional Expences of these renewed Disputes; hence the Freeholders at large, on whom such encreased Rates must be levied, will become interested in the Event; On their Behalf therefore, as well as of ourselves, we humbly entreat the Interposition of this Court, to oppose any Application to Parliament, for altering the Situation of the Gaol, from the Place whereon it is now by Law authorized to be rebuilt.

Wm Mildmay,

N. Holmes,

Sam1 Lew,

Ja‘ Taylor,

Tho' Bundock,

J. Griffith,

F. Tomlittfon,

Tho1 West

Timothy Toft,

Wm Hebbin,

Stephen Levitt, Geo. Simpson,

John Tin

Thtf Ford,

Edw* W

M.W.

Wm Schuldham,

Rob’ Starling,

John Griffith,

S. Lucas Bumpjlead, Benj. Jeffery,

Benj. Ingold,

Wm Leapingwell,

Jn° Lough,

Fra1 Smith,

SamnPrice,

Geo. Tindal,

Rob’ Greetrtuoo John Brecknock* David Qgborne, Tho.'S'wcetfng, Jerh JoJlin,

HenJ Meniflt,

Ju° Blatch.'

_ . 1

In Support of the Allegations of the Second, Third, and Fourth, mentioned Petitions, Mr. George Dance, an Architect, being examined, said. That he has, been engaged in public Buildings, is a City Surveyor, and has been at Chelmsford on this Account — That he first went down to Chelmsford, on this Business, about Three Years ago — That fie received an Order from; the Quarter Sessions, transm.itted to him by tfi^. ‘ Clerk of ;the Peace, and went down in pursuance' of it — That tthe First Order was a general one, for* him' to 'survey- several Places; and believed it particularized the old Spot, Tthe Bell Inn, the Brick Field, the Swan, and Two or Three other Places which he did not, recollect; and upon viewing them, the old Spot appeared to him to ' be the most proper Place — That he transmitted hisOpi-nion, ini a Let ter to Mr. Round, at the Quarter Sessions, as it was impossible for him to attend fit Person — The next Ofder he received, from the Quarter Sessions, di-rested.him to value the Grounds necessary to be pur-ch^fed, adjoining to the old Spqt, jlhe Estate of Doctor Tyton, at the Bell ilrui,' and she Field Ibelpriging to Sir William. MilJmay, called ^Brick Field, fuel! Part of it as was proper t'dbuild & Capl on^ ^nd in; Confe.quence of which.Order, he sent a written Report; to the Quarter Sessions-L-That he thought himselfobfigecl.’at that Time, to comply literally 'w^th the Order; whiph Order, he underltoqd, wa? nothing more thap so estimate the Value of the JPremifes to be purchased at the old Spot, the‘2&// Inni and the Brick ffieThat', after he had made the Report, he ,\yas ordered to rpconsider the Matter relating to the Brick Field, and to attend in Person the next Quarter Sessions, which he did — That when he attended, he wias asked several Questions concerning

11 Geo. III. 6° Mail.

381

cerning the Brick Field, which he said. He answered to

the best of his Knowledge, with respect to the draining that Spot.

Being asked, Whether, at that Quarter Session, when he attended by Order, he did or did not offer to give his Opinion with regard to the Propriety of the Situ* ation of the old Gaol, in preference to any other Situation ? — he answered, That upon the Subject of-draining the Gaol, he remembered that he said. He was going to compare it with the old Spot, but was told, by l'ome of the Gentlemen upon the Bench, that he need not say any thing with regard to the old Spot, or something . to that Effect.

Being asked, Whether, if he had not been stopt, he intended to have given his Opinion on the Preference - of the Situation of the old Gaol ? — he said, He meant . only at that Time to have spoke what occurred to him, with respect to the Comparison of draining the one Place and the other, and should have only said, that the Circumstance of the River being so near the old Gaol, would have been the Means of the Gaol being drained and kept clean.

Being asked. Whether he was ever examined at any other Time, touching the Propriety of the Situation of the old. Gaol ? — he laid. He was, at a Committee of the House of Commons last Session, when the Bill was depending for rebuilding Chelmsford Gaol — That the Opinion he gave at that Time, with regard to the Propriety of the Scite of the old Gaol, was, that it was the Place which he should prefer — and that he was of the same Opinion now.

Being asked, the Grounds of his Opinion ? — he said. The principal Advantage which that Place appeared to him to have, over all others, wa6 the Nearness of a very deep River, which would be a Means of carrying away all Manner of Filth, and which, he apprehended, was of great Consequence to a Building of that Nature — That the Ground is situated in a Manner out of the Town, distant at least from the principal Part of the Town, and would therefore be of less Annoyance to the Inhabitants and, with the Addition of very small Pieces of Ground, it would become a very large and commodious Spot; wanting only in Breadth a very little, in its present Form — That close to it there is a very copious Spring, by which he thought the Gaol might be supplied plentifully with Water.

Being asked. Whether he had ever formed any Plan for building a Gaol upon this Scite ? — he said, He had, which he produced to your Committee — That he proposed, by his Plan, to new build Part of the Gaol upon the new purchased Ground; and when the new built Part was fit, to remove the Prisoners into it, and afterwards go on in pulling down the old Part, and finishing the whole Building — That he had made an Estimate of the Expence of building it, which he believed was £.8,000.

Being asked. What he estimated the Purchases necessary at ? — he said, £.496 — That he examined the Scite of the White Horse Inn, the first Time he went down; but. said, It was so long since, be could not (peak particularly to it.

Being asked, Whether a Gaol to be built upon that Ground, with the Purchase of the Ground, would not cofl a great deal more than the Gaol on the Plan he had proposed ? he answered. That he imagined the Purchase of the Ground would be more; but as to the Building, it would depend upon the Plan — That he had seen the Plan of a Gaol produced by Mr. , as recom-

mended by Lord Rochford; and from the short View he had of it, he imagined, as it was much more extended, it would undoubtedly cost much more than the Plan he produced — That he thought there could not be any great Difference between the Two Spots, with respect to Health; and added, that Experience had shewn the old Spot was very healthy — That the Gaol

Vol. 33.

being removed to the White Horse Inn, would be bringing it up to the principal Part of the Town, the Market Place.

Being cross-examined; he said, That the Nature of the Soil on the old Spot is a strong loomy Gravel, about Five or Six Feet deep from the Surface; and was of Opinion, it would not be necessary to pile for the Foundation of a Gaol there; for by giving proper'Footings to the Walls, he thought that Soil would be a very good Foundation; and added. That the Expence of making proper Footings was very inconsiderable — That he is not acquainted with the Soil at the White Horse Inn.

Being asked. Whether he was not one Time of Opinion, that some Piling would be necessary ? — he said. He had not had the Ground opened at first, therefore could not judge whether it would be necessary — but that having seen the Soil, he was always of Opinion, it would make a good Foundation without Piling — Thdt he was not present himself when it was opened, and had only Samples of the Earth, produced by the Person who dug it.

Being asked. Whether he saw this Spot after the Holes were opened ? — he said, He did not; and that if it was left entirely to him to build a Gaol in or about Chelmsford, he should prefer the old Spot.

Being asked. Whether the Stratum of loomy Gravel was observed by himself, or reported to him by those who bored it ? — he answered. By those who bored it; and that he had Samples of it brought by the same Person — and from this, he had made his Calculation of the Foundation, and the Propriety of building the Gaol there — That he did not taste the Water of the Spring he mentioned — That it was a Pump, but did not know bow deep the Spring lay that supplied it, nor what Quantity of Water that Well would bold — That he did not make any Observation how high, in Floods, the Water flowed from the River to the Gaol — That if the new Gaol was raised to a proper Height, It would not prevent the Facility of draining — And that he would raise it about Three or Four Feet — But that Three Feet worild be enough — And that he imagined, there would not be any Occasion to raise the new Gaol that Height at the White Horse, for the Sake of draining it — That to the best of his Opinion, the Surface Pf the present Gaol, from the Surface of the Water, when he surveyed it, was about Two Feet — That the Floor of the present Gaol is below the Highway; but that hfe could not pretend to say how many Feet, as he never considered the Level with respect to the Road; neither did he dig, bore, or try, the Ground at the White Horse Inn, which is very near the Conduit at ’, and

may be easily supplied with Water from thence — That it will be proper to build the Gaol with Bricks — That he does not know the exact Price, but has heard they are 2 2 s.a Thousand; and does not know the Price of Cartage — And that, if there should be Brick Earth found at the White Horse Inn, so as to make a sufficient Quantity of Bricks to build a new1 Gaol, it would certainly be a great Saving.

Being asked, What Grounds were necessary to add to the old Gaol, foas to make it convenient? — ire answered,

Pocklingtons, W ade\xTabram\i and Sir William Mild-

may‘s — but could not recollect what those Grounds were to cost — That he believed, he estimated the Value of the Grounds that were to be purchased to make that Gaol commodious, but did not recollect the Sum.

And being asked, Whether, as an Architect employing proper Persons to bore the Holts, he did not ufu-alfy determine upon the Foundation from the Report of the People fb employed, and a View of the several Stratums ? — he replied. That in futh a Cafe, where be could not go himself he judged upon Samples; and added, That the Ground wa6dug — That the Hamlet of Moulsham is very near as long as Chelmsford —

5 E that

Eflrtc

Gaol and Shirehotrfe.

Mac Gaol iU

Shirehouse.

58a 6° Mai't

that the Road between the Houses and the Gao!, at Moulfham, is considerably narrower than in the Town of Chelmsford, from the Bridge, to the White Inn

— That he did not, during the Course of his Surveys, and Stay in the Town of M, hear any Person complain, that the Gaol, so situated, was obnoxious to any one Person in Moulfham.

Being asked, Whether the Situation of the old Gaol did not Hand nearer to the Highway, leading from London to Harwich, and other Places, to the Eastern Coun-

ties, than the new Gaol would do to the Market Place at Chelmsford ? — he said, That the Front of the old Gaol is close to the Road as can be; and he never heard that any Passenger, by Coach or otherwise, suffered from the Situation of that Gaol — That the Road by the White Horse Inn, where the new Gaol is applied for, is not a Place of any Traffick — he said. He could not possibly judge; that in his Plan for building a new Gaol near the old Spot, he always intended to carry it about Forty Feet farther back from the Road — That the Reason why he did not attend to the Difference of Level, between the Gaol and the Road, leading through Moulfham to , was, that he

did not apprehend the Level of the Road was of any Consequence in his Survey, because the Gaol being set back at a Distance from the Road, it never occurred to him, that it was necessary; and did not fee, that the Difference between the Level of the Road aforementioned, and the Level of the Gaol, removed Forty Feet back pursuant to his Plan, would be material at all — That he thought a Brick Kiln, made so near the Town as the White Horse Inn, would be a Nuisance — That the White Horse Inn is certainly a Place of great Resort, at the Fairs, Assizes, and all other public Meetings of the County.

Being asked, Upon what Information he formed his Judgment of the Foundation? — he said. Upon the Information of Mr. Baldwyn, who had a Share in -his Business.

And being asked. Whether he formed his Estimate of the Value of the Bricks, from the Information of Mr. Baldzvyn ? — he said. He informed himself at

Chelmsford — That if the Water is diverted from the Conduit, sufficient to supply the Uses of the Gaol, he apprehends, the Inhabitants of the Town will not be put to very great Inconveniences.

Mr. Robert Baldwyn, a Surveyor and Architect, being examined, said. That he had been concerned in building the Earl of Egremont's, the Earl of the Duke

of York's, and the Earl of Leicester'% Houses, and many other Things of less Consequence — That he had like-wife been Deputy Surveyor of Black Friars Bridge — and that he was concerned, and had the ordering all the Foundations of the Piers and Abutments of that Bridge, except One of the middle Piers, that was built before he had any Concern with the Bridge.

Being *fked, Whether he at any Time engaged with Mr. Dance ? — he answered, Yes, next June will be Three Years — That since he engaged with him, he had been concerned in every Building Mr. Dance had been engaged in — That he was now engaged in building Newgate — That he knows Chelmsford — That the First Time he went there was the 18th of February 1769, when he went down with Mr. Dance, to survey several Spots of Ground, in order to fee which was pro-pereft for eretting a Gaol on — That the Places he then viewed, were The Swan, The Dolphin, Mr. s.

The Bell, Two Fields belonging to Mr. and an Orchard opposite the Workhouse — That he likewise looked at the White Horse Premises, but was acquainted they were not to be purchased; the Gentleman to whom they belonged being not of Age, and therefore took but a very flight Survey of them-r-That, ;upon that Survey, he never drew up any Report.

Being asked, Whether he was at any Time examined, touching the Opinion he formed upon that Survey ? — he said. Yes, about Midsummer 1769, at the Quarter Sessions; and was asked several Questions by most of the Gentlemen then on the Bench.

Being asked. Whether he was examined as to the Propriety of the Situation of the present Gaol ? — he said. He believed the Whole of the Questions then asked him, were entirely confined to that and nothing else; and was of Opinion, that, with the Purchases of Grounds and Houses adjoining the old Gaol, it would be preferable to any of the other Places he had been shewn — That since that Time, he had taken a particular Survey of the Scite of the Whi Horse Inn, and of the Scite of the present Gaol — had made different Plans; One with only purchasing the Premises belonging to the Executors of Mr. Pocklington — The other Two Designs comprehend purchasing Mr. s, Mr.

Wade's, Mr. Ricket's, and Sir William Premises, as well as those of Mr. — and that

he apprehended either of the Three Designs sufficient for a County Gaol for Essex.

He then produced to your Committee Three Plans.

And being shewn One of them, and asked, Whether, in the executing that Plan, he proposed building and finishing the new Gaol before he meddled with the old one, or in what Way he proposed to execute it ? — he said, He intended to build that Part of the Gaol intended to be inhabited by the Keeper, the Wards for the Felons, the Wards for the Debtors, and to have inclosed both the Felons and Debtors Courts — That there would then remain the Debtors Hall, One of the Debtors Wards, Two Staircases, and the , Turnkey’s Room, unbuilt — That, when the Two Courts, and Wards for Felons and Debtors, were built, and fit to be inhabited, after the Prisoners in the present Gaol were removed into that of the new one, he then intended to take down the present Gaol, together with the Houses in Front next the Road, and make use of the Materials in the remaining Part of the Building unbuilt.

And being asked. What would be the Expence of the Gaol, built by that Plan, with the Purchases necessary to be made for that Purpose, taking in the Advantage or Value of what the old Materials used or sold would amount to ? — he said, Supposing the Building to have Stone Fronts next the Road and River, it would then cost about £. 8,740, including the Purchases; which

Purchases would amount to the Sum of 539. 8 besides the Gratuity for quitting a Lease, which he imagines will be 15 or £. 16 — That a Gaol built in the Manner he now represented would hold from 30 to 40 Felons; and might, upon an Emergency, hold 10 more — That it will hold also from 50 to 60 Debtors; and may be extended to hold 60 Felons.

Being asked, Whether he had considered the Exten-fion of the Plan for that Purpose ? — he said. He had considered a larger Plan of a Gaol, supposing it to be built One Story in Height only, by which Means the Areas or Courts of the Gaol would admit to be larger than those of a Gaol of Two Stories in Height: Which he produced to your Committee.

And being asked, Whether this Plan would require more Purchases ? — he said, None, except that Piece of Sir William Mildmay's, which was necessiiry to be taken in in this Plan, but might be omitted in the others.

Being asked, What would be the Difference of the Felons Wards, between this and the Plan N° 2, as to the Numbers they would hold ? — he said. There is One Ward more, and Nine Cells — and that this will hold Threescore Felons, or more: That the Expence of executing this Pian, including Purchases, will be about £. 9,670.

Being asked, Whether he could find any Man, or Set of Men, able to execute those Plans, and who would undertake it at the Expence he had calculated, giving

proper

11 Geo. III.

6° M

proper Security to the County for the Completion of it ? was at the East, as it would drive the Smell ilito the — he said, It was a Question he was no ways prepared to Market Place.

answer, as it was not a common Manner of having Being asked. Whether he had formed any Calculation public Business done; for before any Works of this Sort of the Expence of executing Mr. s Plan for a

are carried into Execution, a Particular describing the Gaol? — he said. He had formed a rough Calculation; Manner in which every Kind of the Work is to be done, but not knowing in what Manner Mr. s Plan was

but not common on the first producing of a Plan — intended to be executed, he could form that Calculation That he believed, when thel'e Matters were thewn and from no other Principle than comparing it with his own — explained, a Man might be found who would undertake That upon such Ground of Calculation, the Difference it for the Sums propol'ed, and something less; though between the Expence of his Plan of the Gaol, N° 3, and

Essex Gaol and Shirehoofe.

he could not point out what People were fond of engaging in a public Work at a less Charge than private Works are done in general.

Being asked. What the Plan, N° 1. differed in from N* 2 ? — belaid. It was narrower in Front; because in that Plan he avoided, as much as possible, the Expence of purchasing Grounds, to be added to the old Gaol Premises.

And being asked. What it differed from N° 3. in ? — he laid. In the whole; N° 3. being intended to be built upon a Ground Floor only, excepting the Keeper’s House, and Rooms intended for a better Kind of Debtors, who board in the House with the Keeper- — And that it was calculated to contain as many Felons and Debtors as that of N° 2; which was from 30 to 40 Felons, and from 50 to 60 Debtors.

Being asked. What would be the Expence of the Plan NJ 1 ? — he laid, About 7,240 — That in public

Works, where publicly contracted for, he has known a Difference between the Estimates of a Thousand Poynds in Four; and therefore it was impossible for any Surveyor to be certain what Workmen might undertake Business at.

And being asked. Whether, supposing the Architect or Surveyor who forms a Plan, is himself to make the Contrails, will not his Estimate and the Expence nearly correspond ? — he said. It does l'o in general, but it is not certain — That he had examined the Nature of the several Soils, on the Spots upon which these Plans were to be executed — That he had them dug — That Five Foot One was thedeepeft, and Three Foot Six the shall oweft — And that he dug deep enough fully to examine the Soil as to the intended Foundations.

Being asked, If that Scite was proper, and equal to the Foundation of a Gaol ? — he said, It was; and that he should propose to furnish that Gaol with Water by Pumps — And that upon opening the Ground, at all the different Places he examined for a Foundation, he found Water; which shewed there were Springs all over the Premises, and upon sinking a proper Depth, Water might be had — That he should apprehend there is Water proper for drinking, from a Pump which stands in Mr.

Pocklington'% Premises — That the River, by the Scite of thepresent Gao), is 50 Feet wide, and 8 or 10 deep; and that there is a Mill upon it, about a Quarter of a Mile below the Bridge: — That he apprehends the Scite of the River would be an Advantage to the Gaol in draining, and of great Service in respect of a free and good Air: — That he had examined the Situation of the

WhiteHcrJe Inn Twice; the First Time was the 16th of last November, and the other the 16th of last February; and that he had seen Mr. Hs Plans before he made his last Examination.

Being asked his Opinion, as to the Convenience of the Situation of the White Horse Inn? — he laid, He imagined it to be situated too near the Market, and to be too much confined upon the North and South Sides; and that on the East Side the flat Meadows are marshy Land — That there is a. Pump upon the Premises, but

Mr. Hillyer's, would be about 7,000; his being 131

Square and an Half of Building, all which, except the Front, was intended to be only One Story in Height; Mr. Hillyer's Plan being upwards of 200 Squares of Building, greatest Part of it Two Stories high, and the Gaoler’s House Three Story High, exclusive of the high Wall that surrounded the aforesaid Design.

Being asked. Whether there were any more certain Method of making comparative Calculations of the Price of Building than by Squares ? — he said, That except be knew the Manner in which the Works were to be executed, it would be impossible for him to know, of a Certainty, another Man’s Intentions — That he apprehended, if the Gaol was built upon his Plan, N° 3, it would answer as well the Ends of a County Gaol as that proposed by Mr. Hillyer; and that the Front Line of his Gaol, by Plan N® 3, would be distant 58 Feet from the London Road; and that the Gaol proposed to be built on the Scite of the White Horse Inn will be or 45 Feet from the Shire House or Market.

Being asked, Whether, supposing the Floods to rife high enough to be on a Level with the Wicker Gate of the Press Yard, what Effect would such Floods have upon his intended Gaol, Plan N° 3 ? — he laid. The Floor of the Gaol would be Feet 10 Inches above the Water at that Time — And added, That if he was now to be asked his Opinion, which would be the properest Scite for a County Gaol at Chelmsford, supposing he might have any Situation there that he chole to build it on, he would chuse the old Spot, with the Premises intended to be added to it.

Being asked. Whether he had surveyed the Court Houses at Chelmsford ? — he said, He had — That he did not find there was any Thing absolutely necessary to be done, worthy the Name of a Repair — That he found but One small Bit of Timber, and that a Base Plate, which receives the Drippings of the Roof of the Building, and was a little decayed — That he had the Plaister-ing ripped off the Quartering immediately over it, and found not only the Oak, but likewise Fir, in a good Condition — That he had the Tiling ripped off several Places in the Roofs of the Building, and found the Rafters, Plates, and Other -Timbers, hard and found, and seemed not to him to be the least decayed — That he examined the Beams of the Cieling likewise, and found them in the same Condition — That he had a Hole broke through the Wainscotting in the Court, in

order to fee how the Timber was in that Partition; and found that found likewise — He then examined the Columns in Front, Six of whom had been pieced at the Bottom, and both the old and new Timber appeared to him entirely found.

Being asked, Whether it was usual, in surveying Buildings, to give an Opinion on the Condition of them merely by the Eye ? — he said. No; he never knew it done; or at least he never made a Survey in that Man-That he took the Admeasurement, and a Plan of

ner-

the Courts (which Plan he produced to your Committed) — That he had examined and measured the Court of did not know of what Utility it was, having never tried King’s Bench — That the Court at Chelmsford

it — And that he could not tell whether that single Pump is Twenty-three Feet Nine Inches wide, and Twenty-would be sufficient to answer the Purposes of a Gaol — - seven Feet Eight Inches in Length — That of the King’s That if Part of the Scite of the White Horse inn was to be Bench is about Twenty-nine Feet Square, to the Extent formed into a Brick Kiln, he apprehended it would be of the Bow — That the Court of King’s Bench is 829 a N uifance to the Town of Chelmsford, whilst the Kilns square Feet — and that at Chelmsford 636 Feet Inches were burning, and more particularly, so when the Wind — That the Difference is 192 Feet 8 Inches.

Ypi.. 33.

Being

Essex Gaol and Siurchouse.

384 6 Afaii.

Being asked, What was the Size of the Crown Court in Squares ? — he said, 637 square Feet.

Being asked, Whether the Court Houses could be rendered more convenient by any Means, for preventing the Noile, without pulling them down ? — he said. The Crown Court can, by being inclosed; and by that Means it was intended to be made Nine Feet Six Inches longer than it is at present, and will then be 351 square Feet larger than the Court of King’s Bench — That a Grand Jury Room may be added to the present Courts, without pulling them down; and by purchasing the Houses on the East Side the Crown Court, and Two little Houses at the Back of the Crown Court, there might be erected a Petty Jury Room, and Office of Records, a Bail-dock for Prisoners, or any other Offices of the like Kind, exclusive of a large County Room — That he had calculated the Expence of the Alienations he had mentioned, and apprehended the whole would not exceed £. 2,500, including the Purchases necessary- — That he had seen the Plans that Mr. had delivered in for building a npvv Shire House, and had made a rough Calculation of the Expence.

And being asked, What he apprehended, upon his rough Calculation, would be the Expence of the Plan delivered by Mr. Hillyer, exclusive of the Purchase ? — lie

laid. He imagined it could not be built for less than

£. 9,000, allowing £. 100 per Square; which he thought

,w’as as little as could possibly be allowed for a Building of that Kind — And that he did not know what Houses were necessary to be purchased for executing Mr. Hillyer's Plan.

Being asked, Whether the High Road, that runs by the Court Houses, could be enlarged without pulling down any Houses ? — rhesaid, it might, by purchasing Two little Sheds, which would enlarge that Opening sufficient for Two Carriages to pass each other.; and that the Width of it, when those Sheds were pulled down, would be, in the narrowest Part, 32 Feet.

Being asked, Whether there were not some, and what. Roads adjoining to the White Horse Inn ? — he said. There is a Road runs by the Front of it, but believed it was only a private one; and that he knew of no other — That he imagined a Gaol built dose to the Side of a Market would be looked upon as a great Nuisance.

Mr. James Payne, an Architect, being examined, said. That he knows the Town of , and had

.been there Twice for the Purpose of taking a Survey, to consider of a proper Spot for a Gaol; and bad examined the Bell Inn, the Brick Field, and the old Gaol, which completed his Survey at that Time, which was on the iotb of August 1769 — That since that, about a Fortnight ago, he went down and surveyed the White Horse Inn — That he had examined the Ground at the old Spot sufficiently to satisfy himself that a very good Foundation was to be obtained; and at about Feet deep under the present Surface he found a strong loomy Clay, impregnated with Gravel, which was very satisfactory to his Judgment, without examining deeper; and added. That upon some adjoining Premises, which he was told were intended to be purchased for the Purposes of enlarging the Spot, he found a very gopd Weil of Spring Water, which be tailed, and which appeared to him to be exceeding good; and said, That the Situation of the River was one of the great Reasons why he gave the Preference to that Situation, in a Letter to Sir William Mildmay, in October 1769 — and ,thnt his other Reasons

were, that he apprehended the other Situations he examined could not be so conveniently supplied with Water.

.Being asked his Opinion of the Propriety of the Scite of the White Horse Inn for 'building a Gaol on, when compared with that of the present Scite ? — he said, The White Horse Inn would want the Convenience of Drainage, width the other Situation, the old Spot, has; and that it was very near to the Court House, and to the 2

Market Place — Betides which, he always understood that it was more salutary for a Gaol to be at a Distance from the Court House, because it aired the Prisoners as they passed to Trial.

Being asked, Whether he thought a Gaol, situated where the White Horse Inn is, would be a great Annoyance to the Inhabitants who lived near it, and to the People who reforc to the Fairs and Markets ? — he said. He apprehended few Inhabitants would chule to have a Gaol near them — And with respect to the Market People, he thought it was pretty near the fame; for those who came to Market from the West End of the Town mull pass by the present Gaol — But the Situation of a Gaol near to a Market Place must polfefs the whole Market People with Apprehensions, if any Distemper should happen to be in the Gaol.

That he had seen some Plans in Print, and had examined them, by taking the gross Quantities of Buildings intendedto be creded by those Plans — And thought the Plan for the Gaol was incircled with high Walls, and narrow Passages, that might be inconvenient — That he had seen the Plans produced by Mr. Baldwyn for the old Spot, and thought there was no Comparison to be made — That he gave the Preference to that intended to be built upon the old Spot — -That he had calculated the Quantity of Squares of Building each Plan contained, and to the best of his Remembrance, the Quantities were as 5 to 2, or thereabouts — That the Plan he saw was N° 2.

And being asked, Whether the Expence of executing the Plan of the White Horse Inn, and N° 2, would be as 5 to 2 ? — he said, No; because a Part of that Plan is intended to contain Two Stories; but believed the Proportion of the Expence would he as Two to One — That he had seen a Calculation for executing the Plan N" 2, and was Satisfied respecting that Estimate — That to the best of his Memory that Estimate was about 9 or £.10,000, and had no Doubt but many People would engage to do it at that Price.

Being asked, Whether he apprehended it was pdffible to serve a Gaol with Water, upon the Scite of the Horse Inn, without taking Water from the public Conduit, or diverting the Stream of the Springs that supplied it ? — he said, He thought it 'would be difficult, and con-fcquen t ly (expensive.

That he had surveyed the Court Houses at Chelmsford very particularly, about 3 Weeks ago.

And being asked the Condition of their Repair ? — he said, Respecting the Stability, very good — That he examined the principal Timbers of the Roof very close-ly, found them to be Oak, and very found — That the Covering is but in moderate Repair, and wants new Ripping — That they appeared to him to be small; and thought would rather be noisy, from the Roads round it — That he thought it no way necessary to pull them down respecting the Strength of the Building; and apprehended they might be enlarged at a very moderate Expence, which, he said, would remove, in some Degree, the Inconvenience of the Noise, and enlarge them to a sufficient Size, by inclosing so much of the present Portico, to the first Intercolumniation; and that, inclosed with a Brick Wall, would answer the Purpose of excluding the Noise, and enlarging the Courts — That there are adjoining Buildings to the Court House, which from the Nature of their Building, cannot be very valuable, and if added to the present Court House, would make a sufficient Grand Jury Room, and a Place for the Records — That he had seen Two Plans for building a new Shire Hall, One in Print, and another <a Drawing; and had seen Mr. s Plan, which was

recommended to the Justices in Quarter Sessions, But never turned his Mind towards it, so as to form any Calculation of the Execution of it — That he had examined the Road from London to Bury, which runs by the present Court House, and believed it was about 16 Feet 8 Inches wide.

Being

11 Geo. III. 6* Mali.

Being asked, Whether that Road could dot be widened, by polling down tome Sheds, without pulling down any of the Houses ? — he said, He could not say whether those on the Left Hand Side were Shed6 or Dwelling Houses j but are Buildings of no great Value — That, without Doubt, the Road may be widened by taking down those Buildings, at a small Expence, re-Ipccting the Value of them.

On his Cross Examination, being asked, Whether he took the Level of the Ground from the White Horse Inn to the River below ? — He said. Not by any Instrument, but guefied it to be about 5 or 6 Feet; and did not examine whether there were Springs at the White Horse Inn or not.

Being asked, How long he had known,

or whether he ever knew it, before he went down in.

1769 ? — he said. He had passed through the Town at various Times, within the Space of 25. or 30 Years past, but made no Observations respecting those Matters.

Being asked, Whether, in 1769, he dug into

the Soil of the old Gaol, how often, and in what Parts, to find a good Foundation ? — he said, He believed there were Two or Three different Parts dug with a Spade, about Four Feet deep from the Surface, till he came to what, in his Opinion, was a good Foundation; and when he found that strong Loam, impregnated with Gravel, it satisfied him very sufficiently.

Being asked. Whether any Water rose in the Holes he dug ? — he said, Fie thought no Water could rife through so strong a Body as that Stratum was — That the Drainage oozing ftom the upper Ground covered that Stratum, and which was common to such low Ground — That he did not take the Level of the Water in the River then, to the Surface of the Ground he was digging, but believed the Surface of the River at that Time was below the Depth he dug to*

Being asked. Whether he tailed the Water that came into the Hole ? — he said. It was rather too foul to in-«Iine him to taste it.

Being asked, Whether he opened the Well, to try what Quantity of Water it would Contain? — he said, He did not measure either to the Surface or to the Depth of it.

Being asked, Whether he made fresh Experiments, by opening the Earth, or boring, at the last Time, about Three Weeks ago? — he said, There was a Hole dug in the Garden — That he did not measure the Depth of it, but tried with a Spade, till he met with Resistance sufficient to induce him to believe that he was at the same Stratum he had before funk to — That he did not take any of the Earth from the Bottom, to fee whether it was the same Stratum, the Hole being subject to the same Inconvenience it, was before, with Water — That there was about Two Feet Water in it.

Being asked, What Height the Level of the Floor of the Gaol is to be, according to Plan N° 2, from the Surface of the Earth? — he said, He did not remember, but appeared to him sufficient to keep it out of the Reach of Floods; for from the Surface of the Earth to the Gaol Floor, by the Plan N° 2, will be about Feet -r-That the Foundation will be about Feet below that Surface; and believed, by much the greatest Part of it would require no piling — That there might be some Parts that require it, but they were very fewin Number — ‘That he did not dig into the Premifts adjoining to the old Gaol, to try for the same Foundation ;, but was satisfied in his own Opinion, that the Foundation would be better, the farther it was removed from the River; and thinks the Ground is all upon the same Level, but never tried it with afi Instrument — That if a Gaol is built there, he thought it would be necessary to wharf the River, a Part of it being already done by the Wall of the old Gaol. — Being asked, In what Condition that was, as to Repair ? — he laid, As far as he could judge from an ocular View, it was in substantial

Vol. 33.

Repair, but it was irregular — That he never examined safer to know what Depth it was to the Foundation of that Gaol auk Wall, neither did he try the Bottom of the River, to' Sturehouse* knowwbat the Soil was.

Being asked, Whether he dug any of the Ground at the White Horse Inn, to try the Soil for a Foundation ?

— he said. He did not — That Mr. defined

him to view these Premises, the last Time, and to make a general Observatioa upon the whole — -Being asked,

Whether he knew, when he went to view, thele Spots, that it was with an Intention to give Evidence to the House of Commons concerning this Matter r- — he said.

He believed he should be examined.

And being asked, Why he would not be as accurate in his Search at the White Horse Inn, as he was at the old Spot, in trying the Spring and Nature of the Soil ?

- — he said. The last Time he was there was on a Sunday}* and thought it was rather improper to make more Buttle than was necessary on such a Day; and was very well satisfied, from the Appearance, that a Foundation might be as easily obtained — And had no Reason to believe; that the Foundation might be more easily obtained at the White Horse Inn.

'Being asked. Whether he did not inspect and view the Assize House, the Roof, the Rafters, and open it, on Purpose to look into it, on that — he said.

He did it in the privateft Manner he possibly could, by pulling out some of the Tiles with his own Hands; and that some Part was open before. — And being asked,

Whether he could not have examined the White Horse Inn Yard and Premises, as privately as he did the Assize House, on the Sunday ? — he said, No — because many People would follow him into the White Horse Inn, but few, would chuse to follow him up the Ladder at the Assize House — And he was very well satisfied, that by digging at the White Horse Inn, he should have found a Foundation for a Building, as safe as lie did at the old Gaol.

Being asked. Whether he knew any Gaol in England that was at that Distance from the Sessions House as that at Chelmsford ? — -he said. He thought he rerhe umbered one in Suffolk,.but did not know whether it was

an Old Gaol or a new one — That it would certainly be fafdr for keeping the Prisoners, to have an outer Wall to the Gaol; but, if there is an Outer , Wall to secure the Prisoners, there should also be a larger Space bc*-tween that Wall and the Gaol itself, than there appears to be by the printed Plan. — Being asked. What Width , the Paffagp within that Wall is upon, the plan ? — he said. It varies; that the narrowefl Part does not exceed 8 Feet, and the widest might run to 12 or 14, or thereabouts — That he did not know whether the Plan,\N° z, was, Mr, Baldivirisovto. planning and drawing, but-that he: had told him it was.

Being asked. Whether, if that Plan, N° a, and the Plan which he had fecn of Mr. s, could be built

for equal Sums, considering the Size of Mr*

Plan, and the Convenieneies of each, which Wdufothen be the most preferable, in his Opinion ? — he ;defit«d to be excused from answering the Quelliori.

And being asked. If a Distemper thoukl be:in the Gaol, and: the Prisoners were so to be, carried T»*ice up and ddwn to the Assize House, whether it would not be more dangerous to communicate that, DistempOr to the People ait the Assizes, and to the Town, than if Two Prisoners were brought at a Time to the Assize House? — lie said. He coUld not help thinking, that by their passing through so great a Space»f Air* it would be safer than to come immediately out of a Gaol —

That he has no Reason to think , the Well,' the Water of which he tailed, is at any Time dry x And, if it was never dry* it would'; be sufficient for the Use of the Prison for drinking Water — That he had uO Doubt but many Wells might be funk, any where on the Premises; upon or near the Grounds, adjoining the old I, if necessary, and drinking Water found in those 5 F Wells *

6b Mail. 1771.

ESex Wells; and Would venture, upon his Credit and Repu*

tat, on " an Architect, to advise the building of a Sureboofe. on an(j near the Scite of the old Gaol, in Pre-

ference to any of the other Spots he had surveyed, on Account of the Situation of the River, and for no other Reason; the Foundation of one being as good as the other.

Being asked, Whether, supposing that this, which is now called a River, should be stagnated Water in Summer, and that there was not found Water, within the described Premises, sufficient and wholesome for the Prisoners to drink, he would not instantly relinquish this Place for some other ? — he said. That if wholesome Water should not be found in those Wells, it would be a very great Inducement for him to remove to a Spot where wholesome Water could be found — and added, that if it was stagnated, it would be of Use and Security to prevent an Escape of the Prisoners, but not so wholesome to the Gaol as a running Water.

Being asked. Whether he examined the White Horse Inn? — he said. He did, as far as he thought necessary; but did not examine particularly, whether there were any Springs there — That he remembered to have seen a Well, but could not charge his Memory whereabout it flood; and had no poubt but there were Springs.

Being asked. Why he did not examine particularly whether there were Springs at the White Horse ? — he said, He had no Doubt but there are Springs, equally good with those of the Situation of the old Gaol — And, being asked, Whether he formed any Calculation of the Expence of procuring Water to a Gaol built at the White Horse ? he said. No — That he took it for granted Water must be brought to the Gaol; and which null either be taken from the Conduit, or raised by Pumps.

Being asked. Which would be attended with the lead Expence, procuring Water at the White Horse, or at the old Spot ? — he said, If to be raised by Pumps; it would be equal, or nearly so — but the Advantages at the old Spot, arise from a Power of working a Wheel by the Stream, for the common Uses of the Gaol; that the Water used for drinking must be Spring Water — And that furnishing the Gaol, proposed to be built at the White Horse Inn, with Water from a Well or Wells to be funk for that Purpose, will be attended with no further Inconveniencies, than that of the Pumps and Machines for raising it, and the Expence attending those Machines; and thought, that sinking a Well or Wells on the White Horse Premises, would not draw off the Water that supplies the Town from the Conduit — That he believed, the Water in the Ditches, on the White Horse Premises, is stagnate Water — And being asked, Whether he made any Examination relative thereto? — he said, He did not try with any Instrument, but was convinced from the View he took; that being stagnate Water would make it difficult to drain a Gaol; and that the White Horse Premises, in Part, are surrounded with Ditches of such stagnate Water; and believed the Grounds, on the Back of the White Hoifc Premises, were low swampy Grounds; and should not thufe to erect a Gaol on such swampy Ground.

Being asked. Whether he apprehended the Health of the Prisoners would be affected, if the Gaol was built on the swampy Ground above mentioned ? — he replied. No swampy Ground one would chuse to build upon — And being asked. Whether he apprehended any Part of the Premises at the White Horse, intended to be purchased by the County, for the Purpose of building a Gaol, was swampy Ground ? — he said, He could not speak particularly as to that.

That he recolledted, there were Two Springs of good Water on the Premises, in and adjoining to the old Gaol; but only attended particularly to One of them, because he was satisfied, in his own Opinion, that that One Spring would supply any Gaol with a fuf-

ficient Quantity of drinking Water for the Prisoners — That he conceived the Water for common Purposes would be best raised by a small Wheel, which, in case of Fire in the Gaol, might be set to work, and raise Water easily for extinguishing it; which is a Convenience the Other Situation does not admit of.

Being asked, Whether, immediately on the digging a Hole, he found Water at the Bottom; or, whether it Oozed through after it was dug ? — he said, He did not recoiled it oozed through upon the digging — and added, That the Two Feet Depth of Water, in the Hole Feet deep, oozed through the Sides; which was common in wet Seasons.

Being asked, Whether, supposing the Water of the River Can, which runs by the Gaol, should overflow to the Surface of the present Gaol, might not that Inconvenience be easily remedied in building the new Gaol, and how ? — he said, He apprehended it was intended to be remedied by railing the Surface of the intended new Gaol, and which would be highly necessary, in order to make the Foundation of the Walls sufficiently below the Surface, for a Security to prevent the Prisoners from Tapping underneath them, and thereby make their Escape; that it may ealily be done, and at a very trifling Expence, because the Rubbish arising from the old Buildings, and in consequence of the new one, will be deposited of Course upon the said Premises.

Being asked, Why he thought the Foundation would be better, the farther it was distant from the River? he said, It was common for the Banks of Rivers, in such low Situations, to be moorish; but did not know that this was so — And, however that might be, the removing of it farther back, would be most likely to be firmer Ground.

Being asked, Whether he examined the Difference of Level of the Road in the Front of the Gaol, and the Floor of the Gaol ? — he said. Not with a Level; but thought the Floor of the Gaol was below the Rbad; and his Reason for not examining it with a Level was, believing the Architect, or Builders would wish of course to raise the Surface of the Ground, for the Conveniencies before pointed at, of depositing the Rubbish upon the Premises, and effectually raising the Gaol out of the Reach of Floods: And added. That the Front of the present Gaol is close to the Road.

Being asked, What Distance the Front of the Gaol, intended so be built, would be from the Road above mentioned ? he said, He could not charge his Memory to the Particulars of the Distance; but believed there was intended to be a very good Area or Court before the intended Gaol — And being asked, Whether, if a proper Space is left between the present Road and the Front of the intended Gaol, the Difference of Level between the Road and the Floor of the Gaol wiil be of any Consequence ? — "-he said. It would be of great Consequence to keep the Floor of the Gaol above the Road; which he apprehended was intended.

Being asked; Whether the Wards of the new: Gaol may not be built, before the old Wards are pulled down ? — he said, He apprehended, by a printed Plan he had seen, that a Part of the Wards are intended to be built' before the old-Gaol is pulled down — And added, That if a Gaol is built on the old Spot,-on the Plan proposed, there Will be very sufficient Space of Ground, Air, and Water, so as to render the Prison wholesome. ;:

Being asked. Whether any Part of the White Horse Inn is surrounded by Buildings,'and what1 Part ? — hi said, There are Two Sides bounded with Buildings — And being asked. Whether those Buildings would not be an Obstruction, or prevent the free Circulation of Air? — he said, He apprehended that Part of it next the Town was intended to be taken down, which'was the ' ‘ Inn

11 Geo. III. 6° Mail387

Inn itself; and that the other Side would obstruct in Part the free Circulation of Air, which he apprehended might be detrimental to the Health of the Prisoners — And that he did not know an Instance of any Gaol, (landing out of a Town, being removed into the Midst of a Town.

Being asked, Whether, upon his Inspection of the Court House, he found any of the Side Timbers open and decayed ? — he laid, He found Part of a Plate, at the Back of the Court House, that W3S decayed a little, but not so as to induce him, on his Judgment, to think the Building was in a State which required the same to be taken down.

Mr. Thomas Yeomans, an Engineer, being examined, said. That in the Year 176a, he surveyed the River Chelmer, in order to its being made Navigable; and that it is a running Stream.

Being asked. Whether a River does not flow by the present Gaol ? — he said, Yes, and is called the Can — That it makes a Junction with the Chelmer a little below the Town, before it comes to Moulsham Mill — And being asked, Whether there are any Mills, either on the River Can or Chelmer, near the Gaol ? — he said. Yes; that he was not much acquainted with the whole Course of the Can, but knew more of the Chelmer — That there

are a great many Mills upon the before it

comes to Chelmsford — but did not know, whether there was more than One upon the Can — And that these Rivers mud of Necessity be running Streams for the Working of these Mills.

Being asked. To what Height the River rises next adjoining to the Gaol ? — he said, Moulsham Mill pens up under that Bridge, by and above the Gaol — "but the exact Height he did not know — That he did not remember what the Fall was at Moulsham Mill, but thought it could not be Iefs than Six Feet — And said. That he never was in the Gaol.

Being asked, Whether the Circumstance of such a River flowing by the Gaol, is not of any, and what Utility, in respect to cleansing the Gaol, and making it wholesome, in any and what Degree, and supplying it with Water ? — he said. That in general, where there is a living Stream or flowing Water, it is looked upon as a wholesome Situation — That the River Can, which flows by the Gaol, when in Motion, must be attended with the same Conveniences he had before referred to, and supplying it with Water — And that, in his Opinion, it would contribute to the Health of the Prisoners; for when the Water was in Motion, it would be a Means of preventing Stagnation of the Air — And believed the Width of this River, by the Side of the Gaol, to be about 30 Feet.

Being cross-examined, he said, That no Part of the River Chelmer runs near the Gaol; and that, at the Time he l'urveyed the River Chelmer for a Navigation, he did not l'urvey the River Can — That Moulsham Mill is supplied by the Chelmer and the Can.

Being asked. What Supply the Chelmer would give alone to Moulsham Mill to work ? — he said. He did not know in what Proportion, but considerably more than the other — And being asked. Whether he believed it was Five or Ten Times more than the Can ? — he said. It is very different at different Times in the Year — in Summer Time, Moulsham Mill has the greatest Dependance upon the Chelmer, but in what Proportion he could not say — That in a dry Summer, there is but little Water runs down the Can.

Being asked. What Height Moulsham Mill penned the Water, to work the Mill at Times ? — he said. He did not know the Construction of that Mill; but apprehended, that that did not draw the Jdead down above a Foot in dry Seasons, before they shut down for Water — That he was obliged to attend to this Circumstance, at the Time he took his Survey — That the Mill he mentioned was placed on the Can, a,t or near JVriltle, above the Bridge.

VOL. 33.

Being asked. What Bridge he meant, when he said, the Water of Moulsham Mill was penned up under the Bridge ? — he said. The Bridge in Chelmsford Town; and believed it is called Moulsham Bridge — That it is very near the Gaol, and believed it joined to it.

Being asked. What he meant by the Words, " when " the Can is in Motion?" he answered, I mean in Summer Time, when Moulsham Mill is drawn; or in Winter, when the Land Waters come down.

Being asked, Whether the River Can is at any Time ffagnate Water he said, When Moulsham Mill is drawn, this canrtot be called stagnate Water in the driest Season — But when Moulsham Mill is (hut down in the driest Seasons it is a Hill Water, and so is the Chelmer too- — And being again asked, Whether the River Can is at any Time stagnate Water ? — he said, The River Can is at rest in dry Weather — and added. That in Summer Time there is a final] Stream in the Can, when the Mill above it is drawn — Being asked, Whether there is any Stream when the Mill is not drawn above it ? — he said. As he never was up the Stream, he could not particularly speak to that; but Mills seldom shut down so close, but there is some Water loft, and consequently that mull come down? — being asked. Whether he conceived that to be a stagnate Water, where Water comes down? he said. No — And being asked, Whether that Water, so coming down, does not occasion a continual Stream ? — he laid. He apprehended, when Moul~ sham Mill is shut down waiting for a Head, the Leakage of the Mill above would not produce a Stream in the Body of the Water, between Moulsham Mill and lo far as it penned — But that, when Moulsham Mill is drawn, the Leakage at IVrittle Mill will contribute in its Proportion to the general Flow of the Water towards Moulsham Mill — Being asked, Whether it occasioned any Stream? — he said. Yes, till it comes into the Body of the Water that is penned up — That he could not particularly say how often Moulsham Mill was let down in Four-and-twenty Hours; that he apprehended they worked every Day in Summer, but could not tell how long.

Being asked, whether he conceived that Moulsham Mill was let down more than Once in Four-and-twenty Hours ? — he said. He did not know — neither did he know that IVrittle Mill does not work in Summer. '

And being asked, Whether a Mill would be placed upon the River Can, if there was not Water sufficient to work it in Summer? — he answered, One would reasonably think not.

Being asked. At what Distance the River Chelmer run from the Gaol ? — he said. Within 220 Yards — that the

Can joins the Chelmer below the Bridge, within a Furlong of the Bridge.

Being asked. Whether he conceived, if the Can was stagnate Water in Summer, it would be an unwholesome Place for the Building a Gaol ? — he laid, He had given his Opinion before, that the Can by the Gaol was not a stagnate Water — and that, if the Can was a Hill Water in Summer, he should think the Spot adjoining would to be unwholesome to build a Gaol on; and that he never heard of a Gaol, built at the End of a Town, removed into the Midst of it.

Being asked. Whether he knew Maidstone Gaol ? — -. he said, Yes — And being asked. Whether he did not know that, on the Rebuilding that Gaol, it was removed to a different Scite from that whereon it Hood before ? — he said, No — he did not know,

when the present Gaol was built — That it now Hands in a Street that lhoots down into the Market Place, and believes it to be 150 Yards from thence — That its Front is in a Street, and the Back Part of it opens towards Gardens.

Mr. Nicholas Holmes, a Builder, being examined, laid, That he has known Chelmsford above these Forty Years, and has lived there about 25 Years, and lives opposite

to

Effete Gaol and Shirehouse.

6° Matt. ^1771.

Essex Gaol and Shirehbofe.

to the present Goal, on the other Side of the River — That he was concerned in building the House of Correction, and has been employed in repairing the County Gaol at Chelmsford for these 25 Years, and is therefore well acquainted with the Situation of the Gaol — That he knows the Grounds and Premises adjoining the Scite of the present Gaol, proposed to be laid to it for erecting anew Gaol thereon.

Being asked. Whether the said Grounds and Premises have been proposed to be sold by the Proprietors, and at what Price? he said, Yes — Sir William Mildmay's, at£. 40 — Mr. Tabram's, 160 Guineas — Mr. s,

£ 25 — Mr. Wade's, 140 Guineas — Mr. Bridge's (late

Pocklington's) £. 350 — That he is well acquainted with the Foundation and Scite of the present Gaol, and has very often made Observations relating to that Foundation: that he could not say how often, but believed. Four or Five Times; that the (frfl Time was about 3 Years ago. and the last about Three Weeks.

Beingafked, In what Way he found the Foundation? — he said. It was very good lor a Foundation, at y Feet and a Half or Feet deep — That it is a Mixture of Gravel in Ioomy Soil, a tlrong Body of Earth; and conceived it to be a Foundation proper to build a Gaol on — That he tried it by digging in Five or Six Places; and, to the bed of his Judgment, he thinks there must be several Springs there, as there are several about a Couple of Hod trom the Out side of the Gaol; and that lie speaks from his own Knowledge.

Being asked. Whether he searched for any Springs in the Grounds intended to be purchased ? — he laid, Fie did not, because there are Two Wells in those Grounds 8 or io Feet deep, of good Water, and that he measured the Depth of One of them — That the First rs in Mr. Bridge's (late Pocklington's) 8 Feet and a Half deep of very good Water — The other Pump is in Mr. Picket's Ground — That he tailed the Water Once ot Twice, and, in his Opinion, it was very good — And added, That the First of the Wells above described will supply a sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Water, for the Use of a Gaol.

Being asked. Whether, if a Gaol was built on those Premises there would be a sufficient Space of Ground, Air, and Water, to render the Prison wholesome ? — he laid, Yes, as any in Chelmsford, or about it — That the River Can runs by the Gaol — That it is 54 Feet wide, and from Six to Ten Feet deep, in common.

Being asked. If this, which he calls a River, is stagnate Water at any Time of the Year? he said, No — That it is of Ulb to the Gaol, to take off all Excrement, Filth, &V. and thinks it healthful and airy — That he remembers a Fire which happened about Two Years ago, and that the extinguishing that Fire was entirely owing to the River being so close to the Gaol.

Being asked, Whether lie had been employed by the Justices to lurvcy any, and what. Places, for erecting a Gaol on? — he said, Yes — The old Spot — The —

The Ground where Mr. Ram lives — The Dolphin — Mr.

Leapingzvell's Ground — Mr. Crush's — The Bell — Mr. IVa/Unger's Two Fields — Mr. s — Field —

Mrs. Fieeman's- — and the WhiInn.

Being asked. Whether there were any, and what. Mills upon the Can ? — he said, H knew of but One, winch is called iV'. it tie Mill, and that it works in Summer — And

being asked. Whether he apprehended that Mill could frork without a cotillant Stream to supply it ? — he said, No, he did not think it could without Water — That it did not work so often in Summer as in Winter, and believed it worked every Day in Summer — That there arc several Streams which fail into the- above

Writlle Mill, and below', between the Mill and fuirn Bridge, but could not name them — Being asked, What Mills were below MbHlJham Bridge ? — he laid. Otic just below the Bridge, which is supplied with Water by the River Chelmer, great Part of it. and the 2

River Can, and works constantly in Summer — That he could not say how often in 24 Hours, but is certain fe-Vefal Times.

Being asked, At what Distance from Bridge

the Can and Chelmer unite ? lie laid. He apprehended about 200 Feet, but never measured.

And being asked, Whether he attended the Justices, to report his Opinion on those Places; and which he then gave the Preference to, for building a Gaol on ? — he laid, He attended the Justices at several Committees, but not at the Sessions; and never preferred any other Place than the old Spot — That he had drawn a Plan for the Erection of a Gaol at the old Spot (which he produced to your Committee.)

Being asked, by whose Order he drew that Plan ? — he answered, By several of the Justices at the Commitree — And being asked. Whether his Plan could be executed at the old Spot, by building any, and what, Part of the new Gaol before the old one was totally pulled down? — he said. Yes — the Turnkeys Apartment — the Debtors Apartment — and the Felons Apartment; and that the Keeper’s Apartment might Hand, while the other was built — That the Expence will be about £. 9,200, excinfive of Purchases.

Being asked, Whether he had seen any, and what. Plan for building a Gaol at the White Horse — he said. He had just seen the Plan, and if he could fee it again, he should be able to form an Opinion upon it — And being shewn the Plan, and asked. Whet lief, fresh what he had leen of it, he was able to form any Opinion with respect to the Convenience and Inconvenience thereof? — he said. There are some Inconveniences that attend it — The Passage that goes round the 0801 is too' fm..!l — it goes down a narrow Lane to the Entrance; and should say no further about it — That he thought the Situation, whereon that Plan is proposed to be executed, a very bad Place, being housed in lb-much; that it is a flat Place, and no Draught for draining the Filth froni it — That he did not think there were any Springs on that Ground to supply a Gaol with Water; but said. There was a Well, which he did not conceive sufficient to supply a Gaol with Water — And added. That that Ground was bounded on the North and 9outh Sides by Ditches filled with stagnate Water, which are the Recess for Filth from several Houses and Stables: and did not think they could be easily drained, by reason the River Chelmer was so high in the Meadow — That he could not say he knew the Difference of Level, between the Surface of the River Chelmer and the Water in the Ditches above-mentioned, having never tried them, but took it to be much about the fame.

Being asked his Opinion, as to the Expence a Gaol, according to the Plan of Mr. Hillyer, on the White Horse- Premises, exclusive of Purchases ? he said, He did not know.

And being asked, Whether a Gaol built on the White Horse Premises, on the Plan given in by him, would be more expensive than if built on the old Spot ? — belaid, His Plan could not be built on the White Hotfe Spot.

That he did not think the Foundation of the pfteftnt Gaol, and the adjoining Premises, would require any* piling in order to secure it; but said. There might be A Place or two that would want Ten or Twenty Pllesi in the whole — That he did not think it Would be fie-’ Ci liary to have any Wbarfing to secure the Foundation of the new Gaol next the River — That he apprehended, rive River Can was a Security against Escapes of P?l«' loiters from the Gaol; and said. There is a Boat kept at the Gaol, at the County Expence, to take out and' break the Ice in the Winter, whefi the River is froite, all the Way up by the Side of the Gaol; which is constantly done every Day in the Frost j and apprehends, it is done, in case the Prisoners should break out, to-prevent their getting over the River — That he would

undertake

11 Geo. III. 6° Mail 3 »9

i -

undertake to execute his Plan At the old Spot for ,£.9,200; and thinks the Premises adjoining the old Gaol are worth about £.650.

Being asked, How near a Gaol, built at the

Horse Inn, would be to the Market Place and C^urt Houses ? — he said, The Market joins up to the White Hor/e Inn, and the Court Houses are about 42 Feet from it; and thinks a Gaol in that Situation will be a very greit Nuisanceto the Inhabitants of the Town, and an Injury to them, by alarming the Country People and others, who relbrt to the Market; because he has heard Abundance of Farmers say, that if any Distei viper should be in the <5aol, they would not come to the Town — That the Market of Chelmsford is the chief Support of the trading Part of the Inhabitants; tlr.it they have no Manufactory; and if they lose the Marker, it wiH ruin them.

Being a Iked, What was the Distance of the White Horse Premises from the River Chelmer behind it ? — he said, 7.90 Feet from the Bowling Green, being the Extremity of the White Premises; that the

Ground between the said Bowling Green and the River is a dead Flat; and thinks, if a Gaol is built at the White Hcrfe Premises, and supplied with Water from the Conduit at Chetm^tord, it will injure the Inhabitants very much — And being asked, in what Respect ? — -he said. There is a middle Kow of Houses; that tire Water runs through the Yards and Vaults which cleanses and sweetens them; and like wife in case of Fire in the Town — That he never heard any Complaints from the Inhabitants of the Town, on Account of die Prisoners being carried through the Town at the Allizes, to the Courts; nor ever heard of any Disease being communicated to the Town, by the Prisoners being earned through the Town from the Gaol to the Courts.

On his Cross-Examination, being asked, Whether lie ever declared to' Mr. Strutt and Mr. , or either

of them, that the Foundation of the old Gaol was bad, or attended with Inconveniences ? — he said. He did not Jcnow that he efid.

Being asked. How far the Houses on the opposite Side of the Road are distant from the Front of the present Gaol ? — he said. About 20 or 2 r Feet, the narrowed Part; but that other Parts are wider — That he never heard of the Inhabitants of those Houses, or any other Houses, near or adjoining to the present Gaol, receiving any Infection, or other Inconvenience, from the Gaol being situated so near — And that the great Road from London to Handch runs betwixt the present Gaol and those Houses.

Being asked. Whether he had any, and what, Reason to suppose, that the Inhabitants near to the White Horse Inn would receive any more Infedlion, or Inconvenience, from a Gaol being built there, than the Inhabitants near or adjoining to the present Gaol? — he said, Yes; because, if any Distemper should happen there, there is not the River to take off Excrement and Filth, as at the old Place; neither is it the fine airy Place that the old Spot is.

Being asked, Whether the Ground at the White Horse is not higher than the Ground at the old Spot ? — he said, A little Bit of it next the Market is, but he never took the Level of that Ground — That the Water from the Conduit runs down the Street; and that that Street leads towards the Bridge, but is a great Distance from it — And said. That the Plan he produced, was drawn about a Fortnight or Three Weeks ago, or lets.

Being asked. Whether, supposing the same Quantity of Water to flow from the Conduit, through the Town, as it now does, would any Inconvenience then arise to the Inhabitants, from an additional Quantity of Water being conveyed by Means of the Conduit, for the Supply of a Gaol at the White Horse ? — he said. No, lie did not think it would — That he lives opposite the Gaol — That the Gaol is on one Side of the River, and lie lives on the other; and that he built the House at his own Expence — That he remembered the Red Lyon Inn being adjoining his Premises opposite the Gaol;

VOL. 33.

and that it was much frequented by the Gentlemen of the County, at public Entertainments and Meetings — That opposite to that, there was another great Inn, called the Cock and Coach, much frequented by the Gentlemen of the County; and never heard of any Gentleman, Farmer, or Traveller, leavi. g either of those Inns, because they flood near to the old Gaol — That the Judges Lodgings, at the Assizes, are where the lpfwich Arms was, near the Cock and Coach; and never heard any of the Judges, Officers, or their _ Attendants, make any Complaint, or apprehend Danger, from being so near the Gaol — That there is a public House opposite the Gaol Door, called the Swan-, and had remembered it a public House 40 Years; that he never knew or heard, that the Customers of that House made Objedbns to the Situation of the House, on Account of the Gaol; and thought the Landlord could make no' Objection, because he took a great deal of Money from the Gaol — That he never remembered, at any Time, when the Judges were at their Lodgings; any Distemper being in the Gaol.

Being asked, Whether he ever remembered any infectious Distemper in the Gaol? — lie said, There was a Fever about or 5 Years ago, and the Gaoler died at that Time; and had heard it was brought by a Felon who came from Newgate.

Being asked. Whether he ever heard the Customers of the iswan I n complain of the nearness of the Gaol to the said Inn? — he laid, No.

That the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of are a trading People — And being asked. Whether many of them are uot little Shopkeepers and Alehouse-keepers, depending wholly for Support on the Custom they have from the Gaol ? — he said, He could not say wholly, because other People go to them; but that thoie who live near the Gaol, chiefly depend on the Gaol' — That the Foundation of his House, on the opposite Side of the River, is much about the same Sort of Soilas that about the Gaol; and thought there was not any Place about Chelmsford so airy and wholesome as that whereon the present Gaol stands, nor so good a Place — That the Red Lion Inn, and the Cock and Coach, were frequented by the tiptop Farmers — And being asked. Whether either of those Inns were frequented by others than the tiptop Farmers? — he said. Yes — by the lower Sort of People — That he believed the Intervention of the River would prevent the Communication of any infectious Distemper, because of its being, so near to take off the Filt! 1

Being asked, Whether he ever heard any Judge on that Circuit give his Opinion concerning the Situation of the present Gaol; who, and when? — he said, Yes-Judge Perrott, the last Lent Assizes, and who said, " That he had been up and looked at the Situation of

the White Horse Spot, and thought the old Spot was " the properest Place for a Gaol; for if a Gaol was " built at the White Horse Premises, and any bad Dif-" temper should happen to be in it, it might be of Danger to the Market — That when he said thele Words* he was upon the Bridge near the old Gaol; and like-wile said, That was the properest Place, on Account of the River.

That he had fun eyed the Court Houses at Chelmsford, which are in very good Repair, except a little Matter of Tiling; and believed their Size and Conveniences to be very good — That the Width of the Road next the Court Houses is 16 Feet 6 or 8 Inches.

Being asked, Whether that Road could be widened without pulling any Part of the Court Houses down, and how much wider it could be made? — he said. He never measured it; but, according to his Judgment, from 6 to 8 Feet; that it might be more, but could not say exactly — That Grand and Petty Jury Rooms, an Office for the Records of the County, and other Conveniences, might be added, without pulling them down, and at a much Jess Expence — That he knows the Houses, proposed to be pulled down, for erecting new Court

G Houses,

Eller

Gaol and Shirehouse.

39°

6° Mali. A. 1771.

Essex Gaol and Shirch'oose.

Houses, according to Mr. Hillyer's Plan; and that the intended to be added to it: That he surveyed One. Amount of the Annual Rents of those Houses, as they of them, and found it to be 12 Feet deep from the are assessed in the parochial Rates, is £.70 a Year — upper Surface to the Bottom of the Well; and is And being asked, How he knew that ? — he said, Three situated on Mr. Pock.'in*ton's Premises, about 33 Feet Years ago, when he was Overseer, he made it an equal from the Gaol; and that those Premises, where that Rate — That the White Horse Premises are assessed to Well is situated, are propol'ed to be included in the the parochial Rates at/. 40 a Year. Scite of anew Gaol there — That he did not examine

Being afleed, Whether he knew the Gaol ?-?-he said. Yes — That he had been in it as a Prisoner for Debt; and released by the Insolvent Act about 27 or 28 Years ago — That during the Time lie was there, he had the Use of the Garden, and had known it overflowed, with Water; but never saw Water in the Press Yard — That he has seen it in the Back Yard, between the Garden and the Press Yard — Being asked. Whether the Level of the Gaol Garden was not below the Surface of the Gaol? — he said. It might be. 18 Inches, but never levelled it; that, according to his Plan, it is proposed to raise the Floor of the Gaol, if rebuilt on the old Spot, and the adjoining Premises, 4 Feet or better, and 'which will be attended with very little Expence.

Being asked, Whether the Floods in Winter do not flow up to the While Horse Premises, and to what Part? — he said. To the Bowling Green, and up some Part of the Yaid; but never saw the Bowling Greeen overflowed — And being afleed, How the River flowed into the Yard of the White Horse' Premises, without overflowing the Bowling Green ? — he said, Because the lower Part of the Yard is lower than the Bowling Green.

Being asked. Whether the Yard at the Horse

Inn is not higher than the Bowling Green? — he said, No — not that Part of the Yard — and added. That near 100 Feet of that Yard had been overflowed, and that he had seen a great deal of the Yard above the Horse Pond from the Meadows overflowed — Being asked, How many Feet the Bowling Green was above that lowest Part of the Yard ? — he said, It might be about Two Feet, or better, but never measured it — That the upper Part of the Yard, next the Street, may be Two or Three Feet, or more, but never measured it; and did not think it was any thing like Six Feet.

Being asked. What Part of the White Horse Inn Yard, the Gaol is proposed to be built upon? — tie said, Fie believed Part of it below the Yard where the Stables are — and bcing asked. How near the Horse Pond? — he said, PerhapS 100 Feet or more — That the Water flowed out of the River into the Meadows, then into a Garden belonging to the Saracens Head Inn, and then to the Bowling Green — and being asked, Whether Part of the Overflux’ was not occasioned by the Water flowing from the stagnate Ditches, after hard Rains ? — he said. It mull come out of the River first into the Ditches, but those Ditches are stagnated — only in Floods.

Mr. 'Thomas Hills,a Carpenter, being examined, said. That he has known Chelmsford about 25 or a6 Years, and knows the Situation of the County Gaol there — That it Hands in Moulfha m,adjoining the River Chelmer — That he knows the Grounds and Premises adjoining, and intended to be added to the Scite of the present Gaol, for the erecting a new Gaol upon; and is acquainted with the Foundation and Soil of the said Gaol and the adjoining Premises; and has made particular Surveys and Observations respecting the fame.

Being asked. How often, and in what Manner, he satisfied himself therein ? — he laid, Three Times: That he attended the Labourers who were employed to dig, and carefully infpofted the Soil — That there were Seven Holes opened on different Parts of the Premises, about Feet by 2 — and f rom 3 Feet and a Half to Feet from the upper Surface in Depth; and that those Holes were dug in the lowest and most suspicious Parts of the Premises — That he found the Soil of those Seven Holes much alike, a gravelly loomy firm Soil, from 3 Feet and a Half to Feet deep from the Surface — That there are Two Springs or Pumps in the Scite of the present Gaol, or the adjoining Premises

the other Spring, which is situated about too Feet further from the old Gao], upon the Premises now-in the Occupation of Edward Moody and Thomas Edwards — That it is a Pump, to supply both those Houses, and frequented by the neighbouring Inhabitants, and the Water much approved, of for Tea and boiling of Victuals.

Being asked, How he knew it was so much approved of, as he had said he did not examine it ? — he said. That living within about 150 Yards of the Place, his Business occasioned him to pass by it many Times in a Day; and he has seen the Inhabitants bring the Water from the said Pump, and heard them give it the Preference toother Waters thereabouts; and with respect to the other Spring, that is nearest the Gaol, he said. There is a full Supply of good and wholesome Water there — And being afleed, How he knew that ? — he said. The Inhabitants make use of it the same as they do the other, and knew it by passing backwards and forwards, and by the Inhabitants passing the same Judgment on it as on the other — That he had tailed it, and believed it, to the best of his Judgment, to be soft and good — and thought a Gaol built on the old Spot, and the adjoining Premises intended to be laid thereto, would have Air, Space, Water, and every Convenience for the necessary Use of a Gaol.

Being asked. Whether the River, close to the Gaol, was a running or stagnate Water? — he said, A running Water; and thinks it of Use to the Gaol; to carry off the Filth and Soil that may arise from it; and useful in case of Fire — That he remembered a Fire which happened in the Gaol about Two Years ago, and that the extinguishing of it was owing to the Vicinity of the River.

Being cross-examined, he said. He had been a Master Carpenter nearly Three Years, and is employed in gathering the Tolls of Chelmsford Market for Sir William Mildmay — Being asked. Whether he remembered any, and what. Inns near the present Gaol ? — he said. He remembered Three; the Cock and , the Ipswich Arms, and the Red Lyon — and that they were frequented by Road Guests, and not by Farmers in general — and added, That by Road Guests he meant Gentlemen’s Families.

Being asked. Whether he knew why they were not frequented by Farmers ? — he said, By Reason of their being too far distant from the Market — That lie knows the White Horse Inn; that it is a Part of the Mar-

ket, and believes it to be about. 43 Feet from the Court Houses; and had great Reason to think, that a Gaol, built at the White Horse Inn, would be a great Nuisance to the Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford — Being asked. Whether it will not be a great Inconvenience and Alarm to the Farmers who attend the Market, and probably lessen their Attendance thither? — he said, He believed it would, for if any Disorder should happen in the Gaol, it will be a Means of preventing their coming to Market, which certainly must prove detrimental to the Inhabitants and Trades People; for the Inhabitants chiefly depend upon the Markets and public Meetings; and had great Reason to believe the Tolls of the Markec would thereby be lessened — That the White Horse Inn is blocked up by Buildings on every Side, except the East, and on that Part bounded by Meadow Ground, often overflowed; and thought a Gaol at the White Horse Inn could not be drained of Filth, in any Degree equal to the present Gaol, by . Reason the Meadow Ground, which lies adjoining to the Horse -.mises, is very flat, and consists of many ' Marfa

11 Geo. III. 6° Mali.

Marfa Ditches j and those Ditches coofifl of fiagnated Mud — That his Reason for the Mud Handing the re is, that it has no Way for making its Escape.

Being aflted the Distance between the End of the White Horse Bowling Green, and the River Ckdma below ? — he said. There is a Garden belonging to Mr. Reynolds at the Saracen's Head-, that he did not know the Breadth of it, but the Water joins to Mr. s

Garden, and parts the Meadow Grounds, and is between the Garden and Meadow Grounds; and believed it to be a running Water, and a Cut from the River Chelmer — Beingr.fked, Whether he had seen Mr. Hillyer's Plan for a Gaol ? — he said. Yes — That the Felons Wards, he supposes, will stand upon the lower Premises, Part of the Bowling Green, and a Part of the Garden Ground.

That he had surveyed the Court Houses, which are in good Repair, except a Part of the Tiling; and looked upon them to be very handy and convenient — and said, There are 2 Galleries in the Crown Court, each of which will hold Threescore and Ten Persons; that there is only One Gallery in the Ni/t Court, which will contain about Threeicore People — and that the Width of the Road, between the Market Crols and the opposite Sheds, is about 16 Feet, but never measured it.

Being asked, Whether he had heard any of the Judges, who go the Home Circuit, give their Opinion concerning the Court Houses at — he

fiid, Yes, Baron Smythe, and was in Court at the same Time: That lie said, " I think this is a very pretty and " commodious Court as ever 1 was in; it is rather (mail, " but very convenient" — That the Counsellors agreed to it, and said it was a handy, pretty, convenient Court — That he knows the Houses proposed to be pulled down for erecting the new Court Houses and Gaol on, which are rated at £.103 a Year, as near as he could tell.

Being asked his Reason for saying the Farmers did not ufethe Inns before mentioned? — he said. By reason of the Distance and Unhandiness to the Market.

And being asked. Whether that was grounded on his Knowledge, or his Opinion ? — he answered. On my Knowledge and Opinion.

Benjamin Pugh, M. D. being examined, said, That lie has resided at Chelmsford upwards of Thirty Years, :tnd is well acquainted with the Situation of the Gaol, and also with the Grounds and Premises adjacent to the Suite of the said Gaol, and proposed to be added thereto for the Purpose of rebuilding the Gaol upon, as well as the Nature of the Soil of the Foundation of the present Gaol, and such adjoining Premises, by attending the different Surveyors at different Times, who caused the Ground to be opened, and by seeing those Surveyors examine the Earth, which he also did at the same Time — That from Three Feet and Half to Four Feet from the Surface, there was a Bed of fliong Gravel impregnated with Loom — That the upper Surface is irregular; but he looks upon the Bed of Gravel in general to be nearly level — That there are Two Wells on the Grounds intended to be laid to the present Gaol, One in the late Pocklington'sPremifes, the other in those occupied

now by one Moody, a Blacksmith — That the Well in the late Mr. Paddingtons Yard is Twelve Feet deep, and (lands at Eight Feet and Half in Water, and Three Feet and Half from the upper Surface — The other is about Eight Feet deep, and (lands about Feet and Half or Five Feet in Water — That the Water in the late Mr. Pocklivgion'% Yard is remarkably loft and good, as any Water in the Hamlet of or Town of Chelmsford — As to the Quality of the Water at the oilier Spring, he did not talle it, on Account of the Sucker being bad, and they could not pump any up — That he thinks those Springs and Pumps will afford a full and ample Supply of Wa-

VOL. 33-

ter for the Use of a Gaol, because the chief of the Essex

Inhabitants of Mouljhammake Use of it at this Time:

— That il a Gaol is built on the Scite of the present Gaol, and the adjoining Grounds, there will be every Requisite for the Purpose of a Gaol, with respect to sufficient Space of Ground, free Circulation of Air, and a full Supply of Water for every Use, so as to render the Prison wholesome — That there is a River running dole to the present Gaol, called the River Can, and is from 12 to 14, 15, and 16 Feet deep, dole to the Gaol, and a running River, which cannot at any Time be a dill or stagnate Water — That there are Five considerable Springs between Mill

and the Gaol, which flow into the said River, viz. the Great Water House Spring — the Water

House Spring — Knightsbridge's Spring; each of which are capable of turning an over-faot Mill — Great Vintner's Spring, Liltle Vintner's Spring, arc not quite so large; but all of them are constant running Springs, as be had observed himself, and which add to the Current' — That there is a continual Rife and Fall ita the River Can next the Gaol, of about 14 or 15 Inches, which causes a constant Flux and Reflux in the River — That there is a Mill, called Mill,

about One Mile and a Quarter above the Gaol — That the River Chelmer unites with the Can, at a Place called the Cock Gullet, 45 Yards from the said Gaol —

That (litre are Two Mills upon the River Chelmer — Moulsham Mill, about 450 Yards below the Gaol

— Springfield Mill, about 600 Yards North-East from the Gaol — Writtle Mill being West — That the River running close to the Gaol is of several Uses — From its Depth and from its Width, being from 30 to 60 Feet wide — It must be of great Security to the Gaol, by hindering the Prisoners from escaping, and causes a constant Circulation of Air, which "is Ohe of the greatest Requisites to make a Place of Confinement healthy — That it is of the greatest Use, as the Ne-ceflary Houses of the Prisoners and Felons are immediately over it, which hinders any disagreeable Smells, either to the Prisoners themselves, or to Passengers or Neighbours — That he means the Taffcngers that go over the Bridge, which joins immediately to the Gaol, and likewise the Pafler.gers up, and in the Street of Moulsham — That he was present when a Fire happened in the Gaol, about Two Years ago — That it began about Midnight, but was speedily extinguifaed by Means of the River, for at that Time the Engines of the Town were out of Repair, and the Fire was extinguifaed by common Buckets and Scoops from Two Boats that were upon the River, which con-flantly supplied the Men who extinguifaed the Fire — That he remembers all the Keepers of this Gaol ever since he lived in Chelmsford; Thomas -

l/erson, a very sensible Man, about 28 Years ago, who had been Gaoler upwards of 40 Years at that Time — That the Witness had often talked with him respecting the Healthfulness of the Situation of the present Gaol, who allured him, the malignant Gaol'

Fever never, in his Time, happened in that Gaol, except when brought from Newgate or other Gaols —

That the Witness has known it upwards of 30 Years; and the Gaol Fever never began there — -That it has been in that Time brought 3 Times from

That the Gaol Fever never can properly dr probably begin in that Gaol, from the Vicinity of that large River, and the constant Current of Air that constantly attends it — Moulsham Bridge being close to One of the Corners of the Gaol, the Arches of that Bridge act as Air Funnels or Air Pipes, and quickens the Circulation of Air in that Place so fenlibly, that hardly a Breath of Air is to be perceived in other Places; therefore that must add to the Health of that particular Spot — That he means that there is a free Circulation of Air there, when there may be little or none elsewhere — That the Number of Prisoners usually in

39i

6° Mali.

A. 1771.

Essex Giot and ShifehouTe.

the said Gaol, including both Felons and Debtors, together with the Gaoler’s Family and Assistants, are between 56 and 60, upon an Average communibus — That the Number of Persons buried from thence usually, one Year with another, is about Four.

And he produced a Copy from the Register of Burials in Chelmsford; which is as follows:

An Account of the Number of Prisonefrs buried from Chelmsford Gaol in each Year, from 1743, as appears by the PariOi Register of Chelmsford.

Anno.

1743

4

5

6

7

8

9

*75°

1

2

3

4

5

6

N#.

1

1

5

*2

none

2 2

10 1 The Small Pox was rife in -7 f ford at this Time, and Gaol Dit-9 J temper brought from Newgate.

- 6

5 4 2

7 — 2

8 — 2

9 — 2 1760 — 6

1 — 2

z — 3

3 — 4

4 — none

7 — 7 7 The Gaol Distemper was brought

8 — 12 j by Prisoners from Newgate.

9 — 3

Il1{) of A bad Fever and Sore Throat was

'' ° I rife in Chelmsford at this Time.

8,b April 1771. Compared the above carefully with the Register Book of Burials in,

by us

Bei/j. Pitgk, C William Wi,

f Church Clerk of Chelmsford.

And the Witqefs said. That there certainly is not so proper a Place for building a Gaol in or about -

ford, because the same Advantages cannot be had upon any other Spot — That it is One very great Advantage for a Gaol to stand at a great Distance from the Courts of Justice j because, if any epidemic Fever should be in the Gaol, the Air will blow off the infectious Particles, and bring them more safe and sweet into the Courts — For there are many fatal Examples now upon Record, of the Prisoners being immediately brought from a Place of Confinement into Courts of Justice 1 — That he alludes to many Places, and the Bailey in particular — That the White tiorfe Inn stands in the principal Part of the Market — and he thinks the Sciteof that Inn, or the Grounds belonging to it, is a very improper Situation for a Gaol; for its being in the principal Part of the Market will certainly spoil that Market} for an infectious Gaol Fever happening the re, would terrify and drive the Farmers to other Market Towns — That his Business calls him daily among those Farmers, Who are at this Time in the greatest Fear and Consternation — That about 20 Years ago the malignant Small Pox came into the Town, and had such an Effect upon the Markets, that it destroyed them for some Time — The Markets for some Days were kept at the Red , a Quarter of a Mile out of the Town — Therefore, if the Small Pox had such an Effect upon the Farmers Minds, a Gaol Fever would have much more — That he does not think the Scite of the Inn is a whole -

some Place for erecting a Gaol upon, being surrounded with Houses and Buildings on every Side, except the East — That on the East of the White Premiers there is a Bowling Green, a Garden, and a flat Meadow; but he did not examine the Nature of the Soil on the East of the Bowling Green, but it is Meadow Land — That there are several stagnate Ditches next, or adjacent to the White llorfe Premises — That the Drains of all the upper Part of the East Side of the Town fall into those Ditches, which Ditches are ge^ nerally full of stagnate Mud — At this Time there is hardly a Foot of Water over the Surface of the Mud in any of them — -Some of them have from 3 Feet of Mud to 10 Feet — That he thinks those Ditches would certainly contribute to the Unhealthfulness of a Gaol at the Scue of the White Horse Inn, and obstruct the Drams from any Gaol built there — That a Gaol at tic White Horse Premises can be supplied with Water from no Place properly, but from the Conduit at Chelmsford, which must ruin the Town; for

which he gave Four following Reasons: First, the Current of Water that runs from the Conduit, runs through all the Yards of that Part of the Town that is called The Middle R, which forms the principal Part of the High Street, and all the Back Street; it carries away all the Filth from the Necell'aries, and other Filth belonging to their Houses, which Houses would not be habitable without the Convenience of that Water, the Current being so large, it carries off all this Filth without the least Inconvenience to the rest of the Inhabitants of the Town. — Secondly, It is so contrived at the Conduit, that the Inhabitants can turn it to every Street and every Part of the Town, by which Convenience the Town is kept perfectly clean all the Winter, and in hot dry WeatheF, in Summer, it is kept cool. — Thirdly, With respect to Fires, it is of the utmost Consequence, he having seen many Fires, since he had lived in that Town, quickly extinguished by that Water — That One Instance happened little more than a Year ago, of a very rapid Fire breaking out in the Wool Pack Inn Yard, which is in the very Middle of the Town — A Quantity of Mulch from the Common Dunghill, being laid across the Street, will, in a few Minutes, form a Pond of Water from Two to Three Feet deep, and supply any Demand from Three Engines, which was then the Cafe; for notwithstanding the Fire was very rapid, it was completely extinguished in little less than an Hour; without Which Convenience, the greatest Part of the Town would have been burnt down. — Fourthly, That he looks upon the Town of Chelmsford, in its present State, to be a remarkable healthy Town; and believes it is chiefly owing to that Current of Water running through the Middle of it; for the Town of Chelmsford lies very low; That Two Rivers run, One on each Side of it; and it is chiefly surrounded by low Meadows, and many stagnate Ditches; therefore the Exhalations from the Rivers, Meadows, and Ditches, must be very great, and would certainly form a large Body of stagnate Air in that large Street, which must soon be very unhealthy; but this Current of Water puts that Air in a continual Motion, and carries it off — That if Water is not brought from the Conduit to the White Horse Inn, he believes it can be brought from no other Place but Burgess , the Fountain Head of the Conduit at C; and what little waste Water may be found there will be quite inadequate to the Use of the Gaol — That the Fountain Head is near a Mile from the While , and the Water must be brought through the Grounds of John Wallingery Esquire, chiefly — Through One Field, belonging to Mil's , and another to

Mr. Jeph of Chelmsford — That a Gaol built on the White Horse Premises, would annoy and injure the Inhabitants of the Town in a very particular Manner,

11 Geo. III. 6° Mai. 393

ner, as a Gaol built there must be surrounded with very high Walls for the Security of the Prisoners; which high Walls, and the surrounding Building, must flop all free Circulation of Air; therefore the Air must be stagnant; and stagnant Air being often re-spired by the Number of Prisoners confined there, will soon become putrid, and of Course generate infectious and malignant Fevers; which must be exceeding dangerous, not only to the Inhabitants near it, but to the Town in general, and the Farmers and others frequenting the Market — This can never happen at the old Gaol, because the Principles that generate those infectious Fevers cannot cxift there, from the Vicinity of the large deep River, and the constant Circulation of Air that is upon the old Spot — That he can prove for upwards of Thirty Years (having constantly attended the Gaolers and their Families, and many of the principal Debtors, which makes him so thoroughly and well acquainted with the old Situation) that there is no other Spot, in or near the Town of that can be equal to the old Spot; because no other Place can have the Advantages that the old Spot has; and, notwithstanding Two very great Inconveniencies that attend the present Gaol, which are that of being ancient, and much too small; yet Time, the Father of Knowledge, has proved the Healthfulness of this Situation, as the Number of Burials taken from the Church Register will sufficiently prove — -That he never did hear any Complaints, from the Inhabitants of Chelmsford, on Account of the Prisoners being taken through the Town, at the Assizes, from the Gaol to the Court Houses, or of any infectious Distemper being communicated, or caught thereby- — -That he never had declared his Opinion, that any other Place or Situation, in or about Chelmsford, was equal or preferable to the old Spot; and so far from saying any such Thing to any Man living, he never lo much as thought it — That he does not believe it possible for a Gaol at the White Horse Premises to be drained of Filth, the Declivity or Fall of Ground down to the Meadows below, being so very little; that the human Excrement, when in Quantities, very soon undergoes a Fermentation, and becomes ib extremely tenacious, that even a large Stream of Water would not carry it off, where the Drains are so flat — That the White Horse Premises is about 18 Feet from the Church Yard — The Town -in general are for the old Spot, as well as the County at large.

Being Cross Examined, he said. He had practised as a Physiciao ever fitice the Year 1758: That in 1758 he went to Edinburgh a perfect Stranger — was examined by Dr. Rutherford and Dr. Simpson in Physic, and by Dr. Young in Midwifery — That he has attended the Felons in the Wards of the present Gaol, as Surgeon, Apothecary, and Physician; but it was so long since, that he had forgot their Names and Number; but never was employed as Surgeon, Apothecary, or Physician, to the'Gaol, by the County; but believes Mr. Griffenhoofe i6 so employed- — That he certainly thinks the Situation of his own House in Chelmsford to' be very wholesome; because he has before said. That he thinks the Town of Chelmsford, in its present State, a healthful Town — That it is a very small Afterit from his House to the White Horse Inn; but he never took the Level — That there is a Road to the Fields and, Meadows below,-oft the North Side of the White Horse Inn, for Foot Passengers, a dirty narrow Lane, through which run the Drain from the Greyhound Inti, some little Houses adjoining t<J‘if, but die never saw a Cart or Waggon in it‘U-That he believed’there Was a Cart Way to tfaofe' Moa-dows out of Dr. Gore’s Yafd; but knows ’so litrfe of it, that he cannot’ speak to a! Certainty about thf Cart Way — That he did not remember seeing'such a Cart Way, but always understood there Was One — That the East Side of the Whine Horfi Premises ’ V-oj,. 33;

is open to the Meadows and the Country, but com fined to Buildings and Houses on the other Three Sides, and is not near to the River — That

he has measured it — That the Bottom of the-Horse Inn Yard is 160 Yards from the River merand it is 290 Feet from the Bottom of the ing Green to the River Chelmer — That the While Horse Premises, below the Stables, are not free of Buildings on the South Side, there being the Saracen's Head Inn Yard, and the Pit, below them.

Being asked, How near those Buildings are to the Rowling Green /’ — he answered, I cannot positively say, because -I- -never measured the Space — -That he believes the Area before the White Horse Inn may be much broader than the Harwich Road opposite to the old Gaol; and that there is a Garden, belonging to the Saracen's Head Inn, between the Bowling Green and the Meadow behind it, which he believes Is about 3 Feet; lower than the lowed Part of the White Horse Premises — That a Branch of the Rivet Chelmer runs at the Foot of his Garden, close by his Garden, to the Black Boy Inn below — That he has a Terras in his Garden, with a Summer House and Seats on it, which looks upon the same Meadows and' Country as the Horse Premites;

Springfield Mill, and upon Moulsham Mill;' the Wheels of Springfield Mill he can fee constantly going; believes the Wheels of Moulsham Mill do the fame'; which proves that the River Can, near- the GaOl, cannot be a stagnate Water — That if running Water could be conveyed through a Gaol credited at the White Horse Inn, it would not contribute to the Health of it, equal to the River Can by the old Gaol, except they could convey that River through the Whitt Horse Inn Yard- — That Knightsbridge's Spring is about 100 Yards from Burgejfe’s Well; but so much lower than Burgesse's Well, that he don't think it possible to bring that Spring to the While Horfi Inn Yard; but he never took the Level, or measured it-"-That the Market at Chelmsford is a very large one, and a great deal of Business carried on' there — That the Town of Chelmsford is a large populous Town, but has no Manufactory carried on in it, or near it!; therefore the Inhabitants in general are rather in low, than affluent, Circumstances — They are supported in general by their various Occupations, which Occupations are entirely supported by their Markets, Fairs, and other -Public Meetings; therefore, whatever injures or destroys those Fairs and Markets, must Certainly ruin that Town; and he is very clear, if the Gaol Is removed from the old Scite to the While" Horfi Inn, that will be the Consequence; because the Town of Chelmsford Hands near the Middle of a Circle, fui1-rounded by 10 or 12 Market Towns; viz. Whitt am 8 Miles — Braintree 11 — Dunmotv 12 — Bishops Stortford 18 — Onger 1 %^-Burntwood 11 — 1 18 — '- Billrieky 8 —

Malden 10 — Therefore, if’arty-Thing in the Town of Chelmsford should impede Of disturb that Market, there are Plenty of other Markets for khofe Farmers to fell their Corn and other Commodities at — That he was -examined last Year at the Committee, on the Effete Gadl Bill; and the Purport of the Evidence he then gave was the same as this.

The Agent for Sir William Mildmay informed your Committee, ’That with Regard to lb - much of his Petition, as‘is against any Application for the Removal of the Gaol from its present Spot to the White Horse Premises,' Sir William Mildmayrefts his same upon the EvidehCe already laid before the Committee; and as to the rest’ of his Petition, reserves it to be heard before the Committee, to whom the Bill shall be committed, in case a BiltfhOuld be ordered in.

- ' Then the: Agent for Mr. Ravenell informed your Committee, That he would defer producing any Evidence, until a Bill shall be ordered id by tire House j and tf such Bill shall be brought in, then to be heard

H before

R/r.*

Essex Gaol and Shifchoofc.

394 6° Mail. 1771.

before the Committee, to whom the same shall be committed, against any Matters to be contained in such Bill, to the Prejudice of Mr. Raventll.

In Answer to the 2d, 3d, and 4th mentioned Petitions, Mr. John Phillips, being examined, said, That he is Carpenter to the Board of Works, and has been in Business ever since the Year 1736 — That he has viewed the Two Places, at the Desire of the Justices of Essex — That, on the 18th of February last, he went with Mr. Robinson to Chelmsford, and viewed the Two Spots be-

fore mentioned; on One of which, he was told, a new Gaol was intended to be built — and did declare, — That a new Gaol may be built at either Place — ,

That the Body of such Building, from the Ground Floor upwards, will be the same at both Places — 3 Consequently the Difference will only lay in making the Support, or Legs, for the before-mentioned Super-struttions — 4 llily.If done at the White Horse Inn, and the Level of the Ground Floor is made Two Feet above Ground at the Entrance, according to a printed Plan now in his Hand, marked D, or any other Plan that may be agreed upon; which, at the Distance of not more than Seven Feet downwards from the said Ground Floor, will terminate upon a Foundation of Gravel, which, in his Opinion, will be sufficient to sustain the Weight of the whole Building — 5thly, If it is done on the Scite of the old Gaol, and the Ground Floor made Level with the Road Or Street, a good Foundation, in his Opinion, cannot be found at less than 13 Feet downwards from the said Ground Floor, and that an Uncertainty, without piling and planking. — The Witness begs it might be observed — That if the Level of the Ground Floor, at the White Horse Inn, ffrould be made higher -than Two Feet above Ground, the Expence of building on that Spot will increase — That if the Level of the Ground Floor, at the Scite of the old Gaol, should be lower than the Road or Street, the Expence of building the re will decrease — But whatever Plan may be agreed upon, for a new Gaol at , the Expence of building it will be greater on the Scite of the old Gaol, than at the White Horse Inn — For Example, If the Plan D, should be built on the Scite of the old Gaol, it would cost, including wharfing the River £. 3,000 more than at the White Horse Inn — That he was also desired to view the Shire House, which he did, and upon Examination it plainly appeared, that some necessary Repairs were wanting, which can easily be done, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Plan — That the Difference between Footing and Piling is, that Footing may be, of either-Brick or Timber, but we generally apply it tq Timber, that lays flatways upon the Ground, instead of being drove as Piles- — Planking is the Fame — Piling is a Piece of Timber drove , perpendicularly down;

Being asked, If a Part of a new Gaol was to be erected at the old Spot first, for the Purpose of placing the Prisoners there when built:, and then to.proceed on the

other Part, how long, in his Opinion, would it be before the new-built Part wasf fit'for the Reception of the Prisoners? — he laid, That, as loon as that'JPart of the Building is completed, it will be fit for the Confinement of Prisoners; but, he does not thihk itright so put them in, until the Walls were thoroughly! dry, which, he thinks, should be Two Summers} the Summer :wheo built, and carried in the latter, Park.of the next — The other Part- of the Budding would;:require

the same Time to dry — That/Jt would be better to carry all the Building up together, if poffib'e»--'-Upon Account of its Settlements} bet ..you may carry up detached Wjngp of a Building, belonging to the same Place, without any Injury — ’Thar when they examined and bored the Ground at the old Spot, there was Water in all thp Places; but hq does not apprehend,; there is any real Spring in, the Depth that was bored, and in thqfe Hqles. which Jiq examined that weft bored before became, there — The Water, that , ettrfle into those

Places, was the Weeping of the rhain Land, or came from the River, in his Opinion — That he bored from about 10 Feet to 11 Feet 6 Inches — The Holes that he law bored, were all a Sort of marshy Clay; and there did not appear, from the Matter the Spoons brought up, that there was any Strata that shewed there was a Spring; but sometimes it happens, and he has known it by Experience, where a Layer of Sand, not more than a Straw’s Breadth, has produced Water, in a clayey Situation — That he thinks it will be neceflury to wharf against the River — and he included this in the ,£.3,000 Estimate.

Being asked. If he did, in the Survey of the White Horse Premises and the Meadows below, observe any Ditches filled with Mud and Filth, which would, in his Opinion, obstruct the Draining the Premises at the White Horse, or render that Situation unwholesome for a Gaol ? — he said. He did not fee any Ditch that would do an Injury to the intended Buildings; because he apprehends, whoever is employed in carrying on the Work, will keep the Level of the Ground Floor, so as to make a sufficient Drain to a Branch of the River Chelmer — That the King’s Bench is built so low, that it is very inconvenient — There are no Ditches, in his Opinion, that will obstruct the Draining at the White Horse, if the Gaol is properly built, not lower than Two Feet above Ground at the Entrance} and, he should think, no Ditch, to render it unwholesome. . ’

Being asked. If the Premises at the White Horse are so surrounded with Buildings, as to render it dole, and unwholesome for a Gaol to be built, according to the Plan D ? — he answered. That there will be no Building -adjoining it, but on the South Side; because the Front of the new Gaol will be to the West, the Back to the East, and the Entrance to the North, at the Lane which goes to the Meadows — «There are Three Sides will be free from Buildings.

Being asked, If that Ground was equally free from Buildings as the old Spot ? — he said, They are pretty much alike.

Being asked, Whether a Gaol built at the Horse

Jnn, after the Plan D, would be, in his Opinion, dangerous or obnoxious to the Market or Town of Chelms* ford? — he said, That depends entirely upon the Number, of Inhabitants this Gaol is to hold; for if you ftive a great. Number of People together, it will certainly be obnoxious, but if the Apartments of the Gaol are made so as to keep the Prisoners in Health, and the Gaol kept clean from Time to Time, he cannot apprehend it will be obnoxious.

Being asked. If there is a Necessity of adding Public Rooms* Grand Jury Room, Petty Jury Room, and Record. Room, to the Court Houses, whether he would advisethe County to repair the present, or pull them down and erect a new Edifice? — he said, I think.that Qupftion relates to the Gentlemenof, the County — My Opinion is, that. Plans should be made with Additions to, the present Shire House, and aHo for a new Building<-r Which last I: should give the Preference to — JtfeJikewife said. That in digging at the White Horse Inn* Part of the , Earth appeared to be a Sort'of Brick -Earth — He saw a, Well there, which, when he measured it, it Was 9 Feet from the Surface, of the Ground to the Water, and the Water was Feet 10 Inches deep, whiqh'is about Feet (higher than , the Water in the Branch of the Chelmer~^That the Level of the Ground id, Front, at the White Horse Inn, is 13 Feet higher thaajth^-: Branch of the’ River; and that he

took the Level himself- — That, in his Opinion, the Town J*i]l./;bQ-,0luch. ornamented and benefited by Buildings i being..-mAde; upon the Plan that he has seen for a new Gaol,a^d Shire. House; and that in his Judgment, as an AroUiteft, ihe\Chould prefer the White Hoise pre-fcpabledfo theiOthbr Situation. . .'

? Being asked} At vthofe Application he. went down to

Ckehnsford ?

11 Geo. III. 6 Mali. B95

Chelmsford ? — the said, at the Request of eoyne, Barney Bramston, and John , Esquires, fig-

nified to him by Mr. Hillyer — and that he bored Ten Feet down at lead.

Being asked, If he did not find a Bed of Gravel and Clay at the Depth of Three or Four Feet, or any other Depth? — he said. He saw Two Holes bored, and there did not appear any such Matter in them — 'That, previous to his going down, Mr. Hillyer told him, he would have all the Holes bored, every one of which he examined with a Rod, and the Bottom of those Places was still a Clay — That he asked the Pump Borer why he did not bore deeper ? — who said. He had not Instruments for that Purpose — That, when Mr. Hillyer was with him in Town, he desired him to bore, where the greatest Weight of Building would be fixed, in several Places; and the Holes that he saw, Mr. Hillyer did say it was under the most weighty Part of the Building- — and that he knew nothing of it himself — That when he saw these Holes, there was some Water in them, about Two Feet of the Surface — That most of the Holes were full within Two Feet of the Surface, and about 8 Feet Depth of Water in the Holes.

Being allied, if he apprehended, that, in a Hole filled 8 Feet with Water, he could, by trying it with a. Rod, form any accurate Opinion of the intermediate Strata between the Bottom of the Hole and Level of the Water?

- — he said. It is impossible any Man can — That the Holes dug. in his Presence were about 72 Feet distant from the Holes dug by his.Order before he Came.

Being asked, If he did not conceive, that, at the Distance.of 72 Feet, the Strata of Earth may differ extremely ? — he said, Undoubtedly, for Nobody can tell the Courie of Nature.

Being asked. If he thought, because no. Stratum of Gravel was found in the Two -Holes he bored, to the Depth of 11 Feet, fit fora Foundation of a, Gaol, that therefore there was no proper Foundation at any Space between those and the other Holes ? — he said, I am of Opinion, that, at the Scite /of the old Gaol, there is not any Foundation that will do without planking, it appearing tome to be a marshy Piece of Ground — That he means the whole Spot of Ground that was marked as intended to be built upon, and that only — That he apprehends the Spot where the present Gaol is built, is comprehended within the designed Plan for ere<fling a new Gaol.

Being asked. If there is not a, Method in Building, to spread or widen the Foundation of the Walls ,a.t the Bottom, diminishing the fame, in every Cpurfe of Brick or Stone upwards, to the Surface.of the Ground.of the intended Building, without using Piles? — he laid, Past a Doubt, from a good Foundation,; and no one would do it from a bad one; but that be could not tell the additional Expence of building in this Manner, if the Foundation should require it.

Being asked. Whether the Ground,- at the old Spot, will not allow, a l'ufficient Foundation, equal to the erecting a Building Two Story high, fit for a Gaol, with Walls, not exceeding 24, Feet io Height? — he said. He was dill of Opinion, that a sufficient Foundation cannot be found, at less than 15 Feet from the Road or Street, without Piling, or Planking; and is not certain that there is a good Foundation at 15 Feet, because, when he put the Rods into the Holes, to probe them, be found nothing but Clay — That he thinks the Expence of building a Gaol will be greater on the old Spot than at the White Horse; because he is of Opinion, that gobd Foundation can be found, in a less Depth from the iGround Floor of the Gaol, at the

WhiteHorse Inn, than at the Scije of the old Spot — That he did not pbforve any particular Ditch, that would be obnoxious or. hurtful to any Building to be erefled at the White Horse Inn — That if there had been any, he should have found them out-^-That he did not fee any Vox. 33.

that would obstruct any Gentleman's House: The Ground of the White Horse Inn lying so much above the Meadows, that it would be sufficiently drained, let the Ground be what it would — That there was a Ditch at the left Hand of the Garden, next the Road, that was dry, only the common Run of the Drain of the Inn- — That he did not observe whether the other, at the Bottom of the Garden, was stagnate or not; nor is it Material to the Building, in his Opinion — That he did not particularly observe any other Ditches — There is a little Ditch, or Drain, on the Right Hand, he believes, but is not sure — That he was as attentive to those Premises as the other, but he does not know with Precision the Number of Ditches; for this Reason, As the Ground at the White Horse Inn is considerably above the Branch of the River; and, in his Opinion, the Drain to it would meet no Obstruction — That the Difference of the Level between One Part of the Horse Premises, and the other, at. the Bowling Gree, the Extent of the Premises, he thinks, is 7 Feet — That, according to Mr. Hillyer's Plan, the Gaol is intended to be built at the White Horse, from the Street to the Bowling , and upon Part of the Bowling Green — That no Part of the GaoJ comes up to the Street, according to the Plan D; but he cannot tell the Distance of that Part of the Wall facing the Street, to the Street.

Being asked, Why be apprehends there is no Spring on the old Spot ? — he said, He could onlyanswer for the Two Holes he bored, because in those Two Holes there did not appear any Strata of Ground that would produce a Spring — That he means only the Spot he saw, which was near the old Pump, near the Back Ground — That he viewed the Grounds, which he was told were intended to be purchased, near the Gaol.

Being asked. Whether he observed any Springs there ? — he said. He did not examine any there — That there may be, for a,ught he knows — No doubt there are Springs every where — That he saw One Pump, and One in the Gaol, but does not remember seeing Two other Pumps — That it was late when the Well was opened; and Mr. Hillyer said, he would bring an Account of it — That a Gaol properly built, on the White Horse Premises, he thinks, will not be attended with great Inconveniences to the Inhabitants of Chelmsford — That he believes a Gaol built in the Heart of the Town of Chelmsford will probably be attended with greater Inconveniency to the Inhabitants, in case of an epidemical Distemper therein, than a Gaol built oa the old Spot, at the End of the Town, because a Gaol built in the Center of a Town, surrounded by Inhabitants, in case of an epidemical Distemper, will be more dangerous than if the Gaol is at the End of the Town, — That it, was in regard to Magnificence and Duration that he was of Opinion to pull down the Shire House, in case it should be necessary to add Grand and Petty Jury, and Record Rooms, rather than add them to the present Building.

Mr. William Robinson, Surveyor to the Board of Works, being examined, said. That he had been down to Chelmsford, and viewed the Scite of the present Gaol,

and Grounds adjoining, on which a new Gaol is proposed to be built — That he was thereon Wednesday the 13th February — That he went to the old Spot, and found there had been 5 or 6 Holes bored, in order to examine the Foundation — That he desired a Well Borer, who was there, to put his Instrument. into the same Holes, that he might fee what Kind of Ground it was — That they bored a little lower than they had done before, and the Ground that was brought up by the Instrument was a Black Morass — That he examined several other Parts of the Grounds, on the Scite of the old Gaol, and found it to be the same — That he went down a Second Time, on Monday the 18th, and stood by the Well Borer till he had bored Two fresh Holes in the Grounds adjoining (which the Gaoler told him

were

Essex Gaol and Siuiciioufe.

6° Mail

A. 1771.

Iffex were the Grounds intended to be purchased for build- surrounded with Buildings, as to render it, in his Opi-Gaol and ing the new Gaol on) about n Feet deeps and found nion, close and unwholesome for a Gaol? — he said, SUrehouse. that to be the same Kind of Ground as upon the Scite That on the South Side there is a Building, which ap-of the old Spot — That, a little below the Surface, there pears to be a Barn or Stable; on the West, is the was a Kind of Sand, or small Gravel, which seemed to Horse Inn; on the North, Two small Cottages; and have been formerly some Kind of Walk; and that there the East is open to the River; so that he does

can be no natural Gravel upon that Scite; it is not the not apprehend any Inconveniency from Buildings ad-Kind of Earth — That he did not find any Strata or joining it, for the Purpose of a Gaol being built there — Soil that he could depend on, as a good Foundation for That the White Horse Inn is situate at the North East a public Building of any considerable Weight, without Corner of the Town of ', and on the East

an artificial Foundation being made with Timber — That Side of the Market Place.

if it was his own Freehold, and he was to build upon Being a Iked, If there will be any, and what Differ-

it for Posterity, he would pile and plank it. It can’t ence in the Expence of erecting a new Gaol, according be left than 10 Feet deep, because he did not come to to Mr. Hillyer's Plan, on the Scite of the'old Gaol, and any Bottom at that Depth — That he apprehends there the Grounds adjoining, and at the White Horse ? — he said, can be no Footing of Brick or Stone fit to carry a pub- If Mr. Plan was to be executed at the old

lie Brick Building on that Scite; for, the wider the Foot- Spot, the Expence of the Foundation, according to ingspreads, the more the Weight; and cannot be left his Estimate, is £.3,019, at Ten Feet deep of Piling more than 3 Feet in Water, and that ought to be built all than at the White Horse; exclusive of the Advantage in Terras, supposing the Bottom under that was good; of making Bricks from Part of the Ground which must which will be an Expence nearly equal to piling and be dug, at the White Horse; and exclusive of the Wharf, planking. which is in a very ruinous Condition, and would be a

Being asked, How deep the Brick Work must be, farther Expence of about 250, not left, he is sure above the Piling, to the Floor of the Gaol ? — he said, — The Entrance of the Gaol to be built, according He does not know the Floor of the Gaol; but to the to Mr. Hillyer's Plan, at the White , will be up-Level of the Road the Brick Work will not be left than wards of 200 Feet from the Market Place; and the 7 Feet above the Piling; and that the Level between the Felons Wards about 240 Feet from the Street — That, if Road and the Floor of the present Gaol is about Feet the present Shire House is set back in the Manner pro-6 Inches — The Water came into the Holes, after they posed, there will be a large Area from the West Front were bored about the Level of the River — That he of the White Horse Inn to the Conduit, much larger apprehends the Wells, in the Premises adjoining to the than now is.

old Gaol, are supplied with Water that filters through Being asked, If he thinks a Gaol built at the Whitt

the Mould or Ground upon the Face of that Morass, , so open to this Area in the Front, and to the Coun-

as he met with no Strata of Ground, in his Boring, where try and River on the East, must be left infectious and there was any Probability of Springs — That he fur- dangerous to the Inhabitants of ,than a Gaol

veyed the White Horse Premises — That there had been built at the old Spot ? — he laid. He thinks it will be several Holes bored before he went there; and he wholesomer for the Prisonere; and, being nearly the examined those Holes as he had done them in the old highest Part of the Town, and open to the South East, Spot; and from Two to Three Feet deep from the Sur- the Infection (should there be any) will not be so dan-face was a black Garden Mould; and from Two to gerous as in the Bottom, where the present Gaol is, and Three Feet below that, was a strong Loam, from left dangerous to the Inhabitants, which good Bricks might be made; under that was a Being cross-examined, he was asked. Who desired hard binding Gravel, fit to carry any Weight of Build- him to go to , for the Purpose of taking the

ing, without any other Assistance in the Foundation — Surveys he bad mentioned ? — and said, On the nth of That he observed the Springs there — That, at the up- , Mr. Hillyer came to me, and told me, that a

per End, or West End, there is a Well, the Bottom Gaol was intended to be built at Chelmsford; and that of which is 13 Feet 10 Inches below the Surface next Mr. Gascoyne, and some more Gentlemen, would be glad the Street, and Feet 10 Inches Water in it — That he that I would go down, and examine the Foundations of observed another Spring, at the East End of the Pre- the Two Places; which I did.

mises, which runs into a small Branch of the River Being asked, Whether the Inn is not near

Chelmer. to the White Horse Premises, on the North, and how*

Being asked, the Level of the Ground, to the Branch near ? — he said, it is on the North, towards the Street,-of the River Chelmer, below ? — he said, From the Well but not near where the Gaol is intended to be built.

End, which is next the Street, to the Branch of the Being asked, Whether the Whit* Horse Premises arb River Chelmer, is 13 Feet; from the Street to the Bowl- not bounded on the South by the Coffee House and ing Green, being a Descent of Six Feet, and from the Saracen's Head, with the Stables and other Buildings Bowling Green to the Branch of the River Chelmer, Se- to them belonging ? — he said, The Saracen's Head and ven Feet. Coffee House are on the South Side towards the Street,

Being asked. If be observed any Ditches, on the White but will not be near the new Building; some Part Horse Premises, which would, in his Opinion, obstruct of the Stabling (not a Sixth Part) will; — That the Fence the Draining of a Gaol to be built there, or render the Wall of the Prison, intended to be built at Situation unwholesome? — he said. There is a Ditch on Horse, is adjoining the Street — That he docs not rathe North Side, which drains the White Horse Inn, but member he was ever there on a Market Day, or at a:Fair} can be no Inconvenience to the Draining any Building and does hot know where the Market People; and to be erected there — That he thinks there is ho Ob- those who resort to the Fairs, generally assemble, as he struclion whatsoever, from draining the Premises at the knows but little of the Town — That the Scite of the While Horse better than any other Place he had seen; White Horse Inn is on the East Side of the Market because the Top of the Spring at the West End is Place, on the North East Part of the Town, and Feet above the River, which will walh and cleanse all thinks it is not near the Middle of the Town. That the Drains that can be made upon those Premises — he did not measure, but thinks it upwards of 10b He had erected a public Building (the Infirmary of Feet from the Court Houses — That the old Spot i6 Greenwich Hospital) where there are between Two and adjoining the Bridge; and, he believes, at the End of Three hundred People in it, and the Rooms are all before you enter into the Town of Chelms-

perfectly sweet; greatly owing to the Drains being washed for dr — That there is a River, which he believes is from the Water behind it. called the Can, situate between Moulfham and ChelmSr-

' Being asked. If the White Horse Premises are so ford.

5 Being

ii Geo. III. 6° Mali. 307

Being asked, If that RiVer runs close to the present Gaol, and fep&rates the Town of Chelmsford from the Gaol ? — he said, Wheti he saw that Water, it did not run at all, but it is situated close to the Gaol, and separates the Gaol from the Town of ford, and may be feo Feet broad Or upwards, but he does not know the Depth.

Being asked, If he was of" Opinion, that a Gaol, thus situated before the Entrance into Chelmsford, and parted from the Town by this River, is more dangerous, and would be a greater Annoyance ro the Inhabitants of Chelmsford, in case of an infectious Gaol Distemper, than a Gaol' built on the White Horse Premises, although the White Horse Premises adjoin to the Market Place, and is surrounded by the Houses of the Inhabitants, and such Musket Place is the usual Resort of Persons frequenting the Markets and Fairs? — he said, I think the White Horse Premises more open than the old Spot is; and, from its Situation, a better Air, and capable of being much better drained — I think there is less Danger to the Inhabitants from a Gaol being built there — should think they would be equally dangerous to the Inhabitants; but the White Horse being nearest the Market Place, the Infection at the White Horse would be more dangerous to the People attending the Market.

Being asked. Whether a Brick Kiln, and making Bricks, at the White Horse, would- not in -any Degree be an Annoyance to the Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford? — he said, Not any material one, because it is only for Part of a Summer — That the Bricks would be made next the Branch of the River which is not near the Town.

Mr. Charles Mills, Surveyor and Carpenter,' being examined, said. He went to Chelmsford on the 12th of February, and was there, with a proper Man along

with him to bore the Ground — That he (aw Six Holes bored, and flood by the Man the whole Time — Upon the old Spot, the Holes lie bored were from 10 to 12 Feet deep, and he found it all to be marlhy except Three or Four Feet from the Surface, where he found a Sort‘of Sand Three or Four Inches thick, and the Soil rather drier than the other; but the lower he went, he.looked upon the Foundation to be worfc, it was quite Mud and Water — After they had done boring, he tried Two of the Holes, and put his Rule down, and found Water, and that Water was level with the Water in the River, as near as he could guess by putting his Rule down — - That he did not bore or examine the Grounds adjoining to the present Gaol; but went into them, and observed them to be upon the same Level j and apprehends them to be the same Soil — That he went to the White , and there bored; at about 20 Inches, or Two Feet, he found Ground Mould; near 3 Feet deeper a Brick Earth, and then a Gravel — That he went no further, thinking it to be a very good Foundation — That he opened the Ground with a Spade, and found the Strata of the Earth the same as where he bored — That where he bored at the old Spot, he found no Soil that he could depend on as a good Foundation for a County Gaol, or any Building at all; and he would not risque his Credit and Character by so doing — That he would not put any Brick Work upon that Foundation, until he had‘planked and piled it — That he apprehends the Wells, adjoining to the old Gaol, are supplied with Water by the Draining from that mar (by Ground; but he nevbr bored the fame.

Being asked, Which, of the Two Spots, the White

Horse, or the old Spot, with the Grounds adjoining, he would chuse to build a Gaol upon 5 and what would be the Difference in the Expence, according to Mr. Hillyer's Plan ? — be said. He should make Choice of the White Horse, because there is a Foun* dation ready maide, without making one — and added,

VOL. $£.

that to make one at the old Spot, and the adjoining Premises, will cost £.3,000 and upwards, and the Wharf £.250, or more than will be at the White Horse- — That he thinks the Ground at the White Horse may be supplied with Water; for he would venture to say, you might put Six Pumps upon it; and as for draining, there is 13 Feet Current, which will drain a_nY thing that is wanted — That the Spring of Water rifts Six Feet below the Road, and Five Feet upon the Bowling Green — ^Two Feet higher at the Bowling Green

*T?an Level of the River — - That when he was went down to the Arm of the River, and *^e saw the Springs, oozing out of the Premises at White Horse, running down to the Branch of the Chehner, which was frozen at that Time, but the Springs were not — That he was at the old Spot, February 12th and 13th, and went each Day to it along with Mr. Hillyer, Mr. Furrer, Pump Maker, and one Mr. Barnes, a Bricklayer; and the Gaoler was in and out with them, and pointed out the Premises to him — That he saw a Pump on the old Spot, but did not try it, and another on the Grounds adjoining, but did not examine it; some of the Company laid bold of it, but could get no Water, to the belt of his Memory — That he believes there are no Springs upon the Place, according to the Nature of the Soil — That the adjoining (grounds, proposed to be purchased, lie further from the River than the Scite of the preferrt Gaol — That it is probable the further the Ground is from the River, the more proper it will be for the Foundation of a Gaol.

Being asked, In what Part of the old Spot they bored ? — he said, Down in the Garden, on the othe Side of the Gaol, and then bored higher up, where they laid the Gaol was to be built, and then bored One Hole in the Yard, where the Felons are; and found all alike, as near as possible — That the Difference between the Level of the Ground of the Front of the present Gaol, and the Garden below, is about Six Feet, in his Opinion, but did not measure it.

Being asked, Whether he calculated the Expence of making good the Foundation, in the Manner he spoke of, from his own Observations, or from the Observations of anybody else ? — he said. From his own Observations, with Mr. Phillips, Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Hillyer.

Mr. William Hillyer, being again examined, said. He had made an Estimate for carrying into Execution the Plans produced by him — That the Expence of the Gaol is £.12,784 at the White Horse, exclusive of Purchase; and the Estimate of the Assize House is £.9,704, exclusive of Purchase; and that he can find several eminent People of Credit, to execute both, and give proper Security to execute them according to his Estimate.

Being crols-examined, he was asked. What Number of Houses he intends to pull down, for carrying into Execution his Plan of the Court Houses ? — and said. He thought there are Eight little Houses or Tenements, which he values at £. 2,000, to be purchased.

Being asked. Whether he drew any Plans or made any Estimates, for improving or enlarging the present Court Houses, without pulling them down ? — he laid. He had not.

Mr. Christopher Griffenhoofe, being examined, laid. He has been Surgeon and Apothecary to the County Gaol at Chelmsford \ 5 Years, and was appointed by the Court of Quarter Sessions.

Being asked his Opinion of the Situation of the present Gaol, with respect to the Health of the Prisoners, particularly in the Felons Wards ? — he said, I think it very unhealthy, the Situation being low, damp, and frequently overflowed in the Winter — In high Floods, have known it to come under the Wicket in the Press Yard, which is within 6 or 7 Inches of the Floor where

5 I the

Essex Gaol and Shitchdufc*

Essex Gaol and Shirehoulc.

398

v

.the Felons He — During the Time I have had. the Care of the Gaol, have had, almoll every Winter, several Felons under niy Care, with Gangrenes and Mortifications — In the Year 1766 or 1767, I had Three under my Care, who died of Mortifications — And that.he apprehends, the Dampness of the Situation occasioned, or contributed to, the ill Health of the Prisoners.

Being asked his Opinion of the Situation of the WhiteHorfe for a Gaol, with respect to the Health apd Convenience of the Prisoners ? — -fie said, 1 look upon it as an open airy Situation, a good Foundation, and if a Gaol is built on the B Green, according to Mr. Hil/yer's Plan, I think the Health of the prisoners will be better preserved than in the present Situation,; for there are no Buildings, except in the Front next the Town, and a Cockpit and.Cow House on the South Side; and there are Twp Gardens between t|ie Bowling

Green and those Buildings.

Being asked, If lie thinks a Gaol, built at the White Horse, will be more likely to communicate any, in-fe&ious, Difoider that may happen to be in tIje Gaol, to the Inhabitants and Pafi'engers. in the Town of

Chelmsford, than a Gaol to be built over t he old Spot, and the Grounds adjoining? — he laid, I do not, for it will Hand 90 or 100 Yaitis. back from tire Town — The Prisoners may be carried to the X'ourt Houses Two or Three at a Time, more or lei's, as they are wanted; whereas, from the present Situation, they are obliged to be brought upon a Chain through the Heart of the Town, where Numbers of Country Peop/e flock to lee them, and attend them from the Gaol up to the Court House; so that if there was any infectious Disorder, it would be more likely to spread it-; — The Situation of the White Horse, is in a iPayt of the Town where there is very little Traffic; whereas the present Situation is the gr^eateft Traffic 1 apprehend of any in England, from fondon down to Harwich.; and also, when the Prisoners are, carried to the* Court House, they are confined in a narrow Pound, which is /qyrcely big enough to contain the Number of Prisoners that are carried up, and' the Stands round the Pound are filled with Country People — That the Number of Housekeepers in Chelmsford, exclusive of (he Hamlet of

Floulfham, he believes to be 230, or upwards.

Being cross-examined, he was a Iked; What Part of the Scite of the old Gaol he has seen overflowed ? — and said, The Yard, below the Wicket, and the Brewhouse; and, in high Floods, has seen it come under the Wicket, into the Press Yard, but never saw it in any of the Wards — That he never law Mr. or

Mr. Holmes's, Plans, but knows the Ground of the pre-

lent Situation, and also the adjoining Grounds.

Being asked, Whether, in case the Foundation of a Gaol there, is elevated 3 or Feet, he thinks it would not then be liable to any Inconvenience from Floods ? — 7 he said. He believes it would not be overflowed, but the Ground, being of a morally. Nature, would strike a Damp into the Prison; and no way eligible to build a Gaol upon — That the present Gaol is out of the Town of Chelmsford.

Being asked, Whether a Gaol in the Town would hot be a greater Nuisance and Annqyance to the Inhabitants of that Town, than one (hat stands opt of it ? — he laid, I do not think so, for the Reasons already given — That the White Horse Inn (lands dole tq the Market Place — That he thinks the Mortification, of which the three Felons died, in 1766 or .1767, was occasioned by the Water’s overflowing tipis Gaol, for this Reason — the Water soaking under $he, Wards, and the Coldness of the Season, occasioned obstructions which brought on the Mortifications — Thai he does not remember, that those Felons were Iprought from Newgate — That they bad not any Gangrenes be for? they came into the Gaol, to his Kpovyledge, Jput he doep not know whether they had or pot, that he could not say ' 2 ' -

6° M

.iA.: 1771-

Journals, &c. to be printed.

how.lopg they had beep, confined. inj the-JSad,>.before he took Notice of the Gangrenes; jbufi on the first-Attack of an Inflammation, which preceded the Mortification, he was sent. for — That a Gap], built at the White Horse, may be supplied with Water , from Knightsbridge's Spring by Pipes — 'That he had made an Observation of it, and faw-a Level taken of.it Yesterday — That Knightsbridge's Spring ts a Quarter of a 'Mile, or father better, from the Horse Inn; it is

about 100 Yards fr.om Bftrgefjis's Well, that supplies

the Town — But, there js another Spring, in a Field adjoining to the End of,.the Town, belonging to Mr. JVaUinger, which would supply the Gaol with a fufii-quent Quantity of Water.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

.to be perused by the Meipbers of the House.

Ordere4, That the Journal of, this House, from the , End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this ..present Session, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five, hundred Copies of the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment, and ynder the Direction, of John Hatfdl, Esquire,

Clerk of this House.

Ordered,.That, the 1 said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be ficented. by Mr. Speaker; and that no pth/er Person do prefome to print the fame.

Refplved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to , His Majesty, That He will be; graciously pleased to order the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hat fell, Esquire, Clerk of this. House, towards defraying (h.e E*P°ncd of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present bession, and to defray such extraordinary Expenses as ha Vie. been incurred on. Account of the printed Journals..'ofothts House ;.;and to assure JJis Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

, Refolded, That an humble Address 'be. prefen ted ito His Majesty,*That He will be graciously pleased <0 order a Sum* not exceeding Fivehundted Rounds, to be advanced to such Person. or Personsas the Speaker of this. House shall authorize to receive the same, td-wards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame;

Refdvcd, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the further $um of Six thousand Pounds to be advanced towards defraying the Expenca of printing One thousand Twohundred.and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the lame.

Refulved, That , an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two hundred and Eighty Pounds to be paid to William Francty for furnishing the New Committee Chamber, and Apartments belonging to this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordaed, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report, Which was made from the Privilege. Committee, who were appointed to examine into the kveraj Facts and Circumstances relative to the late Obr structions to the Execution of the Orders of this House, and to consider what further Proceedings may be re-qu.tfite to inforce.a due Obedience thereto; and to report then- Proceedings, together, with their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the.Printing thereof, and that Ho Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

A Message

General

Index.

ParliamentiTy

Records.

New

Committee

Chamber.

11 Geo. III.

6° Mali.

399

New

Skoreham

Election.

John Par Jons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean,

Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crawler, Thomas Pockr.ey, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, William

Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John

Bolton

inclosure

Skirbeck

inclosure.

A'Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule^. An Act Live Cavite#

-Browning: to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Provisions,

Mr. Speaker, Flesh Provisions, from Great Britain, for a'limited Time; &c'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An without any Amendment: And also.

Act to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Whje Fi&ery* Thomas Hafelgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Tho- for the better Support and EstabUlhment of the Green-

mas Snook Junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hanning- land and Whale FitViery; without any Amendment: And ton, John Robin/on, William Cheesman, George - Browne, also,

~ The Lords haVd agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elefliotm

to explain an amend an Act,’made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of . , -Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve

John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook in Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

Junior, Richard Tilftone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, 1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Highways, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Da- for widening the Highways'in that Part of Great Britain, (Scotland.)

»/<?/, William Gratwick, Nathanael Hillman, Thomas Ro-called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also.

her is, John Ashman, William Cooler, Thomas Frojl, Michael T he Lords have agreed ro the Bill, intituled, An Act Edinburgh Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrdnt, Emery ChuYcher, for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the several Streets Streets, &c. Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James-Bennett, Clement and other Passages on the South Side of the City of Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crozvter, John Barnard, Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances James -Mitchell, James Millarotherwise 'Miller, William therefrom, and preventing ' the same for the future;

.Newnham,. Jefftry Garber, Randall1 Button, Jhmes Career, without arty AmendmentAnd also,

.John Martin, John Dedman Senior ,'WiUidm J'ennbtgt, the Lords have agreed fto the Bill, intituled, An Act William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry to enlarge-Ihe Term and‘Powers of Three Acts, passed Robtnjon, and Henry Hamdnglon, from vOting lt 'Elections I in the Twelfth Year of Ring George the 'First, and the of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the prevent- - Nineteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, ing Bribery and Corruption in the-Election'ofMembefs -for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New> Shire ham, other Roads-in the County Palatine of Lancaster,-, and for in the County of Sussex-, without any Amendment: amending tire Road from the Causeway at 'Blacklow

And also, . Brow, to the Causeway leading from Prescott to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fool, and also through Lime Kiln Lane to for dividing and indosing the Common Fen, belonging ~House,-in Liverpool hforefaul'; without any Amendment: to Eoston West, in the County of Lincoln; without arty <'And hlfb, !

Amendment: And also, 1 ' The LOfds have agreed t6 ?he Bill, intjtuledj An Act BefTellieigh

The Lords have-agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act -for amending and widetring tile R6ad froth Bejftlflelgh, ,1‘rou8h

.. — u^ — c\„, t_ hr_,______________________________ D:.t: Wantage,

Sec.

Road.

Liverpool

to

Prescott, &c. Roads*

tV'i*

for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, -bekirigiHg ‘through to in this CotinTy'of Berks,

to Skirbeck Quarter,\nthe P&uihofSklrbick,’arid'Chilnty and from tVcinta^e t<s^Marl0bfough, \n the County of

of "Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

Wilts-, and from't'he Turnpike Road bcfvveen Re a din.

Thames

Fitzgerald’s

Estate.

Supplies,

&c.

Copper

Coin.

Rice.

______ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the' .....1, .

(Durham Y«rd) for enabling certain ‘Persons to leflclofe ’and embank Phft vijbon Wantage ttowns, and from thence to

Embankment. River Thomas, adjoining'to Durham Yard,' SaHf- Lam born, in the (hid County of Berks-, without any

bury Street, Cecil Street, and Beatiftih Buildings, irt the ArnerridrneiYf: Arid also,-

County of Middlesex-, without any Amendment: And - The DOrds have agreed tto the Bill, intituled1, An sinking Fund, also. Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of APof>the,0,>

The Lords have agreed to die Bill, intituled;,' An Act Money out 'OF the Sinking Fund; and for applying cer-for diverting out of the Crown, and to vest in Gerald Fitztain Monies therein mentioned* for the Service of the

Gerald, of Rathrone, in the County of Meath, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one;

Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Rever- and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in (ion in Fee, of and in several Lands in Ireland, therein this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two

The Lords have agretd to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sevenths Excise; and for enabling the Commissioners for the more effectually preventing the Counterfeiting for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s the Copper Coin of this Realm; without any Amend* Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time ment: And also, being, to pay to John Dobson, Owner of the Greenland

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ship Lord Molyneux, the Bounty due for the said Ship to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, on the last Year’s Fillicry; without any Amendment: intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Ex- , And also,

portation of Rice from East and WestFlorida, to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted, for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to by former Acts of Parliament, to Carolina and Georgia; be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And without any Amendment: And also, also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Qak Staves, to explain an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of tec. Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, inti- White Oak Staves and Heading, from the British Co-tuled. An Act giving further Encouragement for the ionics or Plantations in America; without any Amend-Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes ment: And also,

therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and Product Act to continue for a further Time, an Act, passed of America; and to explain so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in-in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King tituled. An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Gemgethe Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen em-the Importation of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, landed ployed in the Silk Manufacture; without any Amend-at certain Places therein mentioned; without any Amend- ment: And also,

ment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Vol. 33. for

Lottery.

Naral Stores.

Raw Silk,

&c.

Silk

Manufact»re.

400 6° MaA. 1771.

L»w* foe continuing several Laws for the better Regula-xpuing. |fon of Laflage and Ballastage in the River

for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite; and for the Landing of Rumor Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within Ten Miles of the Cities of Lon and as relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Coals; and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigge, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney; without any Amendment: And also,

Itleof Man The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harbour*, for repairing, amending, and supporting, the several Har-c" bours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man; without any Amendment: And also,

St. Luke The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (Middlesex) for paving and keeping m Repair, the Streets, Lanes, ft"1* and Passages, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex-, for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for widening the Passages at the West End of Chiswell Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane,

in the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendmfent: And also,

Haydon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ranDiT dtc ^or t*1c better paving, deanfing, lighting, and watch-’ ing. Hay don Square, the New Square, Hay don Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise, The Church PaJJ'age, Church Court, and Kenton Street,

., . a^d the Passages therein or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in The Mino-ries, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Brampton- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Morthen ^or dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, within the Township of Brampton-en-le-Mor-then, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Gunpoedci. Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder; and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act M*oftrijk, for establishing a House or Houses of industry, in the Hie of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment', of the Poor, belonging to the several Parishes and Places, within the said Istand; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wikefidd for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, the St-ceq, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within &e-that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the East End of Bridge,

the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengale towards East Moor-, for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Preftoo, for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, *nd Common Meadows, Commons, and Downs, in the Parishes of Preston and Stratton, in the County of Glou- ° u cqfter; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. from Greenwich

the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at Hospiul. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Report of the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, of what MoOey has been received out of the Rents and Profits of the Derwentwater Estate, between xft of 1769 and

30th of November 1770, and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

In

11 Geo. Ill

6° Mail.

401

In obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at , to contract and

agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for the finishing and completing, in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty and ' both Houses of Parliament respectively j

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital Do humbly REPORT as followethj

There has been received, between the ift of December 1769, and the 30th November 1770, out of the Rents

and Profits of the Estate; viz.

On Account of Annual Rents Lead Mines -

As to the Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

c

£. s. d. 11,923 1 4

5>376 18 8

17,300 o o

At the new Infirmary,

Building Walls to inclose the Drying Grounds, putting Iron Rails and Gates to the North-East and South Fence Walls, gravelling the Walks and Courts; which Works have been brought to Account, and amount to the Sum of-- ——

808 5 8

At the South-West Pavision of King s Building,

Taking down Part of the old Building, and digging the Foundation for the new Building, and bringing up the Walls to the Top of the Floor over the Cellars; which amounts to the Sum of ——

684 11 7

Ordinary Works; viz.

Repairs in the several Wards, Officers Apartments, Brewhouse, Brewing Vessels, Sewers, Drains, Pipes, Walks, Courts, Roads, and other necessary Works, for the Service of the Hospital, amounts to the Sum of ——

N. B. There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money anting from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the 1st December 1769 and 30th November 1770, on Account of Repairs ——

3*475 9 a

4,968 6 5

£. s. d.

514 4 8

By Order of the Commissioners,

1 May 1771.. Jn° Ibbeifon.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Committee, appointed, upon Thursday the 28th Day of March last, to enquire into the Causes and Occasions of the Riots and Tumults of the ' Persons who assembled on several Days, in the Avenues leading to this House, and attacked the Persons of the Members coming to attend their Duty in Parlia-Vot. 33. *

ment, do report to the House, at their next Meeting, what Progress they have made in the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wooton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Basset the Electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Par- new W:,t

5 K liament

i *

1

403 6* — 8 a Mail.1771.

liament for the Borough of Wool on Basset, in the County That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to shafid

of Wilts, in the room of the honourable Henry Si. John, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for new V

who, since his Election for the said* Borough, hath ac- the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

cepted the Office of One of the Grooms of His Majesty’s ment for the Borough of , in the County of

Bedchamber. Dorset, in the room of Sir Ralph , Knight of the

Mod honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office Morning next. Ten of the Clock. of Governor of the Leeward Islands.

Mercurii, 8° Maii;

Anno 11" €eorgii III*11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Chaplain. Ti yCR. Treasurer of the Household reported to the JVjL House, That their Address of the 30th

Day of April last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor King, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to say, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor King, Chaplain to this House, as is desired.

Journal*, Mr. Treasurer of the Household reported to the &c* House, That their Addresses of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatjell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been incurred oft Account of the printed Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; and all'o, a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, to* wards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty,' that this House will make good the fame; and also, the further Sum of Six thousand Pounds, to be advanced towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think lit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; and also, the Sum of Two hundred and Eighty Pounds to be paid to William France, for furnishing the New Committee Chamber, and Apartments belonging to this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

New Sarum Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to new Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the honourable Edward Bouverie, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks,

Orford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to new writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Edward Coleman, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Gentleman Ulher to His Majesty.

8

Mr. Seymour reported from the Committee, appointed, Privile upon Thursday the 28th Day of March last, to esquire

into the Causes and Occasions of the Riots and Tumults of the Persons who assembled on several Days, in the Avenues leading to this House, and attacked the Persons of the Members coming to attend their Duty in Parliament; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had directed him to report a State of the Evidence to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Saunders Welsh, Esquire, a Justice of the Peace, said.

He attended at the House, on Wednesday the 27th of March, when the Mob was very disorderly, hooting and applauding the Members alternately — That he attentively examined the Mob, but did not know any one Person; from whence he conjectures that they came from the Eastern Part of the Town — That there appeared to be Management in their Disposition, being drawn up 8 or 10 deep; and the Pelting came from those in the hindermost Ranks, who were concealed by . the Persons in Front — That the Magistrates made Use of both Threats and Persuasions to disperse the Mob, but without any Effect; nor was any Impression made, till some Gentlemen came down with the Sheriffs; upon whose Interposition great Numbers of the Mob went away, and all was tolerably quiet during the Remainder of the Day — That he saw no other Act of Violence but pelting with Dirt, norobserved any Person particularly active, except a tall Man in White, and a short Man dressed in Blue, who appeared to be Directors of the Mob; but they flood in a Place where it was almost impossible to come at them — That one Man was taken up on the Steps of the Court of King’s Bench, who was brought afterwards to Guildhall, and committed to the Gate-house.

That he thinks Four Fifths of them went away when the Sheriffs came down; but that he did not fee any particular Signal for their Departure.

That he knows of no Liquor or Provisions carried to the Mob; but there was some Bread and Cheese and Beer given to the Constables.

That there are but 80 Constables for the City and Liberty of Westminster, who are appointed by the Deputy High Steward and Burgesses; and that People of the better Sort usually hire Men of mean Condition to officiate for them — That he thinks the Number of Constables insufficient; and that it is impossible to collect . the whole Number together; but it would be more easy to collect them, if they were not suffered to hire Deputies.

That there was an Execution at Tyburn on the 27th of March, which he looked upon as an unfortunate Circumstance, many of the Mob coming from thence to Westminster — That the Constables came likewise from Tyburn, and complained of the Hardness of their Duty; and that he thinks an additional Number of Constables will tend to the Preservation of the Peace.

Charles Marsh, Esquire, another Justice of the Peace,

confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Welsh, except that he said, he could not observe any thing like Discipline among the Mob. And,

William Keeling, Esquire, confirmed Mr. s Evidence in every Particular.

Mr. Sampson Rainsjord, High Costable of Westminster, said, That he attended the House on the Days '

above

11 Geo. III. 8° Maii. 403

above mentioned; and confirmed the above Evidence, Coat, who seemed very active, jumping about in the in regard to the riotous Proceedings of the Mob: And Mob, but knows neither his Name or Person — That, added. That seeing a great Buille, he enquired the afterwards, in the Palace Yard, he (aw this Man again, Cause, and was informed that the Mob wdre using and observed, when he waved his Hat, Stones were thrown Lord North ill — That he went up with his Silver Staff, from behind, but none from the Front — That the Man’s and found Lord North on one Knee; and saw much Coat was bad, but that the Witness observed, his Linen Dirt thrown at his Carriage — That he went to.his Assist- appeared better than was suitable to his outward Ap-ance, and the Door being opened, Lord North got into pearance; that he was within Four or Five Yards of a Room; but that he was too anxious for his Preserva- him: That he waved his Hat Three Times, and Stones tion to make any Observation of particular Persons — and Gravel were thrown from behind at each Time j at That One Man was taken, who had (truck Two Con- fird, a very small Quantity, but that the most was (tables — That the Mob was very outrageous, and thrown at the lad Signal — That he (aw no Stones threatened to pull down the House, if the Prisoner was thrown before he waved his Hat, nor heard him (peak, not delivered to them j notwithstanding which, he was except, that being asked What he wanted ? — he said, committed to the Gatehouse, and afterwards bailed — D — m you, we want our Lord Mayor.

That he saw no Violence offered to any Member but Being asked, Why he did not tell the Justices at the Lord North , and that one tioufely was apprehended for Guildhall of the Information he had received the Night having a Piece of Lord North’s Hat, but afterwards before ? — he said, He did not believe it, and was discharged; and one Manning, a Shoemaker, is now in unwilling to give an Alarm — And being a(ked, Why, in Prison, but does not know any particular Fast. the fird Indance, he chose to alarm a Secretary of State,

That he made it the Object of his Attention to find and not afterwards to mention it to his Brother Justices ? out if the Mob were under the Discipline of any parti- — he said, Sir John , being Chairman, and hear-

cular Leaders, but could fee nothing like it; and ing no Reports had been made at Lord Rockford's Office, . thinks he should have discovered it, had there been any he mentioned it only to Mr. Keeling, a Justice of Peace, such Thing — That the Hidings and Shouts were gene- who thought it better to give no Alarm, ral, from whence he presumes the Members Names were Having said, That, in his Opinion, the Man in the told by Somebody; but he (aw no Signal. white Coat, beforementioned, was criminal to a certain

That he had no Reason to think, from any thing Degree in this Riot; he was asked. Why he did not that occurred before, at, or after, the Riots, that any apprehend him, when he was near enough to him to Magistrate of the City of London was directly or indirectly didinguifti his Linen ? — he said, It was impossible to get concerned in procuring or abetting the 'Riots, but near enough to him; and that they looked upon it entirely the Reverse — That Mr. Martin and Mr. Baker, that their Lives were in Danger — That he looked upon the Two Sheriffs, appeared to be exceedingly concerned this Mob as differently condituted from any other he for the Riot, and, together with some Members of the had seen, as they pelted upon this Man’s waving his Hat; House, applied to the Magistrates for more Peace Offi- that the Third waving was a general Signal, and the cers — That Mr. Welsh was of Opinion no more could Justices then came directly in — That he was a tall Man; be made; but the Witness was of a contrary Opinion; in but that a short Man in the Mob could not fee him wave Support of which, he indanced Sir John Fielding having his Hat; but his only Reason for thinking it a disci-short Staves in his Cudody for occasional Condables: plined Mob, was the Behaviour of this Man.

Upon which the Sheriffs said. If you’ll procure us some That he heard the Carriage, without Horses, was good Men, we will take upon us to make Peace Offi- Alderman Wilkes's; but he saw Nobody in the Careers; and Twelve or Fourteen Men were appointed ac- riage, nor saw any thing particular in regard to the cordingly — That the Sheriffs used every Method in their Lord Mayor’s Coach.

Power to dissuade the Mob from Violence — That Mr. That when the Sheriffs and Gentlemen came from the Baker expodulated with them in the Midd of the Crowd, House of Commons, they dispersed the Mob; and he and used every Argument with them to disperse, as well did not observe them to be afraid of their Persons — by kind Invitations, as by representing their Proceed- and that they were not pelted.

ings disagreeable to all Order, and contrary to Law. Being asked, Whether their attempting to read the

That the Witness, neither before nor since this Af- Riot Act was not the Occasion of the Mob throwing fair, knows any thing of any Means used for procuring Stones ? — he said. They threw Stones before it was this Mob — That he saw no Provisions or Drink given attempted to be read — That he believes it was after the to the Mob; and that he had since ordered the Con- Second Volley of Stones that the Act was attempted to fiables in the Neighbourhood to enquire if any Houses be read, whereupon the Mob thtyw more Stones, and had been opened for their Entertainment, and was in- the Magistrates went in — That be thinks the threaten-formed they could not find that any such Thing had ing to read the Riot Act, an unlikely Method to quiet been done; and that all the Provisions he saw was some the People; and wishes it were otherwise. which he ordered for the Refreshment of the Con- Being asked, Whether the Alarm for their Magi-dables. drates might not be a Reason for the People coming

David Wtlmot, Esquire, Justice of the Peace for down ? — he said, He thought the printed Bills brought the County of Middlesex, informed Your Committee, many down; and he looked upon it to be a designed That one Daniel Clarke, a Weaver, came to his House Mob, by the Appearance of this tall Man. about iz o’Clock at Night, on Tuesday the 26th of Being asked, Why the Justices and Condables, look-March, and told his Servant that 500 People would ing upon this Man as the capital Offender, took no Me-appear the next Day at the House of Commons with thods to find out his Name, by dodging him, or in any Fire Arms — That he did not get up, because he did not other Manner ? — he said. They enquired among the believe the Man; but, on going to the Coffee House Officers, who said, they had seen him, but did not next Morning, he found Hand Bills delivered, acquaint- know any thing of him — That it was certainly the ing the Public, That the Lord Mayor was to come that Duty of a Justice of Peace, or Condable, to seize this' Day to the House; upon which he went to Lord Roch- Man; and that Mr. Keeling and the Witness had de-Jord’s Office, acquainted his Lordship with what he had signed to do it, but would not speak to the Condables heard; but added, that he gave no Credit to the Man; for fear of having it divulged; but Sir William Steven-from thence he came to the Guildhall at Westminster, son’s Carriage drawing up, a Confusion. ensued, the where he found the red of the Magistrates attending Man withdrew, and he never saw him afterwards — That.

— That a great Mob assembled, and he saw a Car- from the Time of his fird observing this Man to be riage drawn without Horses, and was told, Alderman active, to his fird waving his Hat, might be Five Mi-Wilkes was in in; that he saw a tall Man in a white nutes-r-That if they had taken hold of him before the Vot. 33. Pelting %

Arundel

New

Writ.

404 8° Ma 1771

Pelting began, lie believes they shoulJ have risqued their Lives; but it is certainly the Duty of a Magistrate to risque his Life upon such an Occasion; and Mr. Keeling and the Witness had determined to seize him, and should have done it, but for Sir William venfon's Carriage coming up — That he has certainly no Reason to apprehend, that any Magistrate of the City of London, or other Person, were concerned in encouraging these Riots, except it was true that Alderman Wilkes was drawn down without Horses; which he thinks caused the Mob — That lie was not in Palace Yard before Alderman Wilkes's Carriage appeared, nor does he know whether he set out from the Mansion House without Horses.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into the Dispersion of the Hand Bills: And,

Anthony Wrangham, a Stationer, who disperses News-

papers, being examined, said, He knew nothing of the Distributirtn of Hand Bills.

Rice Williams, Newlman in Street, Covent

den, laid, He law a Hand Bill in his Shop; but he was lure none were dispersed in his Papers, because he folded them all up, and delivered them himself; and he enquired of his Servants, whether Anybody had been there to put in any Bills, and they said Nobody had.

Edward Langaridge, a Porter at the Temple Gate, said. That he had about 200 Hand Bills to attend my Lord Mayor upon his Return — That he does not know the Man from whom he received them — That he met him in Saint Paul’s Church Yard, and gave him Two Shillings for delivering the m; which he did to Anybody he met: That he has seen the Man since, but had no Conversation with him — That he was a thin Man, appeared in a good plain Dress of Second Mourning.

John Stevens, a Temple Porter, said. That he only delivered Hand Bills, the 29th of March, for the London Packet, and no other.

Mr. John Jackson, a Constable, said, he attended the Houl'c of Commons on the 25th of March, and was the Person who Michael Keys struck, who was afterwards apprehended by One of the Constables, and carried into the Lobby, and then to the Guildhall — That the Witness took no Notice of Keys when he struck him, but striking another Constable, he was then taken into Custody; but knows nothing of any Ringleader.

William Lawrence, a Constable, said, That attending his Duty, on the Day Lord North was assaulted, a Man struck a Constable; upon which the Witness said, Why don’t you take him into Custody ? upon which he struck the Witness, who upon that took him into Custody; but he knows nothing of any Ringleader.

Peter Stenhouse,a Constable of Covent Garden Parish,

said, he attended the Parliament House on the 28th of March, when His Majesty came to the House of Peers — That they took a Man into Custody about Two o’clock, in Parliament Street, for crying out, " No " Lord Mayor, no King," while His Majesty was passing by — That they took him before Sir John Fielding, and the Witness indicted him at the last Quarter Session, but the Bill was not found — That he laid no other Charge against him than that of making a Noise, and hilling the King; and he did not perceive any Person particularly active in the Mob.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be printed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned for Half jin Hour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Suf-

Jex, in the Room of LauchlinMacleane, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, De/borough, and in the County of Buckingham.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carts, Carriages, Loaded Horses, Pedlars, Tinkers, and Petty Chapmen; and for filling up of Coal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nuisances, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-neux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black liod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sevent)>one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise; and for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay to John Dobson, Owner of the Greenland Ship Lord Molyneux, the Bounty due for the said Ship, on the last Year’s Fishery:

An Act for repairing, amending, and supporting, the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the ljle of Man:

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves and Heading, from the British Colonies or Plantations in America:

An Act for continuing several Laws, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames; for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, as relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Coals; and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigge, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament:

An Act to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles nington, Thomas Hafelgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Par-fons, Thomas Snook Junior, Thomas Hanning:on John Hannington, John Robinson, William George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Croze -ter, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John

Whiting,

Carters,

Carts, Slc. (Scotland.)

Royal

Assent

to

Bills.

11 Geo. III. 8° Mali. 405

Whiting., William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, to the several Parities and Places within the said John Hogsflejh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, Island:

John Snook Junior, Richard Tilftone, William Turner, An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleans*

Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John ing, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathanael Hill- within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County man, Thomas Roberts, John Afiiman, William Cooter, of York, which lies within the East End of Wefigate 'Thomas Frofi, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North Dim-ant, Emery Churcher, Wliter Broad, Richard Stone- End of Kirkgate Bridge (except so much thereof as is ham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, repaired by the West Riding of the said County of Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wake-Miliar otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery field aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards Eafi Moor; Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein j and John Dedman Senior, William Jennings, William Hards, for widening and rendering the same more coramo-Thomas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry Robinson, and dious:

Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and watching, Haydon Square, The New Square, Haydon and Corruption in the Election of Members to lerve in Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the otherwise the Church Church Court, and Kenton

County of Suffer: Street, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in

An Act for the better Support and Establishment of the Parish of Trinity otherwise Holy Trinity, in The Mi-’ the Greenland and Whale Fishery: nories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, His Majesty’s Tower of London, and for other Purposes and other Flesh Provisions, from Great Britain, for a therein mentioned:

limited Time: An Act for paving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets,

An Act to explain an Act, made in the Eighth Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George County of Middlesex, for removing Obstructions and the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encourage- Annoyances therein; and for widening the Passages at ment for fne Importation of Naval Stores, and for the West End of Chiswell Street, and at the South End other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates of Brick Lane, in the said Parish} and for other Pur-, to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the poses therein mentioned:

Growth and Product of America-, and to explain so An Act for amending and widening the Road from much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of through to in the Coun-

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, ty of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade County of Wilts-, and from the Turnpike Road between into the Levant Seas, as relates to the Importation of Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, landed at certain Places Old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence therein mentioned: to Lamborn, in the said County of Berks:

An Act for the more effectually preventing the coun- An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three terfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm: Acts, passed in the 12 th Year of King George the First,

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of and the 19th and 26th Years of his late Majesty, for re-Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Li- pairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescott, and other berty in the Exportation of Rice from Eafi and West Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for Florida, to the Southward of Cape Finisterrein Europe, amending the Road from the Causeway at Blacklow Brow,

as is granted by former Acts of Parliament, to Carolina to the Causeway leading from Prescott to Liverpool, and and Georgia: also through Lime Kiln Lane to Ranelagh House, in Liver-

An Act for reducing into One Act of Parliament the pool aforesaid: several Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, Gunpowder; and for more effectually preventing Mif- several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Heredita-chiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great ments, in the County of Southampton, the Estate of Quantities: the Molt noble William Henry Duke of Port-

An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, passed land, upon Trull to sell the same, and to apply the in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inti- Money to arise by Sale thereof in Manner therein men-tuled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign tioned:

Wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time; and for An Act for vesting the Manor, Capital Messuage, Barpreventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen eiii- ton Farm, and Demef'ne Lands of Cadhay, situate in Otteiy ployed in the Silk Manufacture: Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, Part of the settled

An Act for widening the Highways in that Part of Estate of Sir Booth Williams, Baronet, in Trustees, to be Great Britain called Scotland: fold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale

An Act fordivefling out of the Crown, and to vest in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to in Gerald Fitz Gerald, of Rathrone, in the County of be settled to the same Uses which are now subsisting Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his with regard to the said settled Estate:

Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in several Lands in An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution Ireland, therein mentioned: an Agreement, dated the 23d Day of June 1770, between

An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Humphrey Minchin, Esquire, and George Clive, Esquire, several Streets and other Passages on the South Side of and for veiling certain Estates, in the County of Tippe-the City of Edinburgh-, and for removing Nuisances and rary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in certain Trustees, Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the and their Heirs, for that Purpose: future: An Act for vesting certain Messuages in the Strand,

An Act for enabling certain Persons to inclose and in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate embank Part of the River Thames, adjoining to Durham of James Theobald, Esquire, in Trustees, to be con-Yard, Salisbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings, veyed to James Adam, Esquire, and for laying out in the County of Middlesex: the Purchase Money in Lands, to be settled to the

An Act for establishing a House or Houses of In« Uses to which the said settled Estate do now Hand dustry, in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Main- limited:

tenance, and Employment, of the Poor, belonging An Act for vesting the Copyhold Estate of Richard Vol. 33. 5 L Maddock,

406 8° Mail — 23 0 Julii — 1 . 1771.

Maddock, Gentleman, deceased, situate at in

the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging the Principal Money and Interest due upon a Mortgage thereof, and of certain Freehold Estates of the said Richard Maddock, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Downs, in the Parishes of Preston and , in the County of

GloUceJier:'

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, belonging to Boston West, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of Skirbeck, and County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Brampton-en-fe-Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for naturalizing Carften Dirs and Jacob

Glojlein.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth j' viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

As the State of Public Business no longer requires your Attendance, I think it right, at this Season of the Year, to put an End to the present Session of Parliament.

The Satisfaction I have obtained from his Catholic Majesty, for the Injury I had received, together with the Proofs which the Courts of France and Spain have given Me, by laying aside their Armaments, of their sincere Disposition to preserve the general Tranquillity of Europe, have enabled Me to reduce My Forces by Sea and Land. The Zeal with which you exerted yourselves, upon the Apprehension of a Rupture with Spain, mull convince the World of your affectionate Attachment to Me, and of your constant Regard for the true Interests of your Country. On that Support I shall always rely for the Defence of My Honour, and for the Security of the Rights of My People.

With regard to the Troubles which still agitate some Parts of the Continent, My Endeavours have never been wanting to bring them to an Endj and in those Endeavours, you may be allured, I shall persevere.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

It was with real Concern that I found Myself called upon, by the Situation of Public Affairs, to alk of My faithful Commons more than ordinary Supplies for the Service of the current Year; and I cannot sufficiently thank you for the Unanimity, Chearful-ness, and Public Spirit, with which they have been granted.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

While we acknowledge the Goodness of Divine Providence, in preserving Us from those Calamities with which some Parts of Europe have been afflicted, let Me exhort you to employ your bell Endeavours, in your several Stations and Countries, to render the national Happiness complete, by discouraging and supprelfing all groundlels Suspicions, and domestic Disturbances. 1 have no other Object, and I can have no other Interest, than to reign in the Hearts of a free and happy People: And it is My earnest Wilh, that My Subjects may not be prevented, by any Mistakes, or Animosities amongil themselves, from enjoying, in the fullest Extent, the Blelfings of a mild and legal Government. The Support of Our excellent Constitution is Our common Duty and Interest: By that Standard I would wish My People to try all Public

Principles and Professions; and to look upon those as their most dangerous Enemies, who, under any Pretence whatsoever, would persuade them to violate those Laws, and undermine that Authority, which the Constitution has provided for the Purpose of preserving the general Liberty and Happiness.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the 23d Day of July next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the 23d Day of July next.

Martis,2 3* "Julii;

Anno ii° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1771.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation j

A Message was brought from the: Lords, by Mr. Shtarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the ift Day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the ift Day of October next.

Martis, 1* di;

Anno n* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1771.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the 26th Day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 26th Day of November next.

Prorogation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

i2 Geo. Ill

26° Novembris. 407

Martis, 26® die Novembris;

Anno i2° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1771.

rogation.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Pro-rogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the 21st Day of January next-, and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until ‘Tuesday the 21st Day of January next.

4

Voi.

Message to attend His Majesty.

_ Writs lifted in Recess.

4°9

JOURNALS

OF THE

H O U S E f COMMONS.

Self. 1772.

Martis, 210 dJanuarii;

Anno 12® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772.

AMeflage from His Majesty, by Sir Francis lyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

A Member present, and several Members returned Members upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and tub- fworo* scribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members as are, by Law, required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath, accordingly.

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned:

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in Purfu-ance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for " the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the " room of such Members as shall die during the Recess " of Parliament," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz.for the Borough of Cajile Rising, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Jennifon Shafto, Esquire; for the County of , in the

room of 'Thomas Morgan, Esquire; for the Borough of

Montgomery, in the County of , in the room

of Richard Clive, Esquire; for the County of Lancaster, in the room of the Right honourable fames Smith Stanley, commonly called Lord Strange; for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of , in the room of

Francis Holburne, Esquire; for the Borough of Bridge-

north, in the County of Salop, in the room of William Whitmore, Esquire; for the Borough of Brack/ey, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Robert Wood, Esquire; for the Borough of ,in the County of

Cornwall, in the foom of Fane Wtliiam Sharpe, Esquire; for the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir John Rous, Baronet; for the Borough of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the honourable Thomas Howe-, and for the District of Burghs of Peebles, Linlithgow, Selkirk, and Lanerk, in the room of James Dickson, Esquire.

Vol. 33.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Outlawries, was read the First Time. Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended The King’ His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

v

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It gives Me much Satisfaction, that nothing in the Situation of Our Affairs, either Foreign or Domestic, has obliged Me to require your Attendance earlier than might have been confident with your private Convenience; and that, now you are met together, you will find yourselves at Liberty to give your whole Attention to the Establishment of wife and useful Regulations of Law, and to the Extension of our Commercial Advan- -tages.

The Performance of the Engagement of the King of Spain, in the Restitution of Port Egmont and Falkland's Island, and the repeated Assurances I have received of the pacific Disposition of that Court, as well as of other Powers, pro'mise to My Subjects the Continuance of Peace: And We may, with the greater Confidence, hope, that We shall not be disturbed in the Enjoyment of this Blessing; as there is no Reason to apprehend that We shall become involved in the Troubles which dill unhappily prevail in one Part of Europe.

The Danger of the farther spreading of the infectious Sickness in Europe is, I trust, very much abated: But I mull recommend it to you, not to suffer Our Happi-

5 M nets.

410 21 JanuariiA. 1774,

ness, in having been hitherto preserved from so dreadful a Calamity, to lessen yo»K Vigilance in the Use of e*ery reasonabl* Precaution fof Our Safety.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the Service of the current Year to be laid before you. I make no Doubt but you will fee the Propriety of maintaining a respectable Establishment of My Naval Forces. I am pleased, however, to find, that 1 shall be under no Necessity of asking of you, at this Time, any extraordinary Aid.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Concerns of this Country are so various and ex»-tensive, as to require the most vigilant and active Attention; and some of them, as wellfrom Remoteness of Place as from other Circumstances, are so peculiarly liable to Abuses, and exposed to Danger, that the Interposition of the Legislature, for their Protection, may become necessary. If in any such Instances, either for supplying Defects, or remedying Abuses, you shall find it requisite to provide any new Laws, you may depend upon My ready Concurrence, in whatever may best coo-tribute to the Attainment of those salutary Ends.

Refolotion Refdved, That an humble Address be presented to His for Address. Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne:

To offer our Congratulations to His Majesty, on the Birth of another Prince, and on the happy Recovery of the Queen ;who is still more endeared to this Nation by every new Pledge of Security for the Happiness we enjoy under His Majesty’s auspicious Government, as well as by Her own amiable Virtues:

To return His Majesty our Thanks for His gracious Communication of the Assurances He has received from the King of Spain, as well as from other Powers, of their Disposition to maintain the public Tranquillity; and to declare our Satisfaction at the fair Prospect which those Assurances, and the Performance of his Catholic Majesty’s Engagement, by the Restitution of Port Egmont and Falkland's Island, afford His Majesty’s Subjects of the Continuance of Peace; at the same Time, expressing our Confidence, that the Respect derived to this Nation, by the Moderation and Firmness of His Majesty’s Conduit, will continue to preserve His Majesty’s Dominions from the Calamities of War, which still unhappily prevail in the distant Parts of Europe:

To acknowledge His Majesty’s paternal Care, in the Precautions He has taken to preserve this Kingdom from the infectious Sickness with which We have of late been alarmed; and though we have the Satisfaction to find, that, by the Blessing of Providence, the Danger of its spreading is now ditninished, wc will not be negligent, on our Part, in taking such Measures as may, from Time to Time, appear best calculated to secure this Nation from the Visitation of so dreadful an Evil:

That His Majesty’s faithful Commons will chearfully grant to His Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Service of the current Year; and will be careful to make l'ufficient Provision for the Establishment of a respectable Naval Force, on which, they are truly sensible, the Security, as well as the Importance, of this Nation must ever principally depend:

To allure His Majesty, that we will not fail, during this Season of Tranquillity, to employ our Time in making such Provisions as may be found necessary for the Improvement of our Laws, and the Extension of our Commerce; and that we will give the most vigilant and active Attention to those important 'Concerns recommended to us by His Majesty; and wherever it shall be found that, with respect to any of these, either from the Remoteness of their Situation from the Seat of Government, or from other Circumstances, such Abuses

Z

prevail asexpose them to Danger, we shall think it our Duty t# endeavour, bf every Regulation in Powers to wm*dy those Evils, which may, in their Confe-quepces, so essentially affect the Interest and tfonour of this Country.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And ? Committee was appointed of Lord brooik, Mr. Vane, Lord North, Mr. Dyjon, Mr. Ellis,

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Lord Clare, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fuller, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Whitworth, or any Five of them: 4nd ' thef

are to withdraw immediately into the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ly»» Rtp, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of the Right honourable John Fane commonly called Lord Burgherfh, now Earl of land, called up to the House ot Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Argyll the Clerk of die Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Argyll, in the room of Robert Campbell, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Receiver General and Cashierof His Majesty’s Customs, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Soothamptoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ

the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Henley, commonly called Lord Henley, now Earl of Northington, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lancatttr the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ^r‘‘* the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Lancaster, in the room of the Right honourable Archibald Hamilton, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Raft Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cattle Rising the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Castle Rising, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Thomas W Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads,

Gates, and Bridges, and Conductor, or Guide, of His Royal Person, in all the Royal Progresses.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, in the room of William Fitzherbert, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wallingford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wru-the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, in the room of Robert Pigot, Esquire, who,

since

Preacher ap-jpointed for the 30th January.

Plymouth

Paring.

Brecon

Writ.

North

Crawley

lndofure.

t2 Geo. III. 2i6 — 22°

since his Election for- the said Borough, hath accepted, the Office of Warden of His Majesty’s Mint.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor , Prin-

cipal of St. Mary Hall, in the University of Oxford, be desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant January: And that Mr. Page and Sir Roger Newdigate do acquaint him therewith,

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and other Commissioners for executing an Act of Parliament, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, together with the principal and other Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act hath in many respects been found inconvenient and defective; and that Difficulties have attended carrying the same into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, the said Act, in order to prevent for the future such Inconvenience, and to remove such Difficulties as at present it labours under.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Barrington, Mr. Robinfou, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and nave Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brecon, in the County of Brecon, in the room of John Morgan, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of dred, in the County of Berks.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Januarii. 411

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Drake, Mr. Hopkins, and Mr. Hanmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Samuel Jeq Was prefeftted to Jfqoigr’i the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nat. given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes and Mr. Hanmer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu- Chatham, tion Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from that Part of Chatham which lies next the City of Rochester, to Saint Dun-fan's Crtfs, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and of several other Gentlemen of that Part of the said County, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which, with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied; and that there is now owing, on the Credit of the said Acts, the Sum of £. 700, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted are continued and enlarged; and rc-presenting to the House, that the Road branching out of, and leading from, the said Road, at or near a Place called Makenade1 Corner, over Old Wives to Bay-

barn Cross and Shalmsford Lane Eud, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, and for making such Provision therein for repairing the said last mentioned Road, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine: the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr* Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lent for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mercurii, 2 2* die;

Anno i2° Georgii III1,1 Regis, 1772. Praters.

A Petition of William Lowndes Stone, Esquire, Lord of the Manors of North Crawley, in the County of Bucks, the Reverend 'Thomas Lowndes, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of North Crawley aforesaid, and of several other Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Manors and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors and Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners and others, according to their respective Interests therein, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

VOL. 33.

A Petition of John Henry Gentil, was presented to the Gentil* ] House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to Nat. bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir Francis Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Francis Darius Laudumiey, was pre- Laudumiey’s fented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave N«. may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir Francis Vincent do pr®-pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Diederich Meyerhof ',was presented to Meyerhoff* the House, and read: Praying, That Leave may be Nat-given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir Francis Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition

412

22° Januarii.

A.

1772

Rive and Menct’t Nat.

A Petition of Petr De La Rive and Francis

Menet, was presentcti to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles IVhiiworth and Sir Francis Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Irish Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Quantities of Irish Beef, Pork, and Butter, imported into London, from the tft Day of October 1770 to the 1 ft Day of December 1771.

Ditto

(Norwich.)

Com, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Grain, &c. next, resolve itfeJf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extradion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common Council, Guardians of the Poor, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if an immediate Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, and other Necefiaries of Life, should be allowed, it would be productive of the greatest Distresses and most alarming Consequences: And therefore praying, That the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and Malt, may be further prohibited for a limited Time; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Salted Beef, Pork, tcc.

Address on King’a Speech.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,. Bacon, and Butter, from the Rrilish Dominions in America, for a limited Time: And that Sir Joseph Maw-bey, Mr. Alderman Trecothick, and Mr. Alderman Crosby, do prepare, and bring in, the *fame.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

It is with unfeigned Joy we beg Leave to offer to Your Majesty our Congratulations on the Birth of another Prince, and on the happy Recovery of the Queen; who is still more endeared to this Nation by every new Pledge of Security for the Happiness we enjoy under Your Majesty’s auspicious Government, as well as by Her Majesty’s amiable Virtues.

We return Your Majesty our warmest Thanks, for Your gracious Communication of the Assurances Your Majesty has received from the King of Spain, as well

as from other Powers, of their Disposition to maintain the Public Tranquillity; and we cannot but feel the greatest Satisfaction at the fair Pro!pert which those Assurances, and the Performance of his Catholick Majesty’s Engagement, by the Restitution of Port Egmont and Falkland's Island, afford Your Majesty’s Subjects of the Continuance of Peace: At the same Time, we have the greatest Confidence, that the Respect derived to this Nation, from the Moderation and Firmncfs of Your Majesty’s Conduct, will continue to preserve Your Majesty’s Dominions from the Calamities of War, which still unhappily prevail in the distant Parts of Europe.

We acknowledge with Gratitude Your Majesty’s paternal Care, in the Precautions Your Majesty has taken to preserve this Kingdom from the infectious Sickness with which we have of late been alarmed; and though we have the Satisfaction to find, that, by the Blessing of Providence, the Danger of its spreading is now diminished, we will not be negligent, on our Part, in taking such Measures as may, from Time to Time, appear bell calculated to secure this Nation from the Visitation of so dreadful an Evil.

Your Majesty’s faithful Commons will chearfully grant to Your Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Service of the current Year; and we will be careful to make sufficient Provision for the Establishment of a respectable Naval Force, on which, we are truly sensible, the Security, as well as the Importance, of this Nation must ever principally depend.

We assure Your Majesty, that we will not fail, during thisSeafon of Tranquillity, to employ our Time in making such Provisions as may be found necessary for the Improvement of our Laws, and the Extension of our Commerce: And Your Majesty may rely on our vigilant and active Attention to those important Concerns recommended to us by Your Majesty; and wherever it shall be found, that, with respect to any of these, either from the Remoteness of their Situation from the Seat of Government, or from other Circumstances, such Abuses prevail as expose them to Danger, we shall think it our Duty to endeavour, by every Regulation in our Power, to remedy those Evils, which may, in their Consequences, so essentially affect the Interest and Honour of this Country.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as- are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That a Message be Congratula-sent to the Queen, with the Congratulations of this tioni to Her House, on Her Majesty’s happy Delivery, and the Birth of another Prince; and to renew the most hearty Assurances of the dutiful Attachment of this House to Her Majesty, and of the sincere Part they take in an Event, which, at the same Time that it increases Her domestic Felicity, gives an additional Stability to the Blessings this Nation has derived from the auspicious Government of His Majesty’s most illustrious Family.

Ordered, That Lord Robert Spencer, Mr. Dillon, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Vane, Mr. Charles Townshend, and

Mr. Byrne, do attend Her Majesty, with the said Message.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tuef-day the 25th Day of February next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend,

be

Call of the House.

12 Geo. III. 22° Jdnudrii.413

be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Conu&utee*. every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Tkurjday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap-of pointed:

Privilege*. And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Lowndes, Mr- Rice, Sir William , Mr.

Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Burke, Lord John Sir Alexander Gi/mour, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Ellis, Lord , Colonel

Luttrell, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Coxe, Colonel Barre, Mr. Gajcoyne, Mr. Webb, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Admi-

ral Pye, Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Robert Spencer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cooper, Mr. , Sir Gilbert Elliott, Lord North, M r. , Mr. Dempster,

Mr. Serjeant. Glynn, Mr. Legh, Mr. Fox, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Pulteney, Lord Wenman, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Sir

Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Brickdale, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Rigby: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the

Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing shall come in question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

tJAial Order*. Ordered, That all Persons wh<5 will question any Re-

turns of Members to serve in Parliament do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days^iext after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who are returned for Two or more Places do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Vol. 33.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same isdeclared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber, every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be. made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster , and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

5 N Ordered,

414 22° — 230 Januarii. A. 1772.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as (hair presume todilobeythe Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or feme other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the feme, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Vote*. Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

Private Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Petition*, private Bills after the 29th Day of February next.

His Majesty’* Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to Speech, both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration , Tomorrow Morning.

Liverpool A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, tec. Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabi-CaoaL tants of the Towns of Liverpool, Wigan, and other Parts of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be made, from the said Town of Liverpool, through the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Liverpool, Ever ton, Kirkdale, Walton on the Hill, West Derby, Roby, Huy ton, Whifton, Tar buck. Grant on, Widnes, Appleton,

Cuerdley, Bold, Burtonwood, Newton, Abram, and Ince, within in the said County

3

of Lancaster, to or near the said Town of and

that the feme will open a short, easy, lafe, and commodious Communication, for the Conveyance of Coal, Cannel, Lime, Timber, Stone, Manure, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to and from the said Towns and Places, which will tend not only to the Advantage of the Trade and Commerce thereof, but also to the Improvement of the Lands, and Preservation of the High Roads, and will be of public Utility:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Liverpool, to or near Wigan, in such Manner, and with such Power and Provisoes, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Sefton, Sir William dith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of D the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the making a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, from the said Town of Liverpool, through the several Places mentioned in the preceding'Petition, will be attended with the Advantages in the said Petition mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, from Liverpool, to or near , in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisoes, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 23® die;

Anno 12’ Georgii III"1 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

MR. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the His House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to ea know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint "James.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to j£q„ Order, a Bill for naturalizing James Samuel N.

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Drake presented to the House, according to N Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within the ‘ Manors and Parish of North Cr, in the County of Bucks: And the feme, was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Sir

i - Geo. III. 230 Janua 415

Gentil’s Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-N.u. cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing ’John Henry Genfil: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Meyer he ft’* Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord-

Nat. ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Diederich

And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved’, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Laudnmiey’s Sir Charles Whit-worth presented to the House, ac-Nat. cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Francis Darius Laudumiey:And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rive and Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-

Menct’* cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Lewis IS at. j^e j^a Rive and Francis Menet: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Liverpool, A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of *c-. the Town of Wigan, in the County of , in *na ‘ Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be made, from the Town of Liverpool through certain Parishes, Townships, and Places, to the said Town of Wigan, which will open a short, easy, safe, and commodious Communication, to and from the said Towns, and the Towns and Places adjoining or lying near thereto, which will tend to the Advantage of the Trade and Commerce thereof, and to the Improvement of the Lands, and Preservation of the High Roads, and will be all'o of public Utility: And therefore pray, ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Liverpool to Wigan, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisoes, and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Liverpool, Wigan, and other Parts of the . County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Chelmsford Peace, acting in and for the County of Ejj'ex, was pre- Gaol, lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the common Gaol of the said County, the Justices of the Peace for the said County are authorized to purchase a convenient Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Tenements, adjoining to, and communicating with, the present County Gaol, and to cause to be built thereon, and on the Ground on which the present Gaol (lands, a convenient Gaol, for the Confinement of Criminals, Debtors, and others; and that there are several Omissions and Inaccuracies in the said Act, which, it is apprehended, must lie rectified before the same can be carried into Execution; and, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, holden at Chelmsford, on the Sixteenth of July last, it was agreed to apply to Parliament, for a Repeal of the said Act, and to obtain a new Act, for enabling the said Justices to pull down and remove the present County Gaol, and to build a new Gaol at the White Horse, or in feme other Place in or near the Town of Chelmsford, that shall be by them thought most convenient, and to enable them to purchase such Premises, and to carry into Execution such new Act accordingly g and that John Richard Comyns, Esquire, the Owner of the said White Horse Inn in Chelmsford, hath been applied to, and is ready to sell the same, with the Appurtenances, for erecting thereon a new Gaol, for the Use of the said County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act passed in the Tenth Year of3^jIis present Majesty’s Reign, for rebuilding the common;Gaol of the County of Essex, and for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the said County to purchase the White Horse Inn, in Chelmsford, with the Appurtenances, or feme other Ground and Tenements in or near the Town of Chelmsford aforesaid, that shall be by them thought most con. venient, and, upon the Scite of the lame, to build the common Gaol of the said County, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the Hpufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Gray, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices,

A Petition of the Vicar and principal Inhabitants of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Supply, and Watch, the Town of Islington, in the Parish of Saint Mary Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to Ifington, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to both Houses of Parliament, be now read, the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Inhabi- And the said Order being read accordingly;

tants of the said Town, from its Situation, are exposed The House proceeded to take the same into Con-

to frequent Murders, Robberies, Burglaries, and other ^deration.

Outrages; and that lighting the said Town, and efta- And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker,

bhfliing a proper and well-regulated Watch, would, (as And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted

the Petitioners conceive) greatly contribute to remedy Majesty;

these Evils, and render the Petitioners and the rest of Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, the Inhabitants of the said Town more secure in their resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to Persons and Property: And therefore praying. That consider of that Motion.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Montagu, &c.;

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vo l, 33*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

34* Januarii.

A. 1772.

Venerisy 24.® die;

Armo ia* Georgis III'11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Landumiey’s TfRANCIS Darius Lau Diederich and

John Henry GentiI, took the Oaths appointed, in or-

Mcrcrhott’* -

Nat.

der to their Naturalization.

Enfield to A Petition of the Trustees nominated, constituted, Hertford, and appointed, in or by virtue of an Act of Parlia-Ac. ment, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing and giving further Powers to the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads, from the Parish of , in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of , and

other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and of divers other Persons, whose Names are subscribed, residing in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act is nearly expired; and that several Sums of Money, borrowed on the Credit thereof, and of the other Two Acts, are yet unpaid; and that the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Tolls increased; and alledging, that the Road between the End of Hertford Town (commonly orfled The Wor I A s End) and Amwe/l End near Ware, is tKiTdireft and proper Communication between the Towns of Hertford and and

joins at each End on the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts, and is of public Utility, but cannot be repaired by the present Method preftribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, granted by the said Three several Acts, from the Expiration of the aforesaid Act of the 26th of his late Majesty; and for veiling a dit-cretionary Power in the Trustees to be named in the said Bill, to raise the Tolls, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet; and that the said Road between the End of Hertford Town and be

made Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, and be subjected to all the Powers and Authorities thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Poel’i A Petition of John Poel was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes and Mr. Gray do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Worcester A Petition of the Prisoners now confined for Debt in Prifooen. His Majesty’s Gaols for the County and City of Worcester, in Behalf of themselves and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons in this Kingdom, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Epwdl Open and Common Field of Epwell, in the Parish of Iaclofore. Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford, and of the Commonable Land, Ground, and Tythes, lying and arising within the said Common Field, Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Epwell aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners and others are seised or otherwise possessed of One large Open and Common Field, confilling of Twenty (even Yard Lands, or thereabouts, together with some odd Lands, lying in the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Epwell aforesaid; and that the Petitioners and divers other Land Owners, in respect to their Yard Lands, or otherwise, are entitled to, and do enjoy. Common of Pasture in and over the said Open Field and Commonable Land, by a determinable Stint, exclusive of all other Persons whomsoever; and that the said Land and Ground lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the said Common Field, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and produce but little Profit to the Proprietors and Owners thereof, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, indoling, assigning, and allotting, the said Common Field and Commonable Land, and for such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Wenman and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire Highway, into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money as have been collected, within Seven Years last pall, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway or Highways; and to report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to en4- Wrftminfer quire into the State of the Nightly Watch, within Nightlj the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charks Whitworth, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to tire Committee are to have Voices.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according Silted to Order, a Bill to continue for a further Time, an Act ®*ef* l>orl» made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, &c intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House Answtr attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address; to Addrti to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

i a Geo. lit.

24° Januarii. 417

Gentlemen,

I thank you very heartily for this most dutiful Address. Your affectionate Congratulations on the Birth of another Prince, and the Regard you express for the Queen, are highly acceptable to Me.

» I receive with Pleasure and Approbation the Aflu-rances you give Me of your zealous Endeavours for the Extension and Security of the National Interest and Advantages.

I have nothing so much at Heart as to fee My Kingdoms flourishing in Commerce, and My People happy under My Government.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly*

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles WhinOorihtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Commitffee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Coro, The House resolved itself into a Committee of the /am, &c. wjjQje {-joufe> to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Timej and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Corn Ordered, That Mr. F have Leave to make a Morn ported. tion> being near Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Corn imported into Britain, from Christmas 1765, as far as the same can be made up.

’lymouth The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee, iving, tec. fQ w|lom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Plymouth, in the county of ,

and other Commissioners for executing an Act of Parliament, paised in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, together with the principal and other Inhabitants of the said Borough, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Vol. 33.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington have Leave to hiake a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as folloiveth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Digory Mills, Esquire, being examined, laid, That the Method of fecovering Money on the Corporation directed by the said Act is insufficient: That the said Act is not sufficiently explicit in regard to the Quantum of the Rate; that the Method prescribed for Paving is inconvenient, and it would be much better for each Person to pave for themselves, subject to the Inspection of a Surveyor; that the Lamps and Number of Watchmen appointed by the said Act are insufficient j and that a Quarterly Collection of the Rates would be much more convenient than the present Mode; and that the said Act hath been found inconvenient and defective in other Particulars.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the county of ;

and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town: And that the Lord Barring and Sir Charles Hardy do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunhiiry have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put g in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of thC St. Edmund’* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Road*, repairing and widening the Roads, from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's to the Town of Nezvmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from the iSouth End of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmund" s, in the said County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed aconsiderable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but find the said Act cannot be carried into effectual Execution, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Tferm granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Tolls and Powers thereof are increased, altered, and enlarged:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Term, and render more effectual the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Ancl it is referred to Sir Charles Banbury, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for. Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That no Bill, or Clause Capital in any Bill, do pass this House, by which Capital Punish- Pun»n»n«nt. ment is to be inflicted, unless the same shall have been referred to a Committee of the whole House.

The House being informed, That Mr. from African

the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading Company, to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

5 Q A Paper,

4i 8 ^4° — 27° Jan . 1772.

A Paper, intituled, " ^f««o 1770, The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " lo Africa-, distinguishing every Article of Expence

" under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche have Leave to make a

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

Prisoneri A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the for Debt: Sheriff’s Ward at Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, in (Bodmin) Behalf of themselves, and also of all the other Debtors confined in the several Prisons in that County.

And the said Petition was read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

Ditto: A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the

(Derby) County Gaol of Derby, in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom.

And the said Petition was read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce 2 70 die januarii;

Anno il° Georgii III. U Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

kive and 'DETERLewis De La Rive and Francis Menet took

Menet’s the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

North A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Crawley Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within she Ma-ndofure. nors an{j p^ft, of North Crawley, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hopkins, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Poel’a Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to

Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Poel: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fincham A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Inclosure. Lands and Estates, in the Parish of Fincham, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the several other Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Common Fields, Half Year Indofures, Commons, and Waste

Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and other?; and that, if the same were divided, and speci fic Allotments thereof made to the several Persons interested therein, the Petitioners Estates within the said Parish would be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, under such Regulations as the House flrall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Aflley and Mr. De Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Henry Peyton, Esquire, heretofore called Daflrwwi', Henry Dashwood, Esquire, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner’s late Uncle, Sir Thomas Peyton, Baronet, deceased, on or about the Fourteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hunched and Sixty-five, made his last Will and Testament, and, amongst other Things, thereby gave and devised divers Estates therein mentioned, unto the Reverend Thomas Moore, Clerk, and Eli ah Breton, Esquire, (Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, in Trull for the Use of the Petitioner for Life, and after his Decease to his first and every other Son successively in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over) and the said Testator did thereby direct, that the Petitioner, and such Person and Persons as should respectively enjoy the said Estates, should take and use the Surname of , and no

other Surname, and bear his Coat of Arms; and that the Petitioner is lately come into Polleftion of the said Estates, by virtue of the said Will, and hath, incompliance therewith, takfen upon himself and used the Surname of Peyton, and is desirous that the same may be established upon him and the Heirs of his Body by Authority of Parliament, with Liberty to take and bear the Arms of the said late Sir Thomas Peyton, deceased:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Peyton, pursuant to the Will of the said Sir Thomas Peyton, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward AJlley and Sir Harbord Harbord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish ChaUun of Chatham, in the County of Kent, was presented to Street!, fee. the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets and Lanes of the said Parish are very ill paved, lighted, and cleansed, and incommodious to Passengers; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets and Lancs were properly paved, lighted, and kept clear and free from all Annoyances and Incroachments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Limitations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Fuller, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Peter De La and Rire

Francis Menet, was read a Second Time. Menet’s

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Nat. Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill

t

L

12 Geo. III. 2j° Januar. 419

Gentil’s A Bill for naturalizing John Henry Genii/, was read a Nat. Second Time. (

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Bacon,: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Laudomiey’* A Bill for naturalizing Francis Darius Laudumiey, was Nat. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Meyerhof'* A Bill for naturalizing Diederich Meyerhoff, was read N*1, a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bretrton A Petition of Henry Duncombe, Esquire, and others, Inclosure. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor of in the Parish of

borough, in the County of York, Two large and extensive Moors, or Commons, called Rigg Moor and Brearton Moor, containing, by Estimation, 650 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Moors, or Commons, are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners and others interested therein, according to their respective Rights in and throughout the fame; and that such Division and Inclosure would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Petitioners, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moors, or Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir Cecil Wray, and Mr. Weddell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fotlifoot A Petition of Edward Ingham,

Inclosure. Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor of Fotlifoot, in the County of York, several Open and Uninclosed Fields, commonly called Tofts Field, Birkhead Field, Flat Field, Inmans Field, Kirtahill Field, Aketon Field, Priest lugs. Sour Land Ends, and Ing Land Ends, containing together, by Estimation, 165 Acres, or thereabouts; and also a large and extensive Moor, or Common, commonly called Follifoot Moor, containing, by Estimation, 1,100 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the same are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners and others interested therein, according to their respective Rights in and throughout the fame; and that such Division and Inclosure would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Petitioners, and be of public Utility: And there- fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, and Moor, or Common, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant >0 the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Daniel Lascelles, and Sir George do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, Gentle* V’ol. 33.

men. Clergy, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of the Chester County of Chefer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Port of Chefer is an ancient Sea Port; and the Navigation of the River Dee, from the City of Chefer to the Sea, hath been improved, at a very great Expence, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament; but, for Want of an Inland Conveyance by Water to and from the said City, the Inhabitants thereof, and of the interior Parts of the County, cannot fully enjoy the Advantage of the said Navigation and Sea Port; and that, proper Levels and Surveys having been taken, it appears that a Navigable Cut, or Canal, for the Passage of Boats, and other Vessels of heavy Burthens, may be made from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the said City, to or near Middlewich, in the said County; and also, that a Branch may be made from a certain Part of the now proposed Canal, near War die Green, to or near the Town of N which will be a Means of greatly facilitating the Conveyance, and of reducing the Prices of Carriage, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to and from the said Port of Chefer, and the several Trading Towns and Places adjoining to, or lying near, both the said Canals; and will be of great Advantage, not only to the Trade carried on in the said County and City; but also to the several Towns and Places through, or near, which the said Canals are intended to be made, and will be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, in such Form and Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Egerton, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Prisoner* Sheriff’s Ward at Bodmyn, in the County of for

in Behalf of themselves, and also of all the other Deb- /B^bt‘nv tors confined in the several Prisons in this County: And ' also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt, in the b* Castle of York, Rothwell, Ha/lifax, and Sheffield Gaols, (York.&c.) in the County of York, in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second-Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered

Ufutl

Elfimates

ordered.

Corn,

Grain, &c.

420 27° Januarii. /I. 1772.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1772, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuilding*, and Repairs, of Ships ot War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1772, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1772, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1772, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of lire Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1772, be la>d before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Che.Jea Hospital, for the Year 1772, be

laid before this Floufe.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen, within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day of 1771, and the 10th Day of October 1771, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st Day of December 1771, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. 'Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time; be continued.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Qucllion put thereupon, agreed to by the Floufe.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooper, and Sir Charles Whitveorlh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Robert Sf eiuer acquainted the Floufe, That the Gentlemen, appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulatory Message of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say.

Gentlemen,

This repeated Proof of your Duty to the King, and Regard to Me, meets with My most sincere Thanks.

A Petition of Richard Cro/tes, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Roudham, in the County of Norfolk, and Owner of great Part of the Lands within the said Manor and Parish, the Reverend John Boldero, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Roudham aforesaid, and of John Barker, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor and Parish, there are several Common Fields, Break Hands, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and that the Property therein is very much dispersed, and inconveniently situated; and that, if the same were divided and incloil-d, it would be advantageous to the said Owners and Proprietors; And therefore Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. De Grey and Sir Edward Aftley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Buller, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Callingtan, in the County of ,in the

room of Fane William Sharpe, Esquire, deceased, IVII-liam Skrine, Esquire, and tire Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, at the said Election, Mr. David Horn-don presided, and acted as the Portreeve and Returning Officer of the said Borough; and that the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; nevertheless the said David Horndou partially and illegally refuted to accept the Suffrages of several qualified Persons, who offered to vote, and gave their Votes for the Petitioner; and admitted others who were not qualified to vote for the said William Skrine, by which, and other unfair, unwarrantable, and illegal Practices and Proceedings, previous to and at the said Election, a l'mall colourable Majority was procured in Favour of the said William Skrine; and the said Portreeve did thereupon think fit todeclare and return the said William Skrine duly elected to represent the said Borough, in Wrong of the Petitioner, and in manifest and open Violation of the Rights of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to afford him such Relief as tire Nature and Circumstances of his same shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 24th Day of February next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Notices were sent to James

Esquire, and William Skrine, Esquire, in Purfu-ance of Two Acts, passed in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Lunar, 27" die Januarii, 1772.

Ordered, That James Bailer, Esquire, do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House upon Monday the 24th Day of February next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Cl. Dorn. Com.

I hr

M ij-rty*

Aoiwcr.

Roudham

Inclosure.

Callington

Election.

.12 Geo. III. 270 — 28°

421

James Duller, Esquire, having this, Day preferred his Petition, compjaining, That at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in Parlia-’ inent. for the Borough of in the County of Cornwin the room of Fane William Sharpe, Esquire, deceased, William Shrine, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; that at the said Election, Mr.

Horndon presided, and acted as tlje Portreeve and Returning OfHcer of the said Borough; that the Petitioner was duly defied by a - v Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as duly defied accordingly; nevertheless the said David Horndon partially: i. and illegally refuled to accept the Suffrages of several qualified-.Persons who offered to vote, and gave their Votes for the Petitioner, and admitted others, who were not qualified, to vote for the said William , by which, and

other unfair, unwarrantable, and illegal Practices and Proceedings, previous to, and at, the said Election, a small, colourable Majority was procured in Favour of the said William Skrine; and the said Portreeve did thereupon think fit to declare, and return the said William Skrine duly elected, to represent the said Borough, in Wrong of the Petitioner, and in manifest and open Violation of the Rights of Election; and the House having appointed Monday the Twenty-fourth Day of February next, at One of the Clock, in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration, you are therefore to take Notice, That the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, this Twenty-seventh Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Flr , Speaker.

To James Buller, Esquire.

The like Notice to William Skrine, Esquire.

Essex Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wm‘ the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room

of Sir William Maynard, Baronet, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 8° die "Januarii;

Anno 120 Georgii III,!i Regis, 1772.

mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A' Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Glasgow City of Glasgow, was presented to the House. arboar.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara- tworn. tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made fqr.those Purposes;

The said Petition Was read; Set ting'forth, That the Glasgow Harbour of Port Glasgow has of late Years been greatly H*d>our> choked and filled up, whereby Vessels of Burthen are hindered from getting into the Piers and Quays, and are thereby exposed to many Dangers and Inconveniences; and that the Trade of the said City and Port has of late Years increased, and the Ships and Vessels trading to and from the same are now more numerous, and of larger Dimensions than heretofore, and the Quays and Piers are not sufficient for the Reception and convenient Lying of the Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, nor for the requisite and convenient Dispatch in loading /and unloading the fame; which Dangers and Inconveniences render the deepening, cleaning, and scouring, of the said Harbour, and the building and erecting new and additional Piers, Breasts, Jettees, and Quays, highly necessary; and that certain Rules and Regulations should be established, for regulating Ships and Vessels trading or coming into, or going out of, the Harbour aforesaid:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the said Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers within the said Harbour, and for building and erecting new and additional Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating all Ships, Vessels, Barks, or Lighters, trading or coming into, and going out of, the Harbour aforesaid; and for exacting, collecting, levying, and receiving, such Tolls, Rates, and Duties, from all Ships,

Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour, as shall be judged reasonable and expedient; and for giving to the said Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow and their Successors in Office, such other Powers, Grants, and Privileges, as shall be necessary for executing and completing the Works aforesaid, and for maintaining, upholding, and keeping the same in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Edmonflone,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Prayers.

Dathwood’s OIR Edward Aflley presented to the House, accord-Name. ing to Order, a Bill to enable Henry Peyton, Esquire, lately called Henry Dafliwood, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Peyton, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Peyton, Baronet, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcjohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

.AnlWr Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the House, Address ^iat their Address of Yesterday, That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Estimates. Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein VOL. 33.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Usual suant to their Address to His Majesty, Estimates

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and Pre<leBtBd* other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from the 25th December 1771, to the 24th December 1772, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1771, to 24th December 1772* both Days inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British: and Irish Establishment of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle

r

422

i$* jfanuarii.

A. 1772.

of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Chaise thereof

from 25th December 1771, to 24th L/ec'ehib'er 1772,both for the Year 177^. ir.elusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General _ lire Lord Barrington also preftnted to the House, by Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1772: And His Majesty’s Command,

also, ( A Lift of the Widows of such Reduced Officers of

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows His Majesty’s Land Forces and Mkrmes, who died on of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year the Establrfhm'ent of Half Pay m Great Britain, and 1772: And also, ., Who were married to them before the 25th Day of

Estimate of the Charge of Half iPay arid AlloWrindes cember *716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forcfes for the Year 1772.

and jtfarines, for the Year 17^2: Apd also^ Arid the Titles of the find Estimates krid Lifts were

itnongst the other he mid Estimates

Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in krefcs followeth, triz.

ESTIMATE

12 Geo. III.

28° Janm

433

ESTIMATE of tht Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and oth$t His Majesty's Land Forces ia Great Britain, from the 25th December 1771 to the 24th December 1772, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days.

NUMBERS. Pay of the Froops & Regiments for 366 Days.

£ s. 1

- j8i — r *7,653 8~s

r j8i — *7»653 8 —

- 277 — 10,900 14 —

— 276 10,772 12 —

* 319 T A A 26,126 6

345 — 18,929 76 6

231 — 12,932 '

231 - — 12,932 .

- 231 - — - 12,932 rr- — .

r -231 — 12,932 — —

-231 — 12,932 .

- .231 — 12,932 .

231 — 12,952

f* 231 — !2,932 .

- -231 - — 1.2,93 a

- -231 2,655 12,932:

231 . ^,932

- A31 , /I 12,932 —

402

1,649 — . 146,106 .17 -j

- 1,058 — 2.9,841 4. — .

- 1,058 . — .-2,9,8,96 -Z — {

- -477 — Ip,97° 17 — ,

- 477 — 10,970 17

477 — IO*97° 17 —

47-7 — 11,117 ,5

477 — 10,970 17 —

477 10,970.17 —

477 10»97o.i7 —

— 477 — 10,970 17 —

477 . io,9 70 17 —

- 477 1 o,9 7° 17 —

T« 477 — IO>97° 17 — .

477 — 10,970 17 —

477 — 1.0,970.17 —

477 1.0,970 17. — .

-477 l°>97o 17. — .

— 477 — IO»97o 17 —

477 — 1-0,970 17 —

r t‘ ft n A

/T ’

- V4S2. r — 9,361 19 r6

1,040 I £22.: 18,117 —

32,297 8 .4;

20,000 — —

- m I7»547

First Troop-of lifeguards Second Ditto -

Horse - - First Troqp-of Grenadier Guards -Second Ditto -

_ Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment df Dr^gOon Guards Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons -

Earl of Panmure's -

Dragoons / Earl of Albtmarflis -

Major General Carpenter's - - - -General Chohnond -

Lieutenant General -

Sir John Mordawi -

Marquis of Lothiatis -

tight T lieutenant General Elliot's - - - -Dragoons (, Colonel Burgoyne's -

'First Regiment of Foot Guards - -Goldstream Regiment of Foot-Guards Third Regiment-of -Foot Guards - -'Sir Jeffery Amherst's -Regiment of Foot Lieutenant General -

Major General Rufone’s -

Lord Robert-Bertie's -

Lieutenant-General $41 Court's -

Sir Charles-Hotkam's -

Lieutenant-General s - -

''Major General' Grreme's - - - _

Colonel Holds -

Lieutenant General Gage's -

Lieutenant General Bojcazven's - -

Lieutenant Generalr/hir^ozt/’s -

Earl Cornwallis's - -

Colonel Fletther’ Conrpbiirs - -

Lieutenant General' Gray’s - -

’Lieutenant General-Gary’s -

Major General Lam hart's - -

Foot - -<

t rj 5 Colonel Wren's Regiment - -

invalids 2o Independent Companies -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account -

Total -

TOTAL.

£ / d.

83»JP$ —

'148,249 16 6

2.5,8.04 rr —

r^93*495 "

27»4?M9 6

52,297 8 4{-

£.629,491 12 4

War Office, 28th January 1772.

'Barrington.

VOL.

A

ESTIMATE

424

28 "Januar

A. 177 a.

E S T I M A T E of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1771 to 24th December 1772, both inclusive, being 366 Days. ’

Lieutenant General Webb's, Regiment of Foot - -Lieutenant General Sand forcTs -

Major General Keppel's -

Major General Gisborne's ——

Sir John Sebright's ——

Major General Mackay'i - " -

Major'General -Scott's -

Major General Evelyns -

Lieutenant General Oughton's -

Lieutenant General Leighton's -

Major General Pierson's - - ‘ - -

Lieutenant General Clavering's -

Major General Owen's ——

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - -

Colonel Pomeroy's -

Major General Urmfton's ——

Lord Adam Gordons - - - 1 ——

Lieutenant General LambtoiiS -

Lieutenant Cojonel O'Hara's Corps -

- V. ... ‘ ___

Garrisons in North America; viz. Quebec, Montreal, S' Augustine, Pcnfacola, Mobille, and South Carolina - -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Halifax, Placentia, S‘ John's in Newfoundland, Loutjbourgh, S' John's Providence, and Bermudas ——

Garrisons in the Islands of Grenada, S' Vincent, Dominique, and Tobago - -' - -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America - -

Contingencies upon Account - -

MINORCA.

Duke of Argyll's 2d Battalion - -

Major General Murray's Regiment ——

Lord George Lennox's ——

Earl of Eglington’s -

Officers of the Garrison,

G I A L T

Colonel Clinton's Regiment of Foot -Colonel Boyd's - -; -

Colonel Waljli's -

Colonel Cunningham's - '- -

A R.

Officers of the Garrison, £sV.

Provisions for .1-5 Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, &c. deducing 2 per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and . Private Man towards that Expence:

Remains to be-borne by Government - - - - -Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar - - - -Provisions for the Regiments in the Ceded islands - -

Provisions for Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps, ferrying in" Africa, deducing 2 £ d. pe from each

'Non-commissioned Officer and Private Man, towards " that Expence: -

-rRyJWWLt2.be ^borne by Government §

Total -

Pay of the Regi-

NUMBERS. ments, fcff.

for 366 Days.

s. d.

477 — 10.970 17 —

477 — ' *0,970 17: —

477 - 10,970 17 —

477 *0,970 17 — .

477 — IO,97o 17 —

477 ' 10,970-17

477 — *0,970 17 — .

477 — *0,970 17 —

477 *0,970 17 —

477 — *0,970 17 —

477 — *0,970 17 —

477 ' *0,970 17 —

477 - *0,970 17. — .

S55 — 22,197 ,g

477 10,970 17 —

477 — *0,970 17 —

477 . *0,970 17 —

477 — *0,970 17 —

: 214 9,278 4,181 11 —

A «

- - - - — w «, w

-I

477 " - *0,7*4 *3>-. —

477 *0,970 17 —

477 - " *0,970-17 — .

477 1,908 *0,970 17 —

" "

477 *o,97° 17 —

477 - *0,970 17 —

477 - - *0,97° fiy —

477 1,908 *0,970 17 —

- m 22,303 2 6

" " 2*,579 8 10

~ m 9,779 1 3

2,328 2 — I

- - 13,094 -

TOTAL.

War Office, 28th January 1772.

£. s, d. 212,883 18 — 3,568 10 r-i

3,052 6 9}

2,793 16 — 9,461 2 —

4,000-----

43,6*7 4 — '

5.933 *56

43,883 8 —

3.759 *7 8»

55,989 14 7

388,953 12 7i

Barrington.

estimate

a 8° Javuarii.

4*5

12 Geo. III.

\ »

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the; British and Irish Establishment, of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the ljle Man, at , Minorca, and the Ceded

Islands, from 25th December 1771 to 24th December 1772, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Numbers. Pay for 366 Days. Difference.

Duke of Argyll*% .1 ft Battalion, according to the British Establish-. mente - - - - -- -- - . Difference - - 1 1 ' ' £ — i t 1 10,970 17 — 10,093 *4 3* 877 2

Sir Charles Montagu's Regiment, the same ----- 477 - 877 2 8i

Major General Gore's, the same - - - -- 477 - - - - 877 2 8{

Lieutenant General ColviU's, the same - -- -- - 477 877 2 81

Major General Trapaud’s, the same - -- -- --Four Companies of Lord John Murray's Regiment, with the usual Staff Officers - - - -- - -Paid by Ireland for these Companies - -- Difference - - 477 189 4»i57 3 — 3,819 — 3 9 9 877 2 8k 338 2 9

Total - - 2>574 £ 4,723 I6 2{

War Office, 28th January 1772.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great , for the Year 1772.

For 366 Days.

d.

General and General Staff Officers..... 11,322 7 3

War Office, 28th January 1772.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers^ who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1772.

Allowances to the Widows, for the Year 1772 - -- -- -- £. 644 — —

War Office, 28th January 1772.

Barrington.

Vol. 33.

5 Q ESTIMATE

a8# JanuarB.

A 1773.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1772.

Per Diem.

For 366 Days.

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 366 Days, from the 25th December 1771 to the 24th December 1772, inclusive -

For Allowances to Officers of the reduced Horse - - -.

For the Annual Allowances to Nine private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at £. 10 per Annum each -

For Fifty-three private Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guards at 7 d. per Diem each ——

316

1

Total - -

6 — 115,765 16 —

14 2 625 5 —

9°----

10 11

565 *5 6

117,046 16 6

9

War Office, 28th January 1772.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1772.

Per Diem. For 366 Days.

16,06 6 Out Pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital 334 H 2 122,503 5 —

103 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each - -- 5 3" 1,884 18 —

31 Serjeants, at yd. per Diem each - -- - 1 3 3 425 9 6

1 0

A UjAwU Total - £. 34i — 5 124,813 12 6

War Office, 28th January 177a.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Lifts do He upon of allotted to the Petitioners and others interested there-the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. in: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given

to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Clareton A Petition of Richard Atkinson, George Beecroft, and Open Fields, and Moors, or Commons, in such Manner

IncloTare. others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- as to the House shall seem meet.

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

are, within the Manor of Clareton with Coneyftrop, in the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir County of York, several Open and Unindofed Fields, Thomas Frankland and Mr. Daniel Lascelles do prepare, commonly called Claroe Field, Miln Field, and Cold Gap and bring in, the fame.

Field, containing together, by Estimation, 210 Acres, or thereabouts; and also, a Moor, or Common, called A Petition of the Prisoners now confined in His Ma-Clareton Moor, containing, by Estimation, 250 Acres, jesty’s Gaol for the County of , for them-

or thereabouts; and within the Manor of Allertotl with selves and all others that labour under the Misfortune

Flaxby, adjoining to the said Manor of Clareton with of being confined for Debt: And also,

Coneyjlrop, there is a Piece or Parcel of Waste Ground, A Petition of the several Prisoners confined in War-Moor, or Common, called Skortfill, containing, by Efti- wick Gaol for Debt, whose Names are thereunto fub-mation, 70 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said scribed, in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Open Fields and Moors, or Commons, are not, in their Prisoners of this Kingdom: And also, present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the occupied to such Advantage as they might be, if the Castle of Lincoln: And also,

lame were divided and indofed, and specific Parts there- A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s

Prisonm for Debt, (Cambridge.)

D»

(Warwick.)

D’

(Lincoln.)

L*

12 Geo. III. 2 8° Janua 427

D* Majesty’s Gad the Castle of Lancaster, in Behalf of (Lancaster.) themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

D° A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His

(Nottingham.) Majesty’s Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

D* A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in -

(LoiUruhia) withiel, in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Haddcoham A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe-Level cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Draioagf. Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First. intituled, An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Haddenham , in the Iste of

and of several other Owners and Occupiers of Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said Level, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Lands and Grounds therein mentioned have been assessed and rated at One Shilling per Acre; and that several Engines, and other Works, for draining the fame, have been erected; but that the said Engines and Works are, by Length of Time, and other Accidents, become so ruinous and decayed, that the present Tax is insufficient for that Purpose, whereby the said Commissioners have been obliged to contract several Debts, which now remain unpaid, and which cannot be discharged, nor the necessary Works for Draining renewed and maintained, without the further Aid of Parliament; and that the Powers and Authorities given by the said Act are not sufficient for the effectual Draining and Preservation of the said Level: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying such farther Tax upon the Lands and Grounds in the said Level, and aho for granting such farther Powers and Authorities, for the better draining and preserving the fame, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir SampfonGideon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Laudumiey’i Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Francis Darius Lau-dumiey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Geatil’t Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Nat. to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Henry Gentil, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Vol. 33.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Diederich i a,‘

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Rive to whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter Lewis De Lay and > Rive and Francis Monet, was committed; That the *

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tire Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Carlifie, holders, and others. Inhabitants of the County of Cum- w,8t®"» berland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was povjt, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from a Place called Raffles, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carl iste, by Woodhouses, to the Town of Wigton; and from thence by West Newt an, through the Towns of Allonby and Mary Port, by w-by, to the Town of Workington, and from thence to the End of the present Turnpike Road at the South End of Hunda Lane, leading front thence to Whitehaven, in the said County; and also, the Road leading from the said Town of Wigton, to the Town of Abby Holme, in the said County j and also, the Road leading from Wigton aforesaid, to the End of the present Turnpike Road at Chalk Beck, in the said County, are deep and ruinous, narrow in some Parts, and cannot be sufficiently widened, altered, amended, arid kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to widen and repair the (kid Roads, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- -pear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Fletcher, Sir James LoW-ther, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Or- Corn, Grain, der, a Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act made Ac. in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn,

Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that some of the Com- Accounts missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they presented. were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into Saint Helen's Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1770 to Michaelmas 1771; also, what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1771:

And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into Leadenhall Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1770 to Michaelmas 1771*

also,

4^8 28° — 290 Ja. A. 1772.

also, what exported during that Time; and what re- Mr. prefertted to the House,.according to Roudh»m

mained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1771: Order, a Bill for inclosing the Common Fields, Break. lcclosure-

And also, Lands, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of Roudham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was London, at Michaelmas 1770; what has been fmee received; and read the First Time, brought in, what exported; as also, what remained at Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Michaelmas 1771: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Prisoner*

to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware- New Prison for the County of Surrey, was presented to for Debt,

houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1770; what the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, have been since brought in; what exported; as also, and praying Relief.

what remained at Michaelmas 1771: And also. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, Table, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at

Saint Helen s, Lsadenha/l, Billiter Lane, and Custom A Petition of John Parsons, Esquire, Lord of the Kemerto*

House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1770, Manor of in the County of Gloucester, and of Indofue.

in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto been returned; and what remained out at Michaelmas subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Com-1771: And also, monable Lands in the same Parish, was presented to

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are fc-»

Ruff a into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1770 veral Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the to Michaelmas 1771: And also, said Parish, belonging to the Petitioners and others,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from which, in their present State, are incapable of any con-Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the siderable Improvement, but would be greatly increased Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1770 to Michaelmas 1771: Value, it the same were divided and inclosed: And

And also, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

An Account of the Number of Ships which have been in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits and and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and House shall think proper.

Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has im- Southwell and Mr. Hanbury do prepare, and bring in,

ported in the Year 1771: And also, the fame.

An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, to An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Henry Gentil, Gentil* any Place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any was read the Third Time. Nat.

of the Liberties, or Powers, given or granted for that RefThat the Bill do pats: And that the Title Purpose, by an Act passed last Session, to prohibit the be, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Gentil.

Exportation thereof; continued from lad Account; viz. Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the

from the 10th of October 1770, exclusive, to the 10th Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

of October 1771, inclusive.

And then they withdrew. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Diederich Meyerhoff, Meyerhof*

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. was read the Third Time. Nat.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Re, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. be, An Act for naturalizing Diederich Meyerhoff.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill Papers of this Session. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Info Beef, The House being informed that Mr. from

Pork, &c. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Irish Beef, Pork, and Butter, imported into from the 10th Day

of October 1770 to the ill Day of December 1771.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 Januarii;

Anno 12* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772. Prayers.

tOIIN Pool took the Oaths appointed, in order to J his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Lewis De La Rive and Francis Menet, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Peter Lezvis De La , and Francis Menet.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rire

and

Mend’s

Nat.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Francis Darius Laadumley'* Laudumiey, was read the Third Time. Na.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paturalizing Francis Darius Laudumiey.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are Tonbridge thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, to made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, Road*, in the County of Kent, to Swiftfden, in the Parish of

Etchingham, and from Front to Poj Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Black-boys, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting torth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains unpaid, and cannot

be

12 GEb. III. 26° Januarii 429

be repaid, and the said Road made, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the Act in other respects made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Esquire, Lord of the

Tardebig Manors or Liberties of Upper and Lower Botfly, other-n o ure. wjfe Bendy Pauncefoot-, in the Parish of Tardebig, in the County of Worcester, and Owner and Proprietor of the

greatest Part of the Farms and Lands there, and of the several other Persons whose Names are lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open and Uninclosed Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the said Manors or Liberties, containing 350 Acres, or thereabouts, which are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and l'eparate Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners and others interested therein, in proportion to their respective Rights, it would tend to the Benefit of the Parties concerned, and be of public Advantage; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons or Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Thomas Foley, Junior, and Mr.

Ward, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Bill to continue for a further Time, an Act made corn. Grain, in the last Session of Parliament; intituled, An Act to fcc. continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn,

Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits froth Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt, for a limited Time; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue for a further Time, an Act made Salted in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, ih- Beef, Pork, tituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made fcc*

ih ihe Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

BacOn, arid Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in , for a limited Time; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved \That this Hodfe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Mr. Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance Addrets to His Majesty, Estimaw.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1772, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 33.

5 r ESTIMATE

43©

29° Jamarii. A. 1771.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1772.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprizing Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores'for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges ——

f Gibraltar and North Britain Minorca

St. John's, and Placentia, in Newfoundland - -

East Florida West Florida

Grenada, St. Vincent, and Tobago Quebec

New York ——

Senegal and Senegambia -

V Halifax -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 2,256 Men, Officers included ——

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of Mader Gunners at the several Garrisons in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London -

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the West India Islands ——

Pay of an Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca ——

To Lieut. Col. Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good-Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 18 February 1771 - -

To Lieut. Gen1 William Belford, for his good Services -

To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services ——

To Lieut. Col. William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coads of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging - -

To Col. Thomas Dejaguliers, for his extraordinary' Services at the Siege of Palais in Belleifte, and upon several Expeditions -

To Capt" Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions ——

To Lieut. Col. Joseph Brome, in Consideration of his Services in Flanders and Germany, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 13 November 1771 ——

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Half Pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions

EXTRAORDINARIES.

£ s. d.

36,09a 7 6

1,049 *8 — 1,300 7 —

1,006 10 — 658 16 — 969 18 —

M37 7 ~ 845 8 —

329 8 —

1,116 6 —

521 n — 8,395 -

72,748 12 — 1,364 14 — 867 5 —

2,150 5 —

457 1° — 366 — —

9J 10 — 329 8 —

274 10 —

366-----

457 10 — 366-----

183 — —

8,510 3 —

s. d

M*>3 55 3 6

For repairing the Fortifi- C Gibraltar -

cations, Barracks, Store-J Minorca ——

houses, and carrying on J St. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, and the current Service at - C n,ty Harbour in Newfoundland -

For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland ——

Towards repairing the Sea Wharfingat Sfteerness -

Towards inclosing and fortifying the Dock Yard at Portsmouth -

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Portsmouth and Gosport - -

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel, and St.

Nicholas Island ——

In further Part of the Charge of improving and drengthening the Fortifications at Gibraltar, according to Plans approved by His Majesty, edimated at £.51,126 ——

In further Part of the Charge of building Barracks for Two Battalions of Foot at Minorca, and removing the Arraval at St. Philip's, edimated at £. 12,986. 8 s.pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 26 November 1770 ——

Towards fortifying and securing the Harbour of St. John's Newfoundland --------- - - *

6,642 11 6

3,648 15 —

500 -

2,565-----

1.000 -

7.000 -

2.000 -

5OO-----

10,582 15 "

2.000 — r ---

6.000 -

Charge

12 Geo. III.

29° Janu

Charge of Twenty 13 Inch Iron M»rt*rs with ,their Beds, ordered to be lent to Gibraltar, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 11 October 1 7 7 1 - . - - . ——

A Supply of Stores demanded for Gibraltar -

A Supply of Stores demanded for Yor-k ——

To Alterations and Improvements to the Royal Observatory at Greenwich ——

Towards repairing and altering the Royal Brass Foundery in Woolwich Warren ——

Towards rebuilding the Sluice, and repairing the Wharfing for Security of the Town and Citadel of Hull, and Country adjacent -

Towards the Charge of relieving fhd Companies Artillery hr the Mediterranean ——

Arms for the additional Companies of Light Infantry to Five Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 15 January 1772 -

Two hundred Tons of Salt Pet re - -

71 1 ." / ’

Expence of Services performed, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1771.

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova £. s. d.

from 1 January to 31 December 177* - - - - 2 76

Money issued to answer Bids of Exchange for carrying on the

turrent Service ----- - - - - , - - 650 f — >

Pay of superannuated and Half-pay Officers, with a Pension to a Director of Engineers’Widow, to 31 December 1771- - -

To Lieut. Col. JoJ'eph Brome, in Consideration of his Services in Flanders and Germany, trom 1 October to 31 December 1771, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 13 November 1771 -

Arms delivered to the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards-, the ift-2d and 7th Regiments of Dragoons, the 16th Regiment of Light Dragoons, 1 ft 2d and 3d R giments of Foot Guards; to 8-Companies of Artillery, and to sundry Regiments of Foot; pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 30 June, 5 October, and 14 Dccenf 1770; the-8 and 27 February; 5, 9, and 15 March; 15 Aprilj 3 and 9 May; 5 and 14 June-, 3, 8, 17, and 26 July; 9 August-, 4 November and December 1771 ——

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s- Warrants*. ' and 23 May 1771 - - - - *- - - ‘ - - * j '4; i

Arms ana Accoutrements delivered to the Militia-of-the Counties of

Norfolk, Cornwall, York', Lincoln, and Glamorgan, and Hie Wight j

pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 29 17691 -17707

27 April;and 26-March 1771 -

Ammunition delivered to 50 Regifn'ewi df Militia, pursuant t®His; Majesty’s Order, 18 May 1763 -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Paymasters of the Trains of Artillery in North America, on Account of fhtf S raff .'and

Contingencies, for 1771----

.: . .-itnrc.

Money issued for cartyingf -

- on die current Service,{ >, and Contingencies, at

«. f -

' tC‘ ‘ j-dA-ig <6 -4- 948-19-10-

398 3 —

512 16 8

Money issued towards carrying on a Survey of the Island of Dominica, and making Plans for the Defence,1 pursuant to His -Mhy<ffty?s Orders, .13 Febt* and 9 March 1770 - J -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn on Account of repairing the Fortifications and Barracks at Senegal and Senegambia -

The Charge of Freight and Provisions of Three Detachments of Artillery, from New York to Woolwich -

Bedding sent to Gibraltar for Use of 2 Regiments of Foot doing Duty there, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 18th Febr* 1771 - -

Arms and Ammunition delivered to Mr. Hutton, for Life of the People gone to settle on the Coast of Labrador, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council, 3 May 1769 ——

Saved by the vacant Posts of Master General, Secretary, Under Secretary, and Clerk to the Master General, for Five Quarters, ending 31 December 1771 ——

£> s- d-

1,060-----

4,442 11 4

3*454 6 —

1

700-----

5.000 -

4.000 -

3.000 -

432 lS ~~ ,9.099 -

431

£-. * d

1,170 2 6

37° 7 6

r

46 - -

; 10,442 — 3

i 452 > i 91 2

4,732 19 —

n > 1 . s

2,108 15 I

: 17,846 10 ',2!

3»°75 *5 6

73.528 13 10

215,883 17 4.

32,498 6 3

£.248,382 3 7

Conway. Charles Frederick.

Vol. 33.

Ordered\

432

29° Januarii,

A. 1772.

Ordered, I'hat the said Estimate do lie upon the Tabli, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordinary Mr. Butter, from the Commissioners for executing rEki*?jK ^e Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre-0 e avjr‘ fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The'Ordinary Estimate oFHis Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 177 2.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section; and the Abltradt thereof is as-followeth; viz. 1 .

ABSTRACT of the ORDINARY ESTIMATE of the NAVY, for the Year 1772.

N*

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto. -

£. s. d.

34,038 4 i

£. s d.

2. Superannuated Sea Officers - - -- -- ----- - 20,034 10 10

3. Pensions and other Allowances ---- - 6,276 16 7

4.] " Chatham <

5- Deptford -

6. 7* 1 > Yards. ( [ Woolwich Portsmouth

8. 1 Sheerness

9-J 1 1 L Plymouth <

3,295 1 6

3,142 11 4

2,520 8 8

4,054 14 6

1,813 4 6

3>245 9 6

10. Muster Matters and other Officers of the Out Ports ——

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein - -1- - . - -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging ——

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, Idc. - -

15. Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

26,311 7 5

18,071 10 o

5,110 16 11

45*47 18 7

x9»773 3 °

53,800 o o

100,241 o o 91,000 o o 1,231 17 6

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1772

394.725 6

To which may be added,

To the Governors of the Royal Hhospital at Greenwich, for the . Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the-Year 2772, Ten thousand Pounds ——

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1772, amounts to Four hundred and Four thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-live Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence.

10,000 o o

404,725 17 6

H. PalUJfer. J. Williams. T. Brett. R. Temple.

Ordered, »

King born, &c. new Writ.

Supply.

Foel'«

Nat.

Follifoot

Inclosilre.

Old Street Road.

12 Geo. III. 29" — 31°Januarii. 433

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warfant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Dyfart, Kirkcaldie, and Bruntisland, in the room of James Townsend Oswald, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Secretary for the Leeward Islan

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to l'everal Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next. 1

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 31° die Januarii;

Anno 12* Georgii III'" Regis, 1772. Praters.

A BILL for naturalizing John ,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Follifoot, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees acting by and in pursuance of Two Acts, made, one in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Stones End near Shoreditch Church, to the Centre of the Bridge in Old Street Road, and through Old Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Mid to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell Street; and the other in the 29th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make a Road from the Sign of The Red Lion, on Windmill Hill, through Worflnp Street, to the Ditch Side next the Eall Side of Holywell Mount, and through a certain Ground, to the Sign of The London Apprentice, in the Vol. 33.

Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Shoreditch, in

the County of Middlesex, or to lay open, repair, and widen, a Road from the said Lion, through the Dog Bar, into Old Street Road, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road sufficiently repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Glynn, Colonel Luttrell, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Prisonest Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Northampton, in Behalf of themselves, and all others now suffering under (Northampton.) the like unhappy Circumstances, in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Ditto: His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in the City of Bristol, (N*wS*te) in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Ditto: Majesty’s Gaol, the Castle of Lancaster, in Behalf of (l'aBer*' themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, EyoelWy, and other Inhabitants, residing in or near to the Parishes herein after mentioned, in the Counties of Huntingdon *' and Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Road leading from the West

End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots,

in the County of Huntingdon, through the Parish of

Eynesbury, in the said County, and through or near the

several Parishes of Croxton, Eltijley, Elfeworth, Caxtou

Bourn, Knapwell, Boxworth, ChilderCaldecott, Dry-

draton, Hardwick, Cumberton, Barton, and

Coton, in the County of Cambridge, to the Town of

Cambridge, is ruinous and narrow in many Places, and

cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course

of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House flia.ll seem

meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Ludlow, Lord Hincking-brook, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Landholders, Householders, and ®h^*nr» Parishioners, of the Town and Parish of Chatham, in Ro

5 S the

434

i° Januarii.

A. 1772:

the County of Kent, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Terra and Powers granted by Two several Acts of Parliaments, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads, from that Part of Chatham, which lies next the City of to Saint

Dunflaa's Croft, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and for repairing the Road leading from the said Road, at or near a Place called nade Corner, over Old Wives Leas, to Bay ham Cross and Shaltnsford Lane End, in the said County; and that, by the said Act, of the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, the Trustees thereby appointed are authorized to pay such Sum of Money as they shall think proper, for repairing such Part of the Road leading from chester to Chatham, which lies in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint Nicholas, in Rochester, between a Place called The Bank and the Gardiner’s Garden, extending from Saint Catharine’s Hospital to a Place near the Victualling Office in Chatham; which Act was further continued by an Act of the Seventeenth* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and that, as no specific Sum is appropriated by the said Act for repairing the said Road, it depends upon the Will of the Trustees, whether any, or what. Sum shall be granted for that Purpose; and for Twenty Years past no more than £. 150 appears to >have been applied thereto; and the Petitioners are informed, that no further Assistance is to be expected from that Trust, which they apprehend is contrary to the Intentions of the said Act of the Third of his late Majesty; and representing to the House, That the said Act has been executed in a Manner extremely partial, and contrary to the Interest of the Petitioners, a Toll Bar having Ireen erected at the End of the Town of Chatham, and that the Toll Bar next Canterbury is placed at least Three Miles distant from that City; and that divers Exemptions are granted in Favour of Goods passing through the Canterbury Bar, which are subject to a Toll at Chatham; and that the said Road from Rochester to Chatham is of Public Utility, particularly to His Majesty’s Dock Yard, Office of Ordnance, and Barracks, is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said intended Act, for the Petitioners Relief, by ascertaining the Sum to be paid by the said Trust, removing the said Gate the same Distance from the said Town of Chatham, as the said other Gate is distant from the City of Canterbury, or in such other Manner as to the House shall leem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next the City of Rochester, to Saint Cross,

near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and of several other Gentlemen of that Part of the said County, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Arnold Meyer and Peter Boetefeur, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir Cecil Wray do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed

7

Boetefeur’a

Nat.

Quintoa

inclosure.

and Commonable Lands; in the Parish of Quinton, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Fields arid Commonable Lands within the said Parish, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but which would be greatly increased in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations

' u

as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Barrozv and Sir William Guise do prepare, and bring in, the fame.-

Mr. Serjeant Glynn reported from the Committee, to iQingta* whom the Petition of the Vicar and principal Inhabi- ’sighi'j tants of the Town of Islington, in the Parish of Saint wfc£h» Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, was re- c ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Curtis, being examined, said, That the Town of Islington is very populous, and daily increasing in Buildings, and the Number of Inhabitants: — That frequent Robberies, Murders, and other Outrages, are committed there; several Instances of which he mentioned to the Committee; and added, That the lighting the said Town, and establishing a regular Nightly Watch, would be the most probable Means of preventing such Enormities for the future.

Hammond Cross, Esquire, and Mr. D. confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fdr lighting such Part of the Town of Islington, as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein: And that Mr. Serjeant Glynn and Sir Joseph Mawbey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, Chester, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, r^ncj, Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of the County of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three Acts, passed in the 6th, 11th, and 17th Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Dee, from the City of , to the Sea, were read: And,

Mr. William Griffith, being examined, said. That the Port of Chester is an ancient Sea Port, and that upwards of £. 70,000 has been expended in pursuance of the abovementioned Acts; but for want of an Inland Navigation, for Support of Trade, the Public cannot reap those Advantages from the said Port they would do, if a Canal was made from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the said City, to and

Nantwich; and that the same would be of pubkc Utility.

Mr. Samuel Weston, a Surveyor, produced a Plan of the intended Canal, w'ith the several Branches thereof, and said. That he took the Surveys and Levels therein described; and that the same is very practicable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

making

12 Geo. III.

31 oJanuarii.

435

making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, may be given to bring in a Bill within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near said, under such Restrictions Middlewich and Nantwieh, in the County of Chester:

And that Mr. WilbrahamBootle, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir

William Meredith, and Mr. Crewe, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Norwich

to

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put itl Soole Bridge Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth p^,', Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

for the Purpose afore-as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Bridges Brudenell and Mr. Noel do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Tonbridge

the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are there-

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the unto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made City of Norwich, to Scale Bridge, in the County of Nor- in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma-folk; and of several Persons, who have advanced and jesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in lent Money on the Credit of the said Act, was presented the County of Kent, to Swiftsden, in the Parish of to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Truf- Etchingham, and from Frant to Pojfmgworth Great tees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to

Sec.

Roads.

and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in repairing the same; and representing to the House, that the Restriction with respect to the erecting Turnpikes on the said Road has, as the Petitioners apprehend, prevented the Tolls producing so much as they would otherwise have done; and that the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road will not be sufficient effectually to repair the fame, and to pay off and discharge the Money already borrowed.

boys, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Farmer, being examined, said. That the

during the subsisting Term of the said Act: And there- Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said fore praying the House to take the Premises into Conli- Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money, amount-deration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a ing 10^.4,870, which now remains unpaid, and cannot Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, be repaid unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be and extending the Provisions thereof, and for increas- further continued and enlarged: That it will be necessary ing the Tolls upon the said Road, by such Ways and to erect a Gate on that Part of the Road, between Sleeche's

Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Cross and Tunbridge Wells, which by the Act the Trustees are restrained from doing j and that the Act is defective in other Particulars.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present

Polliogton,

See.

Indvfore.

And it is referred to Sir Edward dft ley, Mr. Pennant, Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, in the County of Kent, to Swiftsden, in the Parish of at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Etchingham, and from to PoJ/ingworth Great Wood, have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records. adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Black*

boys, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Harcourt, A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Mr. Fuller, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in.

Estates, Lands and Grounds, within the several Town-ships of Pollington, Bain, Whitley, and Whitley Thorpe,

Great Heck, and Little Heck, in the Parishes of Snaith

and Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of

York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners and others, if the same were divided, and allotted to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and That Twenty-five thousand Men be employed for the

the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Supply.

inclosing the said Lands and Grounds before mentioned, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Ilawkc do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Wing

laclolurc.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of agreed to by the House Land, in the Open and Common Fields of Wing, in the County of Rutland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Helds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Im-provenftnt; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave Vo*.. 33.

Sea Service, for the Year 1772, including Six thousand Six hundred and Sixty-four Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Twenty-five Thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Means.

Memorandum: An Order was here made,

the Thanks of this House be given " Reverend Doctor Nowell, for the Sermon

by

" That Dr. Nowell, to the

43<5 %\a JanuarU. A. 1772.

" by him preached Yesterday before this presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to ' ’ House, at Saint Margaret's, fPtfiminjitr; His Majesty,

" and that he be desired to print the fame; An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as

" and that Sir William Dolbenand Mr. Alex - it flood on the 31st December 1771: Andalfo, an derPopkant do acquaint him therewith An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary

which, by a subsequent Order of the House, for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of the 15th Day of February, was or- of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and dered to be expunged from the Votes of this other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed House. to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Or-

dinary, in the Year 1772.

Admiralty Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing And the Titles of the said Estimates were read. Estimatn. the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, The said Estimates are as followeth viz.

Naty

ft*

12 Geo. Ill*

3 i° Januarii,

437

Nary Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter men-a8th January 1772.3 tioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1771.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary* and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores* Freight of Transports, fcfr. supplied for the Service thereof ——

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Coyjjfe for Premium allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores *- -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1771* as also to several Bills of Exchange - - - .-

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to Establifttmeijt%iade by his late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf - - - " - -

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men, isfc.unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off - -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1771 -To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in the Course, for Slops, Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen* Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts, dsV. ——

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for short Allowance to Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, - and which have been paid off -

For paying all the Bills entered on their Course -

For Provisions delivered and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1771 - -

For Necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office -

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Six hundred and Forty-five thousand Three hundred and Fifty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthings From whence deducting the Money in Ibe Treasurer’s Hands -

And also the Money that remained to come in of the Supplies ——

Particulars.

£ s. d.

47*>277 16 9

21,764 13 0

64,967 0 5

169,946 0 0

59»521 16 4*

160,913 0 8

487,391 0 0

23.4*3 9 9

17,626 7 O

127,163 11 4

*3»OI3 3 10

2.369 4 2

10,885 *4 n

as on the other Side.

i "

The Debt will then be One million One hundred and Ninety-five thousand Four hundred and Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Two Pence Farthing ——

N. B. In this Debt is include^ for Charge of Transports between the 1 ft January 1771 and 31st December following -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ift of January 1771 and 31st December following, amounts to ——

For which Sum of £.16,033. *9- 3- no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Net Debt will then be. One million One hundred Seventy-nine thousand Three hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence Farthing ——

H. PuUifer, J. Williams. E, Mason. T. Brett. R. Temple.

V©L. 33.

163,884 16 3’-

286,036 It oj

16,872 15 I 161 4 a

5 T

Total.

787,477 6 61

671,717 10 3

171,058 o 5}

15,098 2 2

1,645,350 19 6

| 449.94* 7 4*

1,195,409 12

’ 16,033 *9 3

t.,79.3 15 12

Memorandum,

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1771, in Money, as undermentioned, and may be reckoned

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

4*

1-'

V

OQ

towards

D

CQ*

1 — h‘

N

CD

CL

cr

On the Heads of

I11 what Treasurer’s 1 Hands. J IN MONEY. r Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamens Wages. t 1 Viduals. TOTAL.

Right Honbl* George 7 Grenville, Esqr - 3 In Money - - - - D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen ----- £. s. d. 7,392 16 7 £. s. d. 1^58-j6 2 242 9 5 L; d. 2^9 19 J £ d. 23,474 2 ii

Right Honhu W 1 Lord Viscount Bar- > ring ton - J In Money - - - D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - ... 1 1 1 6,938 15 5 5»497 1 6 43 12 °i *.533 8 9* J 14,012 17 8i

Right Hon*1*/^ Lord 7 Viscount Howe -y In Money - - . - , -D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - 16,532 7 il 19,700 14 7! 7 18 Hi 2,975 8 ioi J 39,216 9 7

Right Honb,e Sir Gil- 7 bert Elliot, Bart, -j In Money - D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - - 22,807 5 — 58,517 8 ni 1,108 16 5 4,747 16 Si 87,181 6 10J

1 ✓ f v £- 53,67* 4 2 98,576 18 1 11,636 14 oi 163,884 16 3i

i/.i

There remained, on the 3ill December 177!, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1771

£. s. d. 286,0^. 11 oi

A

ft

-J

K>

O

r

fed

‘.’’Navy Office, 30th January 1772.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of^hips of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in'-ife Year 1772; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 27th Instant. e

W

O

n

Time when may be Charge of their r*.

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Nature of their Total.

Repair. t — Taken in hand Completed. Hulls, Mails, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

£ 1- £

Deptford ----- 74 Cumberland - - - Building - - In hand - . - November next - 15,000 3.747 18»747

r-f Culloden - - - - Building - - In hand - - GRober 1773 - 3,800 — 3,800

6f4 America - - - - Building - - In hand - - October 1774 - 7,000 — 7,000

28 Enterprize - - - Building - - In hand - - November 1773 2,400 2,400

Woolwich 74 Bedford - - - - Building - - In hand - - September 1775 5,000 — 5,000

64 Defiance - f Building - -Tobe set up when T In hand - - August aext 12,000 3,720 15,720

Ruby - - - < the Defiance is > launched - J 4,000 4,000

28 Surprize - - - r r New Ship - - - Building - - In hand - - September 1773 3>oooo — 3,000

— Building - - In hand - " - September 1773 1,200 — 1,200

Chatham ---- 90 Prince George - - Building - - In hand - _ - March 1773 14.400 4.708 19,108

\ — Formidable - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - . 4,000 . 2,500 2,689 7,689

64 Stirling Castle - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - - f 2,066 4,566

44 Roebuck - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - - 2,000 I>254 3>254

60 Medway - - - - Large - - In hand - - April next - - 1,000 1,000

H 1 1 1 1 Between middling 7 and large - j In hand - - November next .1.1,000 — 11,000

Sheerness ---- 5° - - - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - - 4,000 2,020 6,020

Portsmouth ----- 90 Princess Royal - - Building - - In hand - - December 1773 10,000 10,000

74 Berwick - - - - Building - - In hand - - September 1773 1,000 — 1,000

64 ----- Building - - . In hand - -. September 1773 1,000 — 1,000

74 ^'alt ant - - - Between middling ? and large - . 5 In hand - - December next 13,000 5,828 18,828

— Dragon - - - - Middling - - In hand - - December next 7,000 5»478 12,478

5° Prejlen - - - - Small - - - In hand. - - December next 3>5°° 4.1 °4 7,6.4 '

t-N)

VO

Geo. III. 3. j° Januarii.

Tfynmth

90 Duke - -

74 Conqueror -

64 Monmouth

Non such -

80 Foudroyant

100 New Ship

D

cq‘

N

CD

Q.

O"

River T

River M Harwich - -

Buckler's Hard

North am Hull -

River T

1»

River Medway Tar Point -

74 Vengeance

HeElor

64 Eagle - -

32 Amazon -

Ambuscade

5° IJis - -

28 6Yr<« - -

74 Sultan - -

5° Centurion

3* Orpheus -

64 Vigilant

32 Thetis

28 Greyhound

— Triton

5° Renown -

28 Fox - -

32 Diamond -

28 Boreas

32 Brune

Blonde

— Repulse

_ Tweed

— Vejlal

28 Aquilon

— Milford -

28 Coventry -

?8 Argo - -

Building

Building

Building

Building

Middling

Preparing

Frame

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Middling

Middling

Large

Middling

Small

Middling

Large

Middling

Large

- - In hand - - December 1776 8,000 8,000

- - In hand - - December 1774 6,000 6,000

- - In hand - - March next 3,000 3>^>I3 6,013

- - In hand - - December 1775 4,000 4,000

- - ----- December 1773 14,610 — 14,610

her 7

- J 2,000 — 2,000

Total King’s Yards - £. 166,410 38,627 205,037

HANTS YARDS.

- - In hand - - September 1774 8,805 1 _ 8,805

- - In hand - - September 1774 8,850 — 8,850

- - In hand - - September 1774 7,*00 — 7,200

- " In hand - - March 1773 - 2,340 — 2,340

- - In hand - - March 1773 - 2,34° — 2,340

- - In hand - - January 1774 - 4*74° 4»74®

- In hand - - January 1773 - 1,920 — 1,920

- - In hand - - September 1774 8,700 — 8,700

- - In hand - - March 1774 - 4.740 — 4»74°

- - In hand - - February 1773 1,180 — 1,180

- - In hand - - February 1774 7,050 — 7,050

m In hand - - February 1773 *,300 2,300

- - In hand - - August next 2,000 — 2,000

m — In hand - - August next 2,000 — 2,000

- - In hand - - April 1774 4.740 — 4.74®

- In hand - - March 1773 1,900 — 1,900

- " In hand - - F.b’itiry 1773 2,360 — 2,360

" In hand - -V; . next 1,970 1,970

- - In h ind - - tune next 3,000 — b 0 0

- In 1 and - - ,ir'y xt - - 2,500 2,50©

" - In han.l - - jiuecjl next 3.o-o 3,000

- - - December 1773 3,600 3,°co

----- December 1773 2,000 — 2,000

December 1773 2,000 2,009

- - In hand - - May next - - 2,000 — 2,000

- - In hand - - J Next Month - 2,000 — 2,000

- - In hand - - Dcamber next - 3,000 — - 3,000

Merchants Yards - - 97»6.t5 y — 97635

Grand Total for the Ships - - * £. 264,045 38,627 302,672

'1

440 31 ° Januarii.

On Works of the Yards.

o

<- Portjnmtk -

Plymouth

V/\

c

On Works of the Yards.

On erecting Buildings to carry on the Public Service, in room of those destroyed by the late Fire ..... To completing the Deepening and Masonry, &c. of the Sides of the Reservoir To completing the main Drain on the South Side of the new South Dock into the Harbour, making a Dam, feV. and per- X 3611 14,500 4.189

To carrying on the South Side of the South Channel To completing the Boundary Wall, 800 Feet in Length - -- - - -- -- -To making a Channel between the Two Mast Houses, for conveying Masts to and from them - To building the Matter Ropemaker's House - -- -- -- --To building Hemp House, Letter L - -- - - -- -- -- --To building a Whart Wall to inclose the Yard, 500 Feet in Length - -- - - -- - 4,000 993 1,932 739 2,693 5,638.

Towards erecting Sheds for seasoning Timber - -- -- -- 9,960

Total - - 48,267

Towards providing and laying into His Majesty’s Dock Yards, 3,500 Loads of Foreign Oak Timber, Knees, and Thick Stuff, to be used on the current Repairs only of His Majesty’s Ships in this Year, that the Annual Supply of English Oak Timber may in Part be laid up, to be used hereafter in a seasoned State, in carrying on the Buildings of His Majesty’s 25,000

Grand Total - - 375,939

ABSTRACT.

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards jUgging'and Stores - I For the Ships in the Merchants Yards — Hulls -

97>(>3S- 9763S

302,672

To restoring Buildings, in room of what were burnt - -- 3,623

Towards the Improvements in the Yards - -- - 34,684

Towards erecting Sheds for seasoning Timber - -- 9,960

Towards providing and laying into His Majesty’s Dock Yards, 3,500 Loads of

Foreign Oak Timber, Knees, and Thick Stuff - -- - 25,000

0

0

OQ

?T

Grand Total - - - 375,939

Viz. The Sum of Three Hundred Seventy-five thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds.

H. PalliJJer.

4*

4>

J. Williams. E, Maf

12 GeO. Ill* 31® .

Criminal

Laws.

Dunstable

and

Hockliife

Roads.

Corn, Grain, &c.

Salted Beef, Poikj *c.

44^ 3l0

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to Capital Offences; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Bun-bury, Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet upon Mon-

day Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Trustees nominated, constituted, and appointed, in, or by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the a6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making mote effectual, Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the 9th and 12th Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann, and the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunjlab/e and Hcckliffe, in the County of Bedford; and also for repairing the Road from the

Sign of The White Horse to the Sign of King's Arms,

in Hockliffe aforesaid, and of divers other Persons, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act of the 26th Year of his late Majesty is nearly expired; and that several Sums of Money, borrowed on the Credit thereof, and of the said several other Acts, are yet unpaid; and that the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, except the Tolls, Terms, and Powers of the said Acts, are continued and enlarged; and alledging, that the Road between the Waggon and IJorfes Inn and the Bull Inn at Dunstable, heinga ftnall P,art of another great Road, joining to the said Roads, is greatly out of Repair, and cannot be repaired without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Tolls, and enlarging the Powers and Authorities granted by the said several Acts, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, from the Expiration of the aforesaid Act <Jf the 26th Year of his late Majesty, and for repairing the said small Part of the said other great Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ongley, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

m

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from 'Ireland, for a 6

- 30 Februarii, . 1772*

limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef; Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Corn imported into England, from Christmas 1765 to the ioth of 1771, which is as far as the same can be made up;

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read."

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.-

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 120 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

PfAMES Samuel Jequiertook the Oaths appointed, J in order to his Naturalization.,

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, Lords of the Manor of Stoke Prior, in the County of Worcester, and Improprjators of the Great Tythes of the said Parish of Stoke Prior, John fames Majendie, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar of the said Parish of Stoke Prior, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, beijig Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the same Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, several Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, containing, by Estimation, 400 Acres, or thereabouts; which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners and other Persons interested, it would be very beneficial to the Petitioners and the rest of the Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting and inclosing the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, under such Regulations and restrictions as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dotvdefwell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing such Part of the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Tar-debig, as lies in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for inclosing the Common Fields, Break Lands, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the P u ilh of Roud-ham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Supply.

Corn;

Stoke

Prior

IadofurQi

Tardebff I a cloture.

Roudham In closure.

i 2 Geo. lit

Jcquier’s

Nat.

Peers

Nat.

Wooley

laclosure.

3° Februarii.

443

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey, Sir Edward Act ley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or interested in, the several Open Fields, Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manors and Parishes of Kemble and Pool, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the different Propeitics in ‘the said Fields lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying* That Leave may be given to bring , in a Bill for inclosing the said Fields, Common of Pasture, and other the Commonable Waste Lands, in such Man- Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom ner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall the Bill for naturalizing John Poel, was committed; seem proper.

A Bill for naturalizing James Samuel 'was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brearton

laclosure.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pewuddock, Mr. Edward P and Mr. Garth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Penzance, in the County of Cornwall, in the Hundred and

Mtver*i, Set* Nat.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. a Petition of the Fritoners confined for Uebt in Fen-

for Debti

Mr. Daniel Lajeelles presented to the House, accord- Liberty of Behalf of themselves and all other Penzance,

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Debtors: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in IpJ- Ditto: wick Gaol, in the County of Suffolk, on Behalf of them- IpfwiclK selves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Moors, or Commons, called Moor and Brearton

Moor, within the Manor of Brearton, in the Tariff! of Knaresbrough, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Arnold Meyer and Peter Boetefeur: And the same was re* cived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields of Wooley, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in- small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement j and that, if the same were divided and m-

The House being informed that Mr. Seddon, from Westminster the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Br»dg«-Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 12 th Day of December 1770 to the 29th Day of January 1772, inclusive:

And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of Olio-

dosed, It would be of great Advantage to the Parties her 1770, to the 5th Day of January 1772; together with

Clareton,

Se

Indofa're.

interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Hinchingbrook and the Lord Ludlow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Frankland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clareton zeh'th Coneyftrop, and a Piece of Waste Ground, called Shortftll, in the Manor of Allerton with Fiaxby, all in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

a Refit Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received, from 5th July 177010 5th July 1771.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the faiad State and Accounts were read.

Ordered, Tint the said Books do lie upon the Table,-to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

survivorship.

Ordered, Tint there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Nominees, upon Survivorffiip, that have died between Midf 1693 and the 5th

A petition of the several Freeholders and others, Scaftworth, in the Parish of Everton, and County Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of Scaftworth aforesaid, several Open Commons, Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Persons interested therein, it would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying.

of ScafiwottH 0£ Inclosuffr

Day of January 1772; distinguishing the Number that That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing

have died in each Year, together with an Account of the Number and Names of the Nominees now living.

Nominees. Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the Public Debts outstanding at the Ex-

Kemble,

&c.

inclosure.

and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir chequer, orf the 5th Day of January 1772, together with Thomas Frankland and Sir George Savile do prepare, and t%e Annual Interest payable thereupon. bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charles Coxe, Esquire, and Elizabeth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Callington

his Wife, and the several other Persons whose Names Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Vol. 33. * shall

444 3* Febru 1774.

shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of James Btiller Esquire.

Salted Beef, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Pork, 4c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the Dominions in or a limited Time; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mazvbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mazvbey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Old Street Sir Richard Glynn reported from the Committee, to Ko»d. whom the Petition of the Trustees acting by and in pursuance of Two Acts, made, one in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Stones End near Shoreditch to the Centre

of tfte Bridge in Old Street Road, and through Old Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, to the West

End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell Street; and the other in the 29th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make a Road from the Sign of The Red Lion, on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the East Side of Holywell Mount, and through a certain Ground, to the Sign of The London Apprentice, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, or to lay open, repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into Old Street Road, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Benjamin Barnsley, Clerk to the said Trustees, being examined, laid, The Acts have been put in Execution, and the Roads repaired, but that the Sum of £.3,400 is owing on the Credit thereof: That the said Acts have been found deficient in many Respects, particularly there is no Power to widen the Road, nor to erect Side Gates to prevent Evasion of the Tolls: And he added, That the said Road cannot be continued in good Repair, and made commodious, nor the Money owing thereon be paid off, unless the Powers of the said Acts are enlarged, and the Term further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. and Mr. Alderman Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Com, G«i resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon *< the Bill to continue for a lurther Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn,

Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Timej be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow . Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House* to WaftnJ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean* consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Sir Charles Whitworth- reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Sopplj. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; ,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from the 25th December 1771 to the 24th December 1772, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from

December 1771 to 24th December 177 2, both Days

inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Establishment of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the lile of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, from 25th December 1771 to 24th December 177a, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of th,£ Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

i2 Geo. III.

3 — 4

Februaru.

445

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge, of Half Pay, and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Ckelfea Hospital, for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and.Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Rftirpate of the Charge thereof figr the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of she Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1772, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the fad Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charier Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolut ions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to PJis Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the; Clock.

Mart is 40 dip Februarii; Anno 12* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1772.

Poel’s

Nat.

King’s

Sedgmooc

Drainage,

Prayers.

ARNOLDMEYER and Peter Boetefeur took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Poel, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Poel.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lowndes reported frony thft Committer, to whom the Bill for naturalizing James Samuel Jequier, was. committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill.in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

tituled, An Act to continue, and amend, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time j and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, _Pork,

Bacon., and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Lords of the Manor, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the several Parishes and Hamlets of Somerknt, Cumpton Dun-don, Street, Walton, Aijhcott, Grienton, wick, and divers other Parishes and Hamlets, interested in a Tract: of Waste Ground, called King’s in

the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Tract of Ground is very extensive, consisting of several thousand Acres, and at present of little Value, being very marshy, and subject to be overflowed; and that it is very difficult, if not impracticable, on Account of its vast Extent, to deleft and prevent Trespasses on the fame, in its present Situation; and that the said Ground is, in its Nature, very capable of Improvement, by being properly drained; and that Trespass'es on the same would be easily detested and prevented, if the said Tract: of Ground was divided and inclosed- into separate Districts, for the separate Use of the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Manors, entitled to Right o^Common in the lame, which would be an Undertaking extremely beneficial to the.

Public, and particularly advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the said Tract; of Land, and for railing Money for those Purposes - by a Tax upon the said Lands, or otherways, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Coxe, Mr. Allen, &c.: And fhfcy are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order; reported Corn, Grain, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the &e'

Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue -the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain,

-Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also tb prohibit the Exportation of Malt, for a limited Time, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which ,they had directed hirh to report to the House’i atS^hifr' read1 the Report id his Place; and afterwat^ delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were On^e read throughout; -and then a Second Time,

One by*£)ne; and, ^tipon ' the Question severally put

Salted Beef, Sir Jo’feph Mawbey, according to Order, reported perk, 4tc« from the Committee of the whole; House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act. made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in-Vol. 33,

thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,

be

ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Way* and from the Committee of the whole House, to wh«tfn it Meaa».

5 X was

446 4° Februarii. A. 1772.

was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was lead j and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply' granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which lhafi be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, to the Twenry-foyrth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles the Lord

North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr.

Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including One thousand Five hundred and Twenty-two Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Forty-seven Effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Twenty-nine thousand Four hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence and Seven-eight Parts of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Forty -feveu Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land. Forces, in Great , Jersey,

and Guernsey, for the Year. One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-eight thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven'Pence and Three Farthings, be. granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North , Nova

Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded , and

Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded islands, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Three hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Seven Shillings, and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Forty-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great , and

were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-Two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifteen thousand Seven hundred Sixty-five Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His. Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Two hundred and Eighty-one Pounds and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards Reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Fdur Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-four thousand Eight hundred and Thirteen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Fifteen thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Four hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not pravided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred’ and Seventy-one.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Army: punishing Mutiny and- Desertion, and for the better . Payment of the Army their Quarters: And that DecrUon‘ the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and tiring in, \hd feme.

\ ' *" >*> \

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Lobcombe put in Execution am Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Comer, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act D^t for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Comer, in the Parish of Winterflow, to Ham-ham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Cornier of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook and from thence to Eating, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Teflwood, to Ealing aforesaid,

in the County of Southampton, and of the Creditors

under

i2 Geo. III.

Februarii

447

under the same Act; and also of the Mayor and Com- Mr. Fuller, Sir William and Sir Charles

monalty of the City of Nezv Sarwn, and several of the worth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and '

near the said Cjty, whose Names are thereunto sub- A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the ti;ribed,#was presented to the House, and read; Setting City of New was presented to the House, and

Torth; That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execu- read; Setting forth, That, by an. Act, made in the tion of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable 16th and 17th Years of King Charles the Second, for Sunn of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby making the River Avon navigable, from granted, which, together with the Money collected, to the City of New Sarum, the Haven, River,- Channel,

Avon

Navigation.

have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the' said Act; and that the said Road cannot be suffi-^ciently amended and kept in Repair for the future, and the Money repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are further continued and enlarged; and that the Road from that'Part of the and Ring-

Trenches, and all Weirs, Wharfs, Saffes, Locks, Turnpikes, Pens for Water, and all other Things whatsoever, made and erected in order to the making the Haven, and making navigable the said River and Channel, should from thenceforth be in the foie Rule, Order, and Survey, of the Undertakers and Commis-

woodTurnpike which- suns near the House of Francis lionets, and not subject to any Laws relative to Sewers; Fry, in the Parish of Cadenha m,through Pollards Moor, and that, after passing the said Act, the Powers thereby across the Sarum and Ealing Turnpike, to Lambs Comer, given were partly carried into Execution; but the na-

and from thence* to Lyndhurst, in the County of South- vigating the said River was soon found to be attended ampton, and also a short Cut, of Branch, from the with so many Difficulties and Inconveniences, that it did laid Sarum and Ealing Turnpike, near a Place called not answer the Purposes intended, and is now wholly Hampton Ford, to Lambs Corner, are in a ruinous Con- discontinued, and many Nuisances and Obstruct:ions dition, and in many Places very incommodious, and have arisen, and been made, in the said. River, to the cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course . Prejudice ofthp said City and its Neighbourhood, and of Law; and that, if Power was given <0 enlighten- may in Time subject them to greater Injuries, unless the such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the said same are removed, which, the Petitioners apprehend. City, it would be of great Convenience to all Persons' cannot be done, but by repealing the said Clause, and travelling thereon; and that, if Power was likewise making the said River liable to the Laws of Sewers, as

given for repairing and paving the Footways within the said City, and collecting a Sunday's Toll, and a daily Toll during the Salisbury Race Week, to be raised at all the Avenues leading to the said City, and for erecting necessary Gates for that Purpose, it would be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the said proposed additional Roads, and' enlightening such Parts of the Roads to be amended under the present Act as lie within the said City, and also for. repairing and paving the Footways within the said City, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr.

dock. Sec.:And they are to meet To-Morrow Morn-

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

the same was before making the said Act: And therefore praying. That the said Clause, exempting the said River from a Commission and the Laws of Sewers, may be repealed, and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enable Henry Peyton, Esquire; lately called Da(hwocd*s Henry Dashwood, and his Issue, to take and use the Sur- Name,

name and Arms of Peyton, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Peyton, Baronet, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, 'f'hat the Bill be. committed to Sir Edward Afllcy, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And. they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five oif the Clock, in the Speaker*

Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Westminster who are appointed to enquire into the State of the Nightly Nightly Watch, within the City and Liberty of West-»minster, and to report the lame, with their Opinion

Watch.

Debtor!: (Reading.)

D*

(Cardiff.)

D°

(Deton.)

(Ring's Bench.)

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- thereupon, to the House; That they do also enquire into

the State of the Nightly Watch, within the Parish of , Saint Clement Hanes, the Liberty of the Savoy, the Li-,berty of Saffron the Pirflh of Saint Hoi-

born, the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, the Parish of Saint Giles, and the Parish of Saint George, bury, within the County of Middlesex-, and report the fame; with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Jafolvrnt

Debtor!.

cords.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol at Reading, Berks, in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several PrHons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in diff Gaol, Glamorganshire, in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Sheriff’s Ward of the County of Devoni in Behalf oif themselves, and others confined for Debt in the different Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the King's Bench Prison, in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prifoqj of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distrtfs, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions Were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of Iqfclvpnt Debtors: And that Mf.' Onslow, Voc. gg.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow - Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mtrcurii, 5* dieFebruarii;

Anno ia° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772.

Praysas.

SI R Richard Glyn presented to the House, accord- Old Street, ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and p*c;

__ing __________, w _

Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and

Twenty-

448

Februarii.

A.

1772

J-Viicr’s

iNat.

Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Kng George the Second, for repairing and widening

Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing James Samuel Je-(jitier, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing James Samuel JSquier.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chatham A Petition of the Proprietors, Landholders, House-10 holders, and Parishioners, of the Parishes of Saint -C*Boad0ry Zaret an^ Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two several Acts of the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads, from that Part of Chatham which lies next the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunjian's' Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for repairing the Road leading from the said Road, at or near a Place called Makenade Corner, over Old IVives Leas, to Bay ham Cross and ShaJmsford Lane End, in the said County; and that the Trustees appointed by the said Acts are authorized, out of the Tolls to be collected, 'or Money borrowed, by virtue thereof, to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, for repairing such Part of the Road leading from Rochester to Chatham, which lies in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint Nicholas, in , Rochester, between a Place call The Bank, and the Gardener’s ’ Garden, extending from Catharine'%

Hospital, to or near the Victualling Office in Chatham; and that, as no specific Sum is thereby appropriated For repairing the find Road, it depends on the Pleasure of the said Trustees, what, or whether any. Sum shall be applied for that Purpose; and that, from the Commencement of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, a very small Sum of Money, no way proportionable to the Sums raised, hath been granted for repairing the said Road; apd that the'Petitioners have great Reason to believe no further Assistance will be granted them by the said Trustees from that Fund, they having been informed that the Money already granted was only a voluntary Bounty; and that the said Road is of public Utility, is in a very Tuinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, for repairing such Part of the said Road from Rochester to Chatham, which lies in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint Nicholas, in Rochester, between a Place called The Bank and the Gardener’s Garden there, extending from Saint Catharine's Hospital, to or near the King’s Victualling Office in Chatham, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from that Part of Chatham which lies next the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunjian's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and of several other Gentlemen of that Part of the said County, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition { and report the fame, as it shall appear to

them, to the House.

. . - 1

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, ac-

1

cording to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, Plymm-Ji passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s ^'ce* Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town c' of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, Tphat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Malt, cording to Order, a Bill for continuing, and granting fcc-to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1772: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Debtors . Sheriff's Ward of the County of Devon, in Behalf of (Dc*°n) themselves and others, confined for Debt in the different Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the D* Castle <Jf Chester, on Behalf of themselves, and also of (Chester.) all other Debtors confined in- the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in thfc D* Prison of the Town of Hertford, in the County of (Hertford.) Hertford, in Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- Army: ing to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Defcnion. Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Earl of Suinby Harborough, was presented to the House, and read; Incloswe* Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Owner of the principal Part of the Lands, in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Lands, in the Liberties of Stainby, in the County of Lincoln; and apprehends it would be for the Benefit and Advantage of all the Parties interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Lands, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That "Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayet of the said Petition: And that Mr.

George Bridges Brudenell and Lord Brozvnlow Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition* of the Right honourable Robert Earl of Stapleford

Har borough-,was presented to the House, and read; fed?furt-Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Owner of the principal Part of the Open Field Land?, Meadows, and Commons, in the Liberties of Stapleford, in the County of Leicester; and apprehends it would be. for the Benefit and Advantage of all the Parties interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in such Manner as to the Hqtylb may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purr suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

George Bridges Brudenell and Sir John Palmer, do pre-. pare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petitioi)

i a Geo. III. 50 Februarii.

449

'Lanark A Petition of the Heretors and others concerned in Road*. the Roads after mentioned, in the county of ,

was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the High Road leading from Inglefton by

Biggar, to Leadhills, and from thence to the March of the County towards Mcnmck and , and the

High Road from the Confines of the County of Lanark, near Corfethill, by Carnzva Carjiairs,

Parish-holm, and from thence to the Confines of the County, near to Muirkirk-, and the High Road from the Confines of the County near to Loch-head, by or near E/frichle, Carnzvath, Carjiairs, Carluke, and

to the Chapel of Ease on the Road from Edinburgh to Glasgow, and the High Road from Hamilton, by -

mtln Elvanfcot, and to the Confines of the County of Lanark, near to Moffat, are, in the Winter Season or wet Weather, almost impassable for Carriages, and dangerous for Persons on Horseback, and many Parts thereof are very incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, without some Provision be made by Parliament for those Purposes, and also for removing Doubts that have arisen concerning the Interpretation of some former Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition Be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Ross, Mr.

stone, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lobcombe The Lord Folkestone reported from the Committee, to Coroer, whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed &c* to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Road*. yearoptjjC Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of to Ham-

ham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parillies of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Tejiwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, and of the Creditors under the same Act; and also of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Nezv Sanim, and several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and near the said City, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, r.s it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed]; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Elder ton, Treasurer and Clerk to the said Trustees, produced an Account, whereby it appears, that £. 5,600 is owing on the Credit of the said Act, which, he said, has been duly applied in repairing the said Roads; but that they cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged.

Mr. John Newby, being examined, said, That the several other Roads mentioned in the Petition are ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Joseph Elderton, being again examined, said. That if Power were given for enlightening such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the City of New , Vol. 33.

and for repairing and paving the Footways within the said City, it would be of great public Utility. — Which Evidence was confirmed by several Members present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winterjlow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of Nezv Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Teftzvood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Rumsey and Ringzv Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lambs Corner, in the said County of Southampton-, and for repairing the Footways within the said City: And that the Lord Folkestone, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Fox, and Mr. Huffey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill to continue for a further Time, an Corn* Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Monk, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing Maltsters who are

Millers to have more than Five Quarters of Wheat.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Salted Beef, Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Pork»tcc-Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from lre/and, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the Dominions in America, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Enfield to the Petition of the Trustees nominated, constituted, and Hertford

£ y appointed, Ko*a*'

45° 5 ° Februarii. . 1772.

appointed in, or by virtue of an Act of Parliament, and when the Accounts were last settled, upon the 29th passed in the a6th Year of the Reign of his late Ma- of 1771, no more than 83. 13*. 3 remained . jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for con- in the Hands of the Treasurer; and that the said Roads tinuing and giving further Powers to the Trustees cannot be effectually repaired, and the Debt discharged for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, for during the Continuance of the said Acts; but on the repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the contrary, it will be necessary to encrease the Tolls, as County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and the Roads grow worse, and the Debt encreases; and a other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and of divers great Sum of Money is now wanting to put the said other Persons, whose Names are subscribed, residing Roads in proper Repair.

in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Mr. John Scott, being examined, said, That the Road Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- between the End of Hertford Town, and Amwell End, tion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap- near , is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report paired and widened by the ordinary course of Law. in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Table. continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, for

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the taken the Oaths, and made anti subscribed the Declara- County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and also, for and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an repairing the Road from the End of the Town of Hert-Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed ford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the said County, of the Oath of Qualification according to the Laws made HertfoAnd that Mr. Plumer, Mr. Halsey, Mr. John for those Purposes; Calvert, Mr. Feilde, and Mr. Baker, do prepare, and

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; bring in, the fame. viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Snrplnflb. Acts, one made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Address to His Majesty,

King George the First, and the others in the Sixth and Surplusses, Hated the jth Day of April 1771: And Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, were read: also,

And, Surplusses, Hated the 10th Day of October 1771.

William Bayntun, Esquire, Treasurer, and William And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

Windus, Clerk to the Trustees appointed by the said The said Surplusses are preserved amon^ft the other

Acts, being severally examined, said, That the Sum of Papers of this Session; and the Abtliufts thereof

£. 2,300 is now owing, on the Credit of the said, Acts; are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT

ie

ABSTRACT

r

u

The E XCHEQUE R to the SINKING FUND -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1771; viz* Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1)

D» — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio 2) -D° — of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) -

O

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

To MONIES brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz. The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii a*1, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 30 Georgii 2^ -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 160 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to D° Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18° Georgii zdi, for the Service of the Year 174$, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1740, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii ad, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - < -

The Duty of 6/1. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6 Georgii iml, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - .

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di - -

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, orought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -The Duty of 3/. 4el. per BuQiel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2di -

The Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 70 Georgii 2 1 -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° G/ergii 2H|, for raisine the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England> brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2^ - - - . - -

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to ,the Bank of England, brought 10 this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii zdl . -

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, £lc, and other Exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii z^ To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii zdi.

1771, pursuant to

£. /. d.

,5»7°4----

9,680 — —

19,086 9 %\

21,318 14 z\ 37,830-----

153,1,1 3

44 »4 *

a.,o8 — —

98*15 9 io£ 111,471 7 —

3*457 ~ 1-

20,862 17 4

,1,063 13 5

3t,996 -

5,784----

Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 177:.

d.

H

2

# Per Centra..... -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Inter eft, due the 5th Day of January 1771, being after the Rate of £, 3 per Centum per Annum on the principal Sum of £. 39,281,521. 5 /. id. £, subscribed to the Joint Stock of £ 3. per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25°, 28°, 290, 3 20, and 33° Georgii 2dlf and 40,6°, 7°, 8°, and 10° Georgii 3d1, in that Behalf By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the tame Half Year - -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Interest due the 5th of April 1771, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum on the principal Sum of £. 19.183,323. 16/. 4V. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25°

Georgii 2*, and 50 Georgii 3d1, in that Behalf ....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the tame Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Si* Months and 38 Days Interest, at^. 3 10 /. per Centum per Annum, on £. 1,500,000 due the z 2th Day of February 1771, when the same was paid off and redeemed, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3d1, which said £. 1,500,000 was Part of Two Millions, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2di, in that Behalf - -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of January 1771, being after the Rate of £. 3. per Centum per Annum on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 transferable atthe&«/£ Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of ^he Year 1751, pursuant to an Act 24° Georgii 2di, in that Behalf By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, for IJalf a Ye^T’s , Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities due at the tame Time, pursuant to the same Act, in that Behalf - -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2and charged on this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the 5 th Day of January 1771 -

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivor/hir, payable at the Exchequer, granted apd charged on this Fund by an Act j° Georgii 3d*, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1771 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for'Half a Year’s Annuity due the 5th Day of April 1771, on £. 18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £. 20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of £.\ per Centum Annuities by an Act . 20 Georgii 3lii) is reduced, by the Sum of £. 1,253,700 having been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii - - - - - - " ~' -

Dy Dkto, for Charges of'Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Coihpan)} of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3d1, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made*one, Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5 th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3,li, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1771 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of thfc Bank of England, forjChaeges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five Millions borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii 2di, for the Service-of the Year 17*58: Which said Management is charged on this Fund, by a Clause in the (hid Adl,i fop-the^ Half Yearjended. the 5th Day of January 1771 ': . ir,< - 1 r \ i

v- By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and'Coihpatoy* of’ the Bknk'of'fingJund, to reimburse Fees andcCharges at tHeTreafiiry and'Exchequer,* for Warrants fopypa fling and proving Accounts r of Contributions for Annuities and Lotteries, Amt 1767 and 17689 and for

r

O

£. /. d.

589,222 16 4f 10,966 18 6|

*87,749 >7 5*395 6 if

3!>7l5 *5 1 5°9 H 4

31,50a----

590 12 6

4*99* *7 6 270 —

r x ' 379,726----

- '5r&9 17

124,125---- r

1,745 10 if

9 1.

1,406 s —

,»')> 15

12 Geo. III. 5'Februarii. 451.

D

cg

r+

n'

CD

Q_

O

Tilt several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought, to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29* Gsm-gii zdl 5,625 — —

To the additional Stamp Duties on Paiaphlett and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2^, brought to thu Account pursuant to an Act 3a0 Georgii zdi . - ‘ - 34,717 — *

Torthe additional Duty on Coals expected, thelike - - . - 5*544 10 8

To the Surplus of the new Duty-on jLicence* to retail Wine, the like ------- 1,073 10 2*

To Ditto of the Doty, on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the

like - - 16,830 7 4

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 3 a0 Georgii a4*, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii a*1 - - ---- 114,364 5 uf

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - 2,009 — —

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 320 Georgii zdl,

and 50 Georgii 3d1 - - -- -- 1,844 — "

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquocs, granted by an Act 24° Georgii act, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2° Georgii 3d1 - - -- -- - 22,358 — 6

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2di, and 6° Georgii alii, brought to this Account pursuant to Ada 2° and 6° Georgii 3*" ---- 148,230 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act Georgii

3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - - 27,549 — —

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2dl, brought

to this Account pursuant to one other Act a° Georgii 3d1 - - 57*920 — —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40

Georgii t'1' - - -.....- 227,345 — — j

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several Raft India Goods, fcfr. granted and made a Part of thia.

Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1 - - - - 12,017 13 4!

To the additional Dirties upon Policies of AfTuranee, the like - - 1,005 — —

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6°

Georgii 3d1 - - - 1,386 — I of

To the additional. Sub fid y upon East India Wrought Silks, &e. granted

and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6# Georgii 3d1 - - 7,663 7 4

To the additional Duties upon Bail or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse Hair Hats and Bonnets, fcfr. granted by an Act 70 Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 70 Georgii 3tU - 40 — —

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act

70 Georgii $til - - - -..... 39 HS

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3d', brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8°

Georgii 3d*..... 31,147 x6 *f

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3di, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Ad 8°

03 GtorSi, 3'".....4,545 — —

CO

H

O

H

v

1,65.033 6 — }

£.*,307,10* 1 — I

Reference*, Report*, and Imprest Roll*; a* also for Fees at the Pipe Office, in obtaining a Quietus for Years, ending the 5th of July 1769 ....

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid to the Auditors of the Imprefts*, for examining and auditing Accounts of Annuities, granted 1756 and 1758, confoltdated/\ $perCentum Annuitiesanl Long Annuities for Two Years, to the ,5th Day of July 1769, reduced Annuities and confoltdated £. 4 per Chnfum Annuities for Two Years, to the 5th Day of April 1769, £ 4 -per Centum Annuities, granted Anno 1763, for One Year and "Three Quarters, to t^e jth Day of January 1769, and for £. 4 per Centum Navy Annuities, Three Quartern, to the ► 25th Day of December 1767 - - *- -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January of the Taut on . Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 31° Georgii 2^, with a Moiety of £.93,217. 10/. id. per Annum charged on the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, for answering and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act 31* Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1738, whicia Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Firfr Supplies to be granted in Parliament^ pursuant to a Clause in the said Act in that Behalf -

By Calli taken in full of £. 1,700,000, granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the Year 1770, pursuant to an Act ioj Georgii 3tU, in that Behalf -

*»3&3 12

18,431 9 s

27,107 9 a* 82,84$ 11

*615,124 13 3l

By Calli remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1771, for the Disposition of Parliament - - 691,977 7 9

£. 2,307,102 I

This being the Ninety-seventh Half Yearly Account, made »p pursuant to an Act 9®

Georgii I01* (Page 367) is humbly presented this $th Day of Februay 1772, by ©«

Grey Cooper,

453 5 rebruar 1772.

Oi

u>

N

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

ABSTRACT of the said Surpluses*

c

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND

To Cash remaining the re on the 5th Day of 1771, for the Disposition of Parliament —

T0 Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 10th Day of (Jfiober 1771; viz* £. j.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1) - . - - 936*665 3

D° — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio a) - - 127,760 3

D° — of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) - - - 417,042 13

d.

4*

Si

H

D*

£ 691,977 J

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act n° Georgii iml.....- ---

i *481 >07 19 4$

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of 0 Bober several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz*

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 2dl for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 50 Georgii 2di -Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 160 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuaitf

to D°....

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an A a 190 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year I74&> brought to this Account pursuant to D° - . - -

The Duty of f)d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate# granted by an Act 6° Georgii xml, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by*all Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 3 Georgii,2^ - -

Surplus of the Duties on House^ and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii l, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - - -

The Duty of 3/. 4 d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2di -

The Duty of 12 j. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought-to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2,[i - -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2dh for raising the Sum of ^.1,250^000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pc rfuant to an Act *8° Georgii, a*1 - -

Surpitu of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act 1° Georgii 2 , for raising the Sum of1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought , to this Account pursuant to the said Act 1H0' Georgii zii -

1771, pursuant to the £ '

18,373 16 s

I7»,3 4-4

28,135 it ji

25,927 18 61 50,626 o o

83,304 11 6£

4,481 o o

114,208 13 i£ 114,999 o 6£

5,661 o o

37>5, S '9

36,259 12 j

35 9

ii

dated the xoth Day of October 1771.

d.

r 9

Per Contra .....: -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of July 1771* being after the Kate of/. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of /. 39,281,521. 5I\d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of/. 3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25°, 28°, 29°, 32’, and 330 Georgii 2dl, and 40, 6°, 7°, 8°, and 10° Georgii 31*1, in that Behalf -

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half

Year..... ....

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Intersil due the 10th Day of October 1771, being a/ter the Rate °f/. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of /. 191183,323. 16/. 4 d. the Amount of the Joint S ock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 250 G. orgii 2di, and $° Georgii 3^, in that Behalf By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By Half a Year’s Annuity due the 5th Day of July 1771, being after the Rate of /. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of /. 2,100,000, transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to an Act 240 Georgii 2'11, in that Behalf By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seat, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act ——

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2'1, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2d‘, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1771 By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the" Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October ijyi By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the lQth Day of October 1771. on /. 18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of /. 20,240,000 (made One Joint Stock of /. 4 per Centum Annuities, by an Act 2° Georgii 3lii) is reduced, by the Sum of /. 1,253,700 having been lubscribed for /. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3U1 -

By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities, granted per Acts i° and 2° Georgii 3tH, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tH, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1771 By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year -By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five millions borrowed pursuant to the Ad 31° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758; which laid Management is charged on this Fund by a Clause in the said Act, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1771 -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1771 > of the Tax on Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, with a Moiety of /. 93,217. 10/. id. per Annum charged on the Duties upon Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3t!1, for answering and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act 310 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act in that Behalf -....

C'

/. 1. d.

589,222 l6 4i

10,96 6 18 6*

287,749 17 if

5.39s 6 if

31,500 0 0

550 12 6

*4935 11 3

270 0 0

379-7*6 0 0

5*339 17 nf

124,125 V 0 0

>.745 10 if

1,406 5 0

15,237 16 *»

4

Crr’

12 Geo. III. 50

D

cq"

r-H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

3 a

12

4

*7

5t

4 4

The Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable

Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2:J 18,180 The additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account

pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2<n - 5,253

The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii adA - - 6,262

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii *di, brought xo this Account pursuant to an Act 3a0 Georgii act - - - 37*339

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - 6,708

The Surplus of the new Duties on Licences to retail Wine, the like - 11436

D° — — of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirituous-Liquors,

the like - -- 18,935

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32° Georgii in, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2di «- - - 128,538

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like % 963 ~ —

The additional Lnland Duty on Qo^ee, per Acts 320 Georgii-2^, and

50 Georgii 311'1 - - - - . - - - I>993 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24° Georgii

2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act-20 Georgii 3*11 - 38,708 —

The Duties upon Spiiituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33° Georgii 2dl, and 6* Georgii j11*, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts z° and 6° Georgii - - - ----- 31-27037 -

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii

3th, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - - 37*859 — —

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Xleorgij 2di, -brought

to this Account pursuant to one other Act a° Georgii 3^ - - 243,693 ——

The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act

i° Georgii 3*", brought to this Account pursuant to an Act -40 Georgii 3'^ - -- - 267,913 — - —

The additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Aft50 Georgii 3^ ---- 13*325 7 6

The additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like - 1*415’ ^3 - S

The additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made 3 Part of this Fund by an Act 6°

Georgii 3:ii - - - - . - - - ' 2iOOOOr* —

The additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &c. granted

and made a Part of this Fund by one other.Act 6° Georgii - I

The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported,

granted and made a Pari of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3th - — -

The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted /by an Act 30

Georgii 3cii, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3lii 39,82.4 The Duties upon Cyder and Percy, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3til*

brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3^ - 9*044 —

14 9

10

si

1 >738.039 O 2§

To Cifh brought from the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1771, pursuant

/^> r; 1 r?___j r>_____! 1 _ r_

3,219,543 8 n|

to an Ail 11® Georgii 3'*, to replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the-Tame,-

O

4

to make good the Deficiency, on tho 5th Day of July 1770, of the Fund established-for paying Annuities in tofpefl of Five Millions, borrowed by virtue of an AiSl, made-in the 3ill Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 -

35,085 a m

3,354,627 n

jl

£.3 94^.60, it

By Calli taken towards the Supply of the Year 17719 pursuant to an Act 11° Gttrffr 3d1, being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day of April 1771 - 691,977 7 9

By Calli taken further towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1771# pursuant to the find Ad Up Georgii 3* *-»-- - 1,650,000 —

3,810,188 18 11

By Calli remaining in the Exchequer on die 10th Day of Q&ohr 1771, for the Disposition of Parliament - - - 136,416 o 8£*

£. 3)94^* 4 l9 7i

This being the Ninety-eighth Half Yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act p° Georgii iml (Page 367) is humbly presented this 5th Day of February 177a, oy me

Grey Cooper

) 7t|

454 5° Februarii. 1772.

13 Geo. III. 50 —

455

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

East India Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

C(Tea>y' ^'S Majesty’ That He will be graciously pleased to give v «»; Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Proposal of the Directors of the East India Company, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relative to the Indemnity to be made to the Public by the said Company, in respect of the Deficiency of the Duties on Tea.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Sinking Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an sand' Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, from the ioth Dav of October 1771 to the cth Day of January last.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Weans. refQ)ve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Char/es Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they tnay have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That’ this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Hotfes. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Horses exported from Great Britain, together with the Amount of the Duty on the fame, from the ill Day of January 1750, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year; and tire Ports from whence the same have been exported.

Weoblty Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford, in the room of Bamber Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath aceepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Salop Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his- Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Salop, in the room of Sir John AJlley, Baronet, deceased.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morcow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 33.

jovis,6° die Februarii;

Anno 12,8 Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1772.

PkAY EkS.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and vGreat Commonalty, of the Town and Borough of Great (Norfolk) Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to Haven, &c. the House, and read y Setting forth, That the Haven and Piers belonging to the said Town and Borough; have for many Years been repaired and maintained by the Duty imposed by several Acts upon Coals, and other Goods and Merchandizes, imported into the said Haven; and that, by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Haven and Piers of Great,

and other Purposes, the Duties payable by an Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, were discontinued, and, in lieu. thereqf, new Duties were thereby granted, to be applied for such Uses and Purposes as is therein mentioned; and that the said last mentioned Act is now near expiring, and the said Haven and Piers mull in a shortTimc fall into utter and irreparable Decay, and the Navigation of the Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven be subject to great Obstructions and Annoyances, and r.ot only Ships wintering in the said Haven, but also the said Town, be exposed to frequent and terrible Accidents by Fire, if the said Act is not further continued and enforced:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for such further Term, and with such additional Powers and Authorities for the better effecting the several Purposes of the said Act, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Town/hMr. Walpole, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ormfide thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and inclosure. read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Manor of Great Ormftde, in the Parish of Ormfide, in the County of West-moreland-, and that there are several Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, whereon the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that, if the same were divided into specifio Allotments, and inclosed, a considerable Advantage would accrue to every Person interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given tq bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Honeyivood, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. and

Mr. Fletcher, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Aldermaston, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Berks and Southamp- B*fingstoke, ton, redding in and near to the Towns, of Aldermajion and Baftngfioke, in the said Counties, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from a Place called the Cross , on the Well

Side of AUlermafon Park, in the Pari lit of,

in the County of Berks, through Tadley, End,

and Sherborn Saint John, in the County of Southampton, to Baftngfioke Market House; and lrotn the Top of

45 6 6° Februarii. A. 1772*.

Holy Ghojl Hill to Rooks Dozen in the Parishes of Bajingfloke and Sherbgrn Suits! John; and from Suits/ Joists, by a Farm rented by William acrof's

Lilly Down, through Monk Wood, to a Pond

called the Round Pond; and from lad ley Hill, in the said

County of Southampton, to a Boundary Mark, called The Imp, or Nymph Stone, between the Parishes of dtrsnaston and Mortimer and Pamber-, and also

the Road from the West End of one of the said cross Lanes, on the West Side of Park, called

Burnhams Lane, through Bunghurst, and over Stones' Heath, Rooks Down, and Bajingfluke Field, to join the Turnpike Road leading from thence to; and

from the South Side of the said Turnpike Road, over Bajsttgjhke Down, to join the Turnpike Road leading from' Bajingjloke to tVsnchat Lane, and from the New Inn at Baughurst Lane End, to join the Turnpike Road leading f rom to King's Clere, in

the said County of Southampton, near a Poll called the HampshirePuft, are ruinous and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Congreve, Mr. Hopkins, tic.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lanark A Petition of the Heretors concerned in the feverat ... Roads leading through the County of Lanark, was pre-

y e »er.) |-entecj to |^0ufC} ancj reacj . Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading through the said County of Lanark and repre-fenting to the House, That the Passage over the River Clyde is often obstructed by Floods, and is dangerous to Travellers; and that, if Power was given to ere (ft a proper Bridge over the said River, between the Road leading from Corfethill to it would be of

great Convenience to the Petitioners, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, for the Puq>ofe aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Heretors and others concerned in the Roads thereafter mentioned, in the County of Lanark, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Huttoti’s A Petition of William Hutton, and Mary Hutton his Name. Wife, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That James Long, of in the Panlh

of Erchfont, in the County of did, by his last

Will, dated the 18th of 1766, give all his

Estates in Bulkington and Keevil, in the Parish of ton, in the County of in Trust for his Brother

Thomas Long, with Remainders over, Remainder to the Petitioner Mary Hutton for Life, with Remainder to her First and other Son and Sons, and their Heirs Male, with Remainders over, upon Condition, that as soon as the Son or Sons of the Petitioner, Mary, or their respective Heirs Male should come into Pc; He (lion of the Premises, they should take and use the Surname and Arms of Long only, and apply for an Act of Parliament to confirm the lame; and that the said Testator did afterwards, by a Codicil to the said Will, diraft, that in same the Petitioner Mary Hut ten should come into Possession of any Part of the Premises, (he, and the Petitioner William Hutton, and any future Husband with whom the said Petitioner Mary should intermarry, should afi'ume and take the Surname and Arms of the Testator, and apply for an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and that the said Testator is since dead, and the said Thomas Long is also dead without Ifl'ue, and the Petitioners are now in Possession of the Premises, and have taken and used the Surname and Arms of Long, pursuant to the said Will, and are desirous the same should be confirmed upon them, and the other Persons described in the said Will:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Musgrave and Mr. Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, GM^o* Commissioners of Supply, and other Heretors, within anJ the Counties of Dumbarton, Lanark, and in

North Britain, was presented to the House, and read; 0J Setting forth, That by Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of Lis late Majesty lor repairing several Roads leading into the City of the Road leading from the City of to the T\nvn

of Dumbarton is thereby directed to be repaired; but is not yet, nor can be, completed during the (ublrting Term, or under the Provisions of the said Acts; and that it would be a Means of facilitating the making, repairing, and completing, of the said Road, if the same was made a separate Distriift and Trust; and that the said before recited Acts should he explained and amended, and the Terms of the same enlarged so liras re-spafts the said separate Road from the City of Cl if go 10 to the Town of Dumbarton; and that the Statute Labour should be put under proper Regulations: And lucre-fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edmvijlune, Lord Frederick Campbell, tic.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. George Bridges Brudeiellpresented to the House, Sunbjr according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing ail lne‘°fu,e* the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties ot Staiuby, in the County of Lisscoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell presented to the House, Stapled according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing all inclostre. the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Staplefwsin the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle presented to the House, accord- Dee ing to Order, a Bill for making <1 Navigable Cut, or Nnviguioa. Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the 1

City of Chester, to or near Alullicivic h and in

the County of CAfter: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Eill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Army: the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Mutinysad was read a Second Time. Desertion.

Resolved,

1

i2 Geo. III. 6° — 10° . 457

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Td-morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways and Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Means. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Meins for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cortimittee; That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no: more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 177a, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, , and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, trpon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr; Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyfbn, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney Geberal; Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare; and bring in; the fame.

stanprford, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-2^j, holders, of the Counties of Berks and Witts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Hungerferd, by to and

over a certain Place called Leckford, otherwise Soujty Water, in the Road to Salisbury, is in a ruinous Condition, in many Places too narrow, and Cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Road; under such Regulations as to the House shall feertt meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be teferred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penrttddock, Mr. Pophdtn, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Clerg>f the A Petition of certain of the Clergy of the Church of Chuh of England, and of certain of the Two Professions of Civil En0>d. LaW and Physic, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being proposed. That the said Petition be brought up;

The House was moved. That an A<5fc made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for an Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

1 The Yeas went forth.

Tdte6ra.T-.{| }»«.

jl.7.

So it paired in the Negative.

Vo l. 3,3.

A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, Milt; certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,.and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1772, was read a Second'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, for the Ways and House to.resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, for the Supply. House to resolve itself intd a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.'’

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committees, frithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monddy Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

LuncSi 10* dieFehruarii;

Anno ia° Georgii IIP11 Regis* 1772.

Craters.

ABIL L to explain and amend in A&, passed in Plymouth the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, p*txn*’ *'c' for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Lord Barrington, Sir Charles Hardy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker*

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to haveYoices.

Mr. Mufgtave presented to the House, according to HuttoiO Order* a Bill to enable Mary and William Hutton, and Name, the other Persons therein described, to take and use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Long, pursuant to the Will of James Long, deceased: And the same was received; and read the' First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom Carlisle, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-holders, and others. Inhabitants of the County of Cum- 0 berland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame; as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

6 A To

North

Crawley

inclosurt*.

Tra, East India Company.

Great

Yarmouth

Haven,

Sec.

45-8 i o° Febrnar 1772,

To prove, the AlL-gitions of the said Petit lop, the Reverend Mr. ll.uijon heiny examined, said. That the Roads mentioned in the Petition arc ruinous and 1.arrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Couric of i_aw.

Winch Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

OrtLreJ, Thai Leave be Riven to bring in a B.U'for repairing and widening the Road from Rajics, near the City of Carlisle, to iFrjon, and from tlu nee to the South End of Hunda Lam; and also the Road tiom IVi-ton to Abbey Ho'me, and from IFigton to Cha'kbcck, in the County of C'ltnbctImiA: And that Mr. Fletcher and Mr. IViiUcut do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr Drake reported from the Committee, to whom the Hill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Melds, Meadows, ami Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Parish. of Nath Oai6leyB in the County of Rucksy \Vas committed; That t*l)c Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; ami that ih.c Parties concerned had given their Confect k> the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of about 66 Acres of Land in the said Fields,' '.who , refused to sign the Bill; and tint the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed conlifts of 1,569 Acres and \ Rood j and that no Person appeareil before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bdl, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Repott in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrafted.

Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the House> That their Address of Wednesday lad (that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Direiftions, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Proposal of the Dire (dors of the East India Company, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relative to the Indemnity to be made to the Public by the said Company, in rel'pest of the Deficiency of the Duties on Tea) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, 'that He will give Directions accordingly. ’

Mr. Charles ‘Townshend reported from the Committee* ft) whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgestes, and Commonalty, of the Town and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of , was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to re[x>rt the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he - read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where" the same was read; and- is- as followeth; viz. *» '

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the 23d Year-of his late Majesty, for improving the Haven and Piers of the said Borough, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for preferring Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, was read; by which it appears, that certain Duties therein mentioned are granted for the several Purposes aforesaid, which have Continuance'only to the End of the present Session of Parliament: And,

Mr. John Spurgeon, being examined, said. That utile fs the Duties granted by the said Act are further continued, the said Haven and Piers must loon fall into Decay, and the Navigation of the Rivers be greatly obstructed and annoyed:

That unless proper Watchmen arc employed, and

great Care tak.cn to prevent Accidents by Fire happening-to the Skips wintering in the faijd Haven; the Inhabitants uf Yarmouth must be exposed to very great Danger/., as those Ships !ny very dole to the Town.

And the Witnessfurther laid, That several further Powers and Regulations are wanted to carry the several Purposes of t lie laid A eft into effectual Execution.

Ordered, That Leave lie riven to bring in a Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, arid- improving, 'the Haven and Piers oi ?nd

for dcprlicning and making more Navipib’e the several

I % w O O

Rivers ernprying themselves into the said L liven, and for

preservi'rtg'Sh'pv wintering therein from Accidents by

Fire: And that Mr. Charles To-v,/fieMr. Bacon, Mr.

Richard IValpo e, Sir Edward difley, and Mr. De Grey,

do prepare, ant! bring in, the fame; . ’ .

A Petition of John Luke If din, was'presented to the Ife’in’* Fjfoule,’ and read; Pray in?. That Leave may be given N'atto bringin’a Bril for his Naturalization-,/'’ .

Ordered, 'T.:,at Leave be given to bring, irt'-a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baton and Mr. Fane do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

) > .

A Petition of the several Owners arid Proptietots of Deiflunger Lands and Estates, rn the Open and Common Fields of luclcl‘rt-the Hamlet ot Denjhanger, in the Earilli of PajJ'enhain, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto fublrribed, vval presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of die'Proprietors in the said -Open and Common Fields are, in their present Situation, incapable of any- considerable Improvement; and it'wohld-be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, it the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, Tl.at Leave; may-be , f-given to bring in a.Bi'J lop dividing and 1 -closing the said Open and Curqmon Fields, ini such Manner as to the House shall teem meet. . (;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purfijant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hanmer., the Earl Varney, and Mr. Lowndes, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Jonathan Lovett, Esquire, Lord: of the Sonlbry, Manor of Sou!bury,. in the County of Bucks, and of the- &c several Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commons* Inc*olrei and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields of Soul* bury aforesaid, with the Hamlet -of , whole

Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting-forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, in their* present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hanmer, the Earl Perney, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Debts: Gaol for the County of Leicester, on Behalf of them- Dd«lcr. selves, and all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And ailo,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the County d Gaol of Stafford, in Behalf of themselves, and also of Suftf.

all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His,) Majesty’s Gaol in Newgate, Newcastle upon TyneNewaffle Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining ‘'

Clareton

inclosoxe.

Woolcy

luclofyrc.

ATJcrirtoffon,

&c;

Lobcorabc

Corner,

&c.

Roads.

t: . v

King*

Sedgcnp'Or

Drainage.

12’Geo. III. 10° Februa459

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Anti the faitl Petitions were severallly ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clareton with Coueyjtrop, and a Piece ot Waste Ground called,

in the Manor of Ailer/on with all in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil

Wray, Sir ‘ Thonias Frankland, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Ter d Hinchingbrookpresented to the House, according.'^ Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, and other Commhnable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wooley, in the County of Huntingdon: And-the same was received; and read the First Tune.

( Resolved,. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Congreve reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Berks and Southampton, redding in and near to the Towns of m aft on and Basingfcoke, in the said Counties, was refer-

red; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the- Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s'Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Chichley Plozvden, being examined, said. That

the several Roads described , in the Petition are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary-Course of Law.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present at the Committee.. ' .

Ordered, That. Leave be -given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads from Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to Bafiand to the Tutn-

pike Road from Basingstoke la Andover, and-to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton 'And that Mr. Congreve, Mr. Vanfittdrt, Admiral Craven, arid Sir Simeon Stuart,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Folkestone presented to the House,- according to Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Corner,

in the Parish of WinterJJow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of and for repairing and widening, the Road from the Rumsey' and Rir.gwood Turnpike Road, near the House of

Francis Fry, to Lyndhnrft, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Comer, in the said County of Southampton-, and for repairing the Footways, within the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, in the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, of Cuffington, Edington, Chilton, Calcott, Shapwick,

Stozvell, Sutton Mallett, MoorlGreinlon,. Woolav-

Vol. 53.

ington, Ashcott, Pediocll, Walton, Street, Comp-

ton , Dundon, Weflon Zoyland, AlidlezOthery, High Ham, Dunivare, Bower, Hoi fey, Baudcip, Nether ham, Alter, Chedzoy, Littleton, Hwcott, Somerton,

Pitney Wearn, Wool ton, Charlton Mackerel, Charlton Adam, and Long Sutton, in the County of Somerset, having Right of Common on KingsSedgemoor, in the same County, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Moor, which contains about 18,000 Acres of Pasture Land, has ever been open and un» inclosed, and without any Boundaries or Limits of.

Division, and the Produce thereof hath been always had and taken indiscriminately, from all Parts in and throughout the fame, by the Persons- having Right, of Common therein; and that the Petitioners have been informed of a Bill intended to be brought in* for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the said Moor, into separate and distinct Commons; for the several Parithcs, Hamlets,

Manors, or Lordships, entitled to Right of Common, in Proportion to their several Annual Values, and for veiling such separate Commons in the Proprietors of such Manors and Estates; which Division and Drainage, the Petitioners apprehend, is useless and unnecessary, as liifficient Powers and Provisions for draining the said Moor, and the Lands near the fatfie, are granted by an Act of Parliament of the Tenth and Eleventh of King William the Third; and that the Division and Inclosure of the said Moor into separate Commons, and the Allotment thereof to the several Parishes, Hamlets,

Manors, or Lordships, entitled to Right of Common, in Proportion to their several Annual Values, as proposed, will be partial and unjust; and that any Division of the said Moor into separate 'Commons will be prejudicial and hurtful to the Petitioners in particular, and the Community in general: And. therefore pray-: ing. That the Petitioners may-be heard by their Coun-fel, against the said Bill; and that the House will take, the Premises into Consideration, and protect the Rights and Properties of the Petitioners inviolate, and grant thenviuch Reiief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Lords of the Manor, Clergymen, Gentlemen,-Freeholders, and others, of the several Parishes and Hamlets of Somerton, Cumpton Dundon, Strecf, Walton,

Aijhcott, Grienton, Murlinch, Shapwick, and divers other Parishes and Hamlets, interested in a Tract of Waste Ground, tailed Kings Sedgemoor, in the County of Someth fot, is referred: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition- if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,.That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition; against the Petitioa now", presented.

1 ..... 1 1 *

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vestrymeh', Whitechapel and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint H«h»ajr Mat felon, otherwise Whitechapel, and also of the Rector, ate9‘ Churchwardens, Vieftrymen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint'John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read1;

Setting forth. That, by.an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen.

Mary,-for.erecting a new Parish, to be called :the Fariftr of Saint John of Wapping, within the County of fox, the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint John of Wapping are :roade subject to such Duties, Servicesj Aflhffments, and Payments, for Reparation of the Highways of the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, as they were before the making of the said Act.; and that a Reservation was therein made to the said Parish of Saint John of Wapping, of their Part or Share of all Public Charities given to the said Parish of Mary Matfelon, in the same Proportion as the Inhabitants of Wapping did then bear to the Charge of the -Repairs

of

Hangerford;

&c.

Road.

iO° Februarii. A. r7*72.

of Whitechapel Highways; and also that the Minister; Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping shall be called to, and have Power with, the Minister and Officers of the said Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, alias , in the setting, settling, and adjulling, of all Rates and Taxes, and chusing Surveyors for the Repairs of the Highways, and the Accounts touching the fame; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that it would be for the mutual Ease and Advantage of both the said Parishes, if the said Provisions were repealed, and the said Parishes made in all Respects separate and distinct, the Expence of repairing the said Highways and the Benefit arising from such Public Charities being nearly equal; and alledging,' that the Provisions in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, which directs the Manner of performing the Statute Labour, have been attended with great Trouble and Inconvenience to the said Parishes, the Highways within the said Parish of Saint Mary , otherwise

chapel, being very inconsiderable, except such Part as is repaired by an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Highways from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Woodford in the County of and for other Purposes therein mentioned, for which the Petitioners pay a Cotnposition of £. 30 per Annum to the Trustees appointed by the said Act, in lieu of all Statute Labour on the said Road; and there being no Highways within the said Parish of Saint John of the said Act

of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty is altogether inapplicable to the said Parish; and it would be a great Benefit to the Petitioners, if both the said Parishes were to be exempted from the said Act; and that, by an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other Open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a Nightly Watch, within such Parts of the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel as are not within the Liberties of the Tower of London, or City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the Petitioners the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, are empowered to raise and levy a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen Pence in the Pound in any One Year, for the Purpose of watching, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets and other Places, within the said Parish; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if a fin all Addition was made to such Rate, they would thereby be enabled (o raise Money for repairing the Highways. within the said Parish, in a Way more equitable and less burthensome to the Parishioners than is practicable under the present Laws; and that the Methods prescribed by the last mentioned Act, for levying the Rates thereby granted, have been found ineffectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, a9 it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Colonel Luttrell, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Berks and Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Mat-6

ter of the said Petitionf and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations Of the said Petition, Mr. Seymour Mundy, being examined, said. That the Road from Hungerford, by Collinghouru Shears, over a Place called Leckford, otherwise Sou is in a ruinous Condition, in many Places too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the amending and widening the said Road would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in 1 Sill for repairing and widening the Road, from the End of the present Turnpike Road from to -

ford, in the County of Berks, to , otherwise

Sously Water, in the County of Wilts I And that Mr. Penruddock and Mr. Edward Pepham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Berks and Wilts, living in or near the Towns of Hungerford, in the said County of Berks and Marlborough, in the said County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for amending and widening the Road from Beffefleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, and other Roads therein mentioned, several Tolls and Powers are granted, for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads; and that, by reason of the great Extent of the Roads comprized in the Act, the Petitioners apprehend some Alterations are necessary to be made in the fame, for the more effectual Execution thereof, by increasing the Number of Trustees, and appointing Quarterly Meetings, to be held, alternately, at Wantage, Marlborough, Hungerford, and Lambourn; and that the said Act has in several other Particulars been found defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Provisions and restrictions, os to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddock, Mr. Edward P9pham, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors or Owners of Shares of and in Sankey Navigation, in the County Palatine of Lancaster', on Behalf of themselves and sundry other

Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by Two Acts, passed in the a8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the River or Brook called Sankey , and the Three several Branches thereof, hath been made and completed, at a great Expence and Risque, the Object of which was, to procure a sufficient Supply of Coal for the Town and Port of Liverpool and its Shipping, and for the Salt Works upon die River in the County of Lancaster, and at Northwich and other Places in the County of Ckej; and, in Consequence thereof, very great Quantities of Coal have been and are sent down the said Navigation, to the said Town and Port of Liverpool, and the said several other Places; and that the River Mersey is naturally navigable, from the Town of Liverpool, by the flowing and reflowing of the Tide, several Miles higher than its Jundlion with the

BefleUlcigfii

through

Wantage,

&c

Roadi,

Liverpool

Caul.

12 Geo. III. 10° Februarii. 461

the Sankey Navigation, by Means whereof there is a

complete Navigation from or near the Great Coal Mines adjoining or near the said Navigation to Liverpool, for Vessels of upwards of Forty Tons Burthen; and that the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is intended to be brought in, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Liverpool to or near Wigan, in the said County of Lancaster, upon such a Height or Level, that it will be necessary to carry or convey the same by an Aqueduct, across the said Sankey Navigation, to the great Injury and Obstruction of Vessels parting and reparting thereon; and representing to the House, that, the principal Object of the proposed Canal being to bring down Coal to Liverpool, the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Sankey Navigation, the Canal authorized to be made by the Duke of Bridgewater, and the Canal authorized to be made between Leeds and Liverpool, are sufficient to answer the Purposes of the Public, and will be able to supply a much greater Quantity of Coal than the Town and Shipping of Liverpool is likely to require: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against 'any Petition or Bill that may be brought into the House in Favour of the said proposed Canal, or any Part thereof; and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Earl of Derby, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and setting forth. That the said Canal is intended to be made and cut through the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and other Persons situated within the several Townships in the Petition mentioned, which will be very injurious to the Petitioners, without affording any material public Advantage; and representing to the House, that there are now Three Canals, or Navigations, all intended for, and sufficient, to supply the Town of Liverpool and its Neighbourhood with Coal; and that the said Town of Liverpool and its Neighbourhood are now supplied with great Quantities of Coal, at a moderate Price, by Land Carriage, from certain Coal Mines in and about

IViiijion, and other Places adjacent thereto, in the said County of Lancaster, by means of a good Turnpike Road, which has been made for the Purpose at a very great Expence; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the intended Navigable Canal to Liverpool is unnecessary, and cannot be wanted for public Utility: And therefore; praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against any Petition or Bill that may be brought into the House in Favour of the said intended Canal; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Petitioners were impowered to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey, and that, by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the River Douglas alias AJland, was directed to be made navigable from the River Kibble to Wigan, in the said County Palatine; and that, in pursuance of the last mentioned Act, the said River Douglas has been made navigable, at a very great Expence, and the Petitioners have cut Thirty-five Miles in Length of the Canal authorized to be made by the first-mentioned Act, and are proceeding to complete the same; and that, under an Apprehension the making navigable a Cut, or Branch, from a certain Part of the said intended Cut, Vol. 33.

or Canal, at or near Newbrough, in the said County Palatine, into the said River Douglas, and improving that Navigation to the said Town of Wigan, would be of public Utility, some of the Petitioners have contracted for several Parts or Shares of the said River Douglas and its Appurtenances, and, with the other Persons interested in the said Navigation, are preparing to make the said Navigable Cut, or Branch, from the said intended Cut, or Canal, at or near Newbrough aforesaid, and to improve the said Navigation to the said Town of Wigan; and that the said Cut, or Branch, and Improvements, and also so much of the said Cut, or Canal, authorized to be made by the said first-mcn-tioned Ad, as will open a Communication between the said Towns of Liverpool and Wigan, will be completed in about Twelve Months; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Liverpool aforesaid, through divers Pafilhes, Townships, or Hamlets, therein mentioned, to or near the Town of Wigan aforesaid; and representing to the House, that there have been Four Navigable Cuts, or Canals, authorized to be made, for the Convenience and Extension of the Trade of the Port of Liverpool, and to supply the same with Coal, which, they conceive, will be sufficient to answer all public Purposes; and that the Canal authorized to be made by the first-mentioned Act, with the Cut, or Branch, and Improvement of the Navigation of the said River Douglas to Wigan, will open a nearer Communication, between that Town and Liverpool, than the proposed Canal; by means whereof, and the other Navigable Canals made and authorized to be made, the Town and Trade of Liverpool may be supplied with whatever Quantities of Coal and Cannel they do or may Hand in Need of, upon very moderate Terms, and render the said proposed Canal unnecessary: And there- . fore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Petition or Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Liverpool, Wigan, and other Parts of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an fnstruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petitions now presented.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions are referred.

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Bo- Trent rough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Navigation*

ham, and of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing in the said Borough of Newark upon Trent, and in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Navigation of a Branch of the River Trent, from a Place called The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham, in the County of Nottingham, to a Place called the Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mujkham, in the said County, and running by the Town of Newark, is, for want of a proper Depth of Water in many Places, and from other Obstructions, rendered impracticable at divers Times of the Year; and by the improving the said Channel, and

6 B . making

t^-

Pelersfiehl

new

Writ.

R a Alton James , Inclosure.

Wolverhampton,

&C.

Roads.

462 10° Februarii. A- 1772.

making proper Cuts and other Works, so as to render verhamp District, in such and what Manner as to the the same Navigable at all Seasons of the Year, an easier House shall seem meet.

and more regular Intercourse of Trade would be opened Or, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-betwixt the several Towns and other populous' Places federation of a Committee: And that they do examine in the said Counties, which would be an Advantage to the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall the Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, re- appear to them, to the House:

siding in the said Counties, and of public Utility ;* And And it is referred to Sir John. Wrottefiey, Sir Roger therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in Newdigate, &c.: And they /ire to meet Tomorrow a Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-the said Branch of the said River Trent, from the said ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Upper Wear, in the Parish of Aver ham, to the said Place Records, called Crank leys, in the Parish of South Muff hamafore-

said, in such Manner, and with such Powers, and un* A Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Suinbp der such Regulations, as to the House shall seem Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Incloure meet. , Lands, in the Liberties of , in the County of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Confi4eration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Bridges ’, Mr. See,: And they are

shall appear to them, to the House. to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

And it is referred to Sir John Shelley, Mr. Manr Speaker’s Chamber. ners, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; A Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Stapleford and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Inclosari* cords. Lands, in the Liberties of , in the County of

Leicester, was read a Second Time. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ref, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George -the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Bridges Brudenell, Mr. DickenJ'on, &c.: And they are the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- to nfeet this Afternoon, at Five, of the Clock, in the . ment for the Borough of Petersfield’, in the County of Speaker’s Chamber.

Southampton, in the Room of William Jolliffe, Esquire,

who, fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath ac- A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Montagu and Mr. cepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for Trade Cuddon:

and Plantations. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Can.

A Petition of George Lee, Esquire, Lord of the to continue and amend an Act made in the last Session Manor of Rujh/on James, in the Parish of Leek, in the of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Pro-

County of Stafford, and of William Armett, Esquire, hibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, and the several other Persons, whose Names are there- Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction unto subscribed, being Freeholders and Land Owners of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exread; Setting forth. That there are, within the said portation of Malt, for a limited Time; without any Manor, divers large TraAs of Common and Waste Amendments: And also.

Land, containing in the whole, by Computation, 550 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Salted Beef, Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present State, is of to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the Pork» &c* little Advantage to the Petitioners; and that, if the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, same was inclosed and improved, it would be of Benefit An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the to all Persons interested therein: And’therefore praying, Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and But-dividing, and allotting, the said Common and Waste ter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing Lands, to and amongst the Petitioners, and the several the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bifcon, and But-other Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, ter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited with such Powers, and under such Restrictions, as to Time; without any. Amendment; And also, the House shall seem meet. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Meyerhof’*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- for naturalizing Diederich Meyerhoff; without any suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Amendment: And also,

John IVrottesley and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and bring in, the fame. for naturalizing without any Amendment:

And also, *

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Freeholders, &c. of the Town of Wolverhampton, in for naturalizing John Henry Geutil; without any Amend-the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, was pre- ment: And also, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Laudoraley’* an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late for naturalizing Francis Darius Laudwniey; without any at* Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from Amendment.

Sutton Coldfield Common, to the Town of Walsall, and And then the Messengers withdrew, other Places therein mentioned, the Roads therein de- 1

scribed are divided into Two separate Districts, the Mr. Dozvdffzvell presented to the House, according to Stoke Prior IValjall and Wolverhampton-, and that the Term and Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons Inclosure. Powers of the said Act are near expiring, and the Roads and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of are (till in very indifferent Repair; and that there is Stoke Prior, in the County of And the lame

now owing on the Credit of the Tolls, One thousand was received; and read the Firil Time.

Pounds: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe Reja, That the Bill be read a Second Time, given to bring in a Bill to renew the Terms, alter the

Powers of, and shorten the Distance of so much of Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Land Tax. the said recited Act, as relates to the Roads in the Wol- der, a. Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a $ Land

mat.

Poel’s

Nat.

Gentil’i

Nat.

12 Geo. III.

io° — -11*

463

Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seven-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

castworth Sir Thomas Frankland presented to the House, accord-nclosure. Jng to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Town-ship of Scaftworth, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Marine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Forces. Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens and Mr. Tucker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mutiny. Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whit worth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, -That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

W*y» and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the /Supply granted to His. Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplusses, dated the 5th Day of April 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House retolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House. That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to tit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Chester A Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Canal, the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chef-. ter, to or near Middlewich and Nantwick, in the County o iCheJler, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ham Bootle, Sir Charles , &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Milt. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Vol. 33.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Ma-j'efty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1772.

Ordered, That it be an Listruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency; which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1772, of the Income of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1770, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1772.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gOne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ii g next, resolve itself into a Committee of th’c whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- AJdrefa

drels be presented to His Majesty, to express bur just and deep Concern at the great Loss which His Majesty the prinCefs has fuft iined by the Death of the Princess Dowager of of Wales. Wales, and to condole with His Majesty on this melancholy O xafion; and to allure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons itioft sincerely interest themselves in every Event that so nearly aflfe&s Him, and will, as far as in them lies, with the warmell Gratitude, and most afleClionate Attachment to His Royal Person, endeavour so alleviate every Care that may disturb His domestic Happir.efs.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marii^ i i° die Februarii j Anno ta° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Wilford, Sinking from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he Fund* was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, from the 10th Day of October 1771, to the 5th Day of January last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

To

g

cq"

t I

n'

CD

CL

O"

D

c,

j

t

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

1

Income of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of

January 1772.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund -

General Fund - -

South Sea Company’s Fund ....

Money paid for Conscience Sake -

AdJitional Duty on Paper, Anno 1731 - .

Surplus of the Duties on Wines, Anno 1745 -

additional Duty on Spirits, Anno 1743 -

Duty on Glass, and additional Duty on Spirits, Anno 1746 -

Duty on Coaches, Anno 1747 - - - .

Additional Duty on Poundage, since id March 1747 - -

Wrought Plate, Anno 1720 - - - - '

Plate Licences, finre 5th July 1758 -

Duty on Salt, since 5th April 1759 ’ -

Duty on Sweets, since Midfurnmer 1737 ——

Surplus Duty on Coals, Pdper, and Soap, Anno 1714 -

Coals, Anno 1719 ——

Additional Duty on Cards and Dice, since 15th April 1756 -

Ale Licences, since Easter 17,56 -

stew Duty on Plate - - - - - . -

.Surplus on additional Duty on Wine Licence*, since $th July 1757 -

Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum, since D° ——

D° — Coals, exported since D° ——

Surplus Licences for retailing Spirituous Liqpors, since Lady Day 1746 -

Additional Subsidy on Poundage, since 5th July 1759 -

Duty on Chocolate, since Du ——

Coffee, since D°

Surplus on additional Duty oh British Spirits and Low Wines, since 1 ft July 1751 -

Additional Duty on Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, since 21st April 1760 and 1766 D* — — since 21 ii Janry 1762 -

Additional Duty on Malt, since 8th Febrt 1760 -

Additional Excise on Beer, since 24th Janry 1761 . ....

Duty on Policies, since jft June 1765 -

Coals and East India Goods, exported since D° -

Silk Crapes, CSV. since ift August 1766 ——

Surplus of Arrears of Duty on Houses and Windows, since Lady Day 1747, 1758, and 1762, and Houses and Windows, since 10th October 1766 - -.

Drillings and Broad Linens, since 25th May 1767 . ....

Duty on Wines, since 31st March 1763 -

Duty on Cyder, since 5th July 1763 and 1766 - - - -

£ ' 130,415 14 9i-144,901 5

67,212 15 ill 200 ——

6.385-----

9.640 18 7

*>47+ 3 "

21,763-----

43.232 3 2 i

1,573-----

63,244 18 io£ 650 — — 14.191 6 til 9,494 14 10 3,212 — —

20,864-----

4,548 — -776 16 si

13*5*°-----

4,188 17 —

10418----

30,910 14 7

i»o9i-----

821 — —

1 >915----

47,695 — 8,300 — — 39,921 — 74.712 — 174 —

3*75; 5 i\

723 16

51,136 15 ol 3,000 — — >7*557 16 3»

2,491-----

£ ' d 342,729 16 6

5*3*383 7 n}

£856,113 4

Charge on the Sinking Fond, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1772.

To the Bank of England, for 6 Months Interest, and Charges of Management, on the £.3 per Cent, consolidated Annuities, to the 5th January 1772 ——

To Ditto — — for Annuities, granted for 99 and 98

Years, for 6 Months Interest, and Charges of Management to D° -To Ditto — — for 6 Months Charges of Management

of Annuities, Anno 1758# to D° -

To the South Sea Company, for 6 Months Interest on Annuities, Anno 1751, and Charges of Management to D° -By Life Annuities, Anno 1757, at the Exchequer, for 6 Months Interest, to D° ——

To Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Annuities, granted Anno 1758 ——

Surplus the 5th Day of January 1772* disposable by Parliament

EJwd tVilford.

Exchequer, the nth Day of February 177 2,

£ /. /

600,189 *4 10J

125,870 10

1,406 5 —

32,090 12 6

14,822 10 —

26,541 4

jr. 800,920 *7 Si

55.*9* 6 lIi

£.856,113 4 si

110 Februarii. A. 1772.

12 Geo. III. ii°Februarii. 465

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Salted Beef, The House being informed, that Mr. from

Pork, tcc. t]ie Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 6th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantity of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, and also of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, and also of the Number of Cattle, imported from Ireland into England, from the ioth of 1770 to the ioth of October 1771, which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dashwood’s Sir Edward Af.ley reported from the Committee, to Name. whom the Bill to enable Henry Peyton, Esquire, lately called Henry Dashwood, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of pursuant to the Will

of Sir ‘Thomas Peyton, Baronet, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill beingrofled.

Fincham Sir Edward AJlley presented to the House, according Inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half-year Inclosures, and Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Fincham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

North An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Crawley Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within loclosure. the Manors and Parish of North , in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of North Crawley, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message by Sir Francis , Gentleman Ulher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Affeot The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s to Bills. Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to l'everal Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to l'everal Public and Private Bills therein mentioned j and also empowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Duke of Grafton, and l'everal other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of Sandwich, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare, and notify, the

Vol. 33.

Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in thi; last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and alto of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to’ prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time:

An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time:

An Act for naturalizing Diederich Meyerlioff:

An Act for naturalizing John Poe/:

An Act for naturalizing John Henry Gentil:

An Act for naturalizing Francis Darius Laudumiey.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to tlfeir Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of a Proposal of the Di- Tea:

" redlors of the East India Company, to the Lords (^a(l ,ndia " Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relative to Company) " the Indemnity to be made to the Public by the said " Company, in respect of the Deficiency of the Duties " on Tea."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Pollington, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open, &c. Common, Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, inclost, re* Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Pollington, Bain, and Whitley

Thorpe, Great Heck, and Little Heck, in the Parishes. of Snaith and Kellington, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Captain Lockart Ross reported from the Committee, Lanatk to whom the Petition of the Heretors and others, con- Roads, cerned in the Roads thereafter mentioned, in the County of Lanark;and also, the Petition of the Heretors, concerned in the several Roads leading through the County of Lanark; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Alexander M'Konochie, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road from Inglifton Bridge, by Biggar, to Leadhills, and from thence to the March of the County towards Mennock and Enterkin; and the Road from the Confines of the County near - Corfethill, by Carnwath, Carflairs, Douglafmish, Parishholm, and from thence to the Confines of the County near to Muirkirk; and the Road from Hamilton by Douglafmish, Elvarfoot, and to the Confines of the County near to Moffat; are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Methods provided by Law.

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Road from the Confines of the County of Lanark, near to Lochhead, by or near Elfrickle, Carnwath, Car-fairs, Carluke, Wifhaiv, and to the Chapel of Ease, on the

Road from Edinburgh to Glasgow, is ruinous, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

6 C In

„ 466 ' ii° Februarii. A. 1772

In Support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Lands, within the Liberties of Spondon and Ockbroo Petition, Alexander M'Konochie, Esquire, being again in the County of Derby, was presented to the Houl examined, said. That the Passage over the River Cand read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Lane between Corfethill and Parijliholm, is frequently obstructed and Common Right, in the said Open Fields, Meadow by Floods, and is dangerous to Travellers, and that if a Failures, Common, and Waste Lands, lie greatly inte proper Bridge was erected over the said River, it would mixed, and dispersed in small Parcels; and that it wou be of great Convenience to the Country and to the be advantageous to the Persons interested therein to ha1 Public in*general. the same divided and inclosed: And therefore prayin

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividir repairing and widening several Roads, leading through and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture the County of Lanark; and for building a Bridge over Common, and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to tl the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Hotvford House may seem meet, in the said County: And that Captain Lockart Refs and , That Leave be given to bring in a Bi Sir Alexander Gilmour do prepare, and bring in, the pursumt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And th fame. Lord George and Mr. Clarke do prepare, at

bring in, the fame.

Manchester, A Petition of several of the Trustees named and appointed in, and by, the Acts of Parliament hereafter A Petition of John Thompson, Esquire, was present* mentioned, waspresented to the House, and read; Set- to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pel ting forth. That, by Two Acts, palfed in the Fifth and tioner is the foie Owner and Proprietor of a Comm< Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Ferry, for Horses, Carts, and Carriages, over the Riv King George the Second, for repairing and amending the Ure, from in the West Riding of t!

Road leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of York, to in the North Riding

County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of the said County, which is the nearell Communicatii Ashton under Line, and the Parish of MottramLongde from the Market Town of and several oil

dale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Towns in the North Riding, to Knaresborough, IVc Palatine of Chester, several Tolls and Duties were granted therby, Leeds, Otley, and several other Market Tow and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities in the West Riding; and that the said Ferry is given for repairing the said Roads; in pursuance whereof, some Seatons in the Year become dangerous for P; the Trullees thereby appointed have borrowed several fengers; and that the Petitioner is willing and desire conGderable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said of erecting and building a Bridge, at his own Expern Acts, and applied the fame, together with the Tolls and for the better Conveniency and Safety of PalTeng Duties, towards repairing the said Roads, and for such over the said River, at or near, and as conveniently m other Uses and Purposes as are thereby directed; but be to, the said Ferry, whereby many Mischiefs and 1 the said Roads cannot be kept in good Repair, and the conveniences will be remedied, and great Advantaj Money so borrowed repaid, unless the Terms and Powers will accrue to the Public: And therefore praying, Tl granted by the said Acts be continued and enlarged. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the I and the said Acts made more effectual: And therefore titioner to erect and build a Bridge over the said Ri1 praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Ure, in the said County of York, at, and as near as c< for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said veniently may be to, the said Ferry; and for mainta several Acts, and making the same more effectual, in ing and supporting the fame, by such Ways and Mea such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and in such Manner, as to the House shall fe^ and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the meet.

House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cc

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the sideration of a Committee: And that they do exam Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Ih mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it appear to them, to the House: shall appear to them, to the House: And it is referred to Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Thomp/

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. Burrell, &c.: &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at N And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and h; the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Addis Archer, Edmund Geo

Buxton, A Petition of the Mod noble William Duke of Esquires, and others, Commissioners nan

vonshire, and the humble Petition of the several Gentle- in, and acting under, an Act of Parliament, passed nc ure* men and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Owners and Proprietors of the several Commons and tituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watchi: Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, c Parish of Bakeivell, and County of Derby, was presented for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the 1 to the House and read; Setting forth, That the several Town, was presented to the House, and read; Sett Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Liberty, forth. That, in a Bill brought in on the Petition of in their present Situation, are incapable of any consider- Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Plymo able Improvement; and that if the same were divided and others, are contained certain Clauses, which and allotted amongst the several Persons interested there- very injurious and prejudicial to the Petitioners, and in, it would be a considerable Improvement to their the greater Part of the Inhabitants of the said Tov Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe and that the Petitioners and others, Commissioners aft given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under under the said Act, have done their utmost to carry such Regulations as shall be thought proper. same into Execution, but have been prevented frorr

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- doing, on Account of the Justices of the said Town suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord fusing to grant Warrants to enforce the Payment of George Cavendish and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring Rate made agreeable to the Directions of the said A in, the fame. And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may

heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and t Spondon, A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto set, such Clauses therein as shall appear to the House to being Owners of Lands and Common Right, in the injurious and prejudicial to the Petitioners and oth *c ure* Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Inhabitants of the said Town of Plymouth, may

omit

1

j

ia Geo. III. i i°Februarii. 467

omitted and struck out of the said Bill; and that the this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Petitioners may be at Liberty to add such other Clauses Chamber, to the said Bill, and make such Alterations therein, for the more effectual carrying into Execution the said Act Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Malt, &c. of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as to from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the the House shall seem reasonable and just. Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, cer-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the tain Duties upon Malt, , Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to the Service of the Year 1772, was committed, the explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of Amendments which the Committee had made to the His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and Bill; and which they had directed him to report to watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, within the said Town, is committed: And that the in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- upon, were agreed to by the House. mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said ingrafted.

Petition.

Sir Charles , according to Order, reported Ways and

Debtors: A Petition of the Prisoners in the Stannary Prison at from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Mean*.

LoJIMUl, in Behalf of themselves, and all other Deb- was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for tors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Relo-presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their lution which the Committee had directed him to report Distress, and praying Relief. to the House; which he read in his Place, and alter-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame

was read; and is as followeth;

Corn. A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

City of New Sarum, in Common Council assembled. That, towards making good the Supply granted to was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of the high Price of Corn: And praying. That Leave may One hundred Thirty-six thousand Four hundred Six-be given for the Importation of Corn and Flour; and teen Pounds and Eight Pence Halfpenny, remaining in that some effectual Laws maybe enacted, to prevent the Exchequer on the xoth Day of October 1771, for the Evils arising from the iniquitous Practices of fore- the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which Railing, regrating, and ingrafting, the Necessaries of had then arisen, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Over-Life at Home; and that the Petitioners may have such plus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund comother Relief as the House shall think proper. monly called the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was.

Table. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

House.

Manton A Petition of Robert Johnson, Esquire, Lord of the

laclosure. Manor of Manton, in the County of Rutland, Nedham A Petition of Wildam Farrell, Esquire, Lord of the Skeffiogton Chefelden, Francis Chefelden, and Robert Hotchkin, Ef- Manor, and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church, Inc^ure> quires, and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands in of , in the County of Le'tcester, and of James

the Open and Common Fields of Manton aforesaid, whose , Clerk, Rector of the said Rectory and Church,

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the John Hewett, Esquire, William Brown, Gentleman, and House and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Bartin Green, who are all the Persons interested in the several Proprietors in the said Fields lie intermixed and Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable Skeffington aforesaid, except about One Acre called of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and Allen's was presented to the House, and read;

indofed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to each Pro- Setting forth, That it will be very advantageous to the prietorand Person interested, it would greatly tend to the Petitioners, to have the said Fields and Commonable Improvement of their respective Estates: And therefore Places divided and inclosed, and a specific Part or Share praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein; and the Purposes aforesaid. that proper Allotments of the Land to be inclosed

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- may be made, in lieu of the Great and Small Tythes suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. thereof, and of the Gardens, Orchards, and Home-George Bridges Brudenelland Mr. Noel do prepare, and steads, or Homeclofes, in Skeffington aforesaid, belong-bring in, the fame. ing to the Petitioners, for which no Modus or Com-

position is now paid, or payable: And therefore pray-Ifetins’s Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Or- ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Nat. der, a Bill for naturalizing John LukeIfelin: And the the Purpose aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall same was received; and read the First Time. think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Marine Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to General Fernon and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, forces. Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Ma- and bring in, the fame, rine Forces, while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time. A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Land

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two,

Meyer A Bill for naturalizing Arnold Meyer and Peter Boete- was read a Second Time.

5 a"fe /tWr> was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

0<Nat.Uf Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles That the Bill be committed to a Commit-

Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet tee of the whole House.

Vol. 33. Rejolwtd,

468 ii° — i 2° FebA. 1772.

Resolved.That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

I.vmeRrgis A Petition of the Mayor and Capital Burgesses of

Land Tax. the Borough of Lymein the County of Dor ft, and of the principal Inhabitants now residing the rein, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Parish of Lyme Regis confifis of Two Divisions, namely, the Borough, and a Tything called ;and that, when

the Land Tax was established, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King IVilli and Queen Mary, the said Borough confided of a great many good Houses, inhabited by substantial Merchants, who carried on an extensive Foreign Commerce, and who then manifested their Zeal for the Government, by assessing, on the Houses, Lands, Salaries, and Personal Estate, within the said Borough, at the Rate of Four Shillings in the Pound, the Sum of Four Imndred and Seven Pounds E'ght Shillings; and Colway Tything was then assessed at the further Sum of One hundred and Twenty Pounds Ten Shillings; which several Sums, or a due Proportion thereof, adequate to the Quantum of the Land Tax, have been Yearly assessed thereon everfince; and that, since that Time, the Trade and Commerce carried on by the Inhabitants of the said Borough have greatly decreased; and above One hundred and Eighteen Houses (which, when the Land Tax was firtF established, were inhabited) have since fallen to Ruin; and many other Houses have been burnt down, and not rebuilt; and t several others, together with several Acres of Land, washed away by the Violence of the Sea; by reason whereof, the remaining Houses and Lands within the said Borough are diminished above One full Third Part in Value; and that the said full Sum of Four hundred and Seven Pounds Eight Shillings, or a due Proportion thereof, adequate to the Quantum of the Land Tax, hath, ever since the first Institution, been Yearly assessed on the said Borough; which now amounts to the Sum of Six Shillings in the Pound, and upwards, on the full Rack Rents of the Houfqs and Lands in the said Borough; which, the Inhabitants being unable to pay, have been Yearly returned Insuper by the Receiver General of the said Tax, in divers large Sums of Money, amounting, within the Space of Fifteen Years past, to the Sum of One thousand Three hundred and Sixty-tive Pounds, or thereabouts; for Non-payment whereof, Process hath issued Half-yearly against them, out of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, whereon divers large Sums of Money, not less than One Shilling in the Pound, and for the most Part, every Half-year, have been returned, as Issues forfeited by them for Nonpayment of the said Itfupmany of which Sums they have been obliged to pay; and further Issues will be returned against them every Half-year in future; and that, by reason of their Inability to pay the whole Sums so Yearly assessed on them, new will be returned

against them every Year, whereon new Issues will be returned against them; and that the levying such Issues will tend greatly to the further Impoverishment of the Petitioners, in regard that, notwithstanding the Payment thereof, they will be still liable to Process for the whole Sums, which already have been, or hereafter shall be, so returned Insuper; and that, as such Deficiences will be Yearly increasing, and the Inhabitants more and more unable to pay the same, the Consequence thereof will be, that the few Persons of Property, who now live in the said Borough, will remove thereout, and the little Trade now carried on there mud inevitably fink, and the few remaining Inhabitants be rendered wholly unable to pay their Proportion of the said Tax: And therefore praying the House, to give the Petitioners such Relief, as w^ll with respect to the several Insupert already returned against them, and the

Issues forfeited thereupon, as also with respect to the future Assessments on the said Borough, as the particular Circumstances occasioning the Hardship of their same shall require, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Teas: explaining and amending an Act, made in the Seventh (Leiaad.) Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominio’ns in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemed from being consumed in Great B; and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes, which have arisen upon the said Act of Parliament: And that the Lord North,

Mr. Onfozv, Mr. Jcukinfou, Mr. , Mr. Charles

Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Robin[on, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Fletcher,

Sir James Cockburne, Mr. Su/ivan, and Mr. Boulton, do

prepare, and bring in, the farpe.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a Delay Monmoatk in the Execution of the Writ issued during the last Recess of Parliament, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth:

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next, to give an Account of the issuing and fending down of the said Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Harmood, Messenger attending the Great Seal, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Long do attend this House at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Februarii;

Anno 12° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. , and

Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rive for naturalizing Peter Leivis De la Rive and Francis *ri, Menet; without any Amendment. *

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Common- Bedford alty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level c Lerel-of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, was pre- fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, for draining the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens were empowered to lay Taxes upon the 95,000 Acres of Ground allotted to the said Company

ra Geo. III. ia* Ftbrtiarii. 469

pahy as a Recompense for chaining the (kid Great berj and hart Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and , Leys], far the Support, Maintenance, and Preservation, Records, of the said Great Level$ and the said 95,00b' Acres

have from Time to Time been taxed, by a gradual A Petition of Sir John Webby Baronet, Lord of the Eastleach Acre Tax, according to the Proportions let out and Manor of EaJHeach Tourville, in the County of Gloucef- ^oorwUe allotted by an Act of the Twentieth Year. of . Ring ter, and Owner of by much the greatest Part of the

Charles the Second; and that* by an Act, fnade in the Open and Commonable Lands within the said Manor, Twenty*-r»inth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, fot and tfani several other Persons whose Names are there-eftaWidling a Fund for Payment of thfe Bonds of the (into subscribed, also Proprietors of Lands within the fold Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty* and for otftet said Manor and Parish of Eastleach Ttmrville aforesaid,

Purposes, it was dtrested, that, during such Time as was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, any Mohey should be owing from, or upon Account That there are,' within the said Manor and Parish, One of, the Middle and South Levels, all such Parts of tlfe large Open Common Field, called Eastleach Field, and said 95,000 Acres as lie within the said Levels, Or either Certain Downs, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, of them, should Yearly be "taxed with a single gradual whidi, in their present Situation, art incapable of any Acre Tax,-according to the said Act Of the Twentieth considerable Improvement; but. if the same were di-of King Charles the Second, and the Valuations made Vided and indofed, and specific Part? thereof allotted to in pursuance thereof, provided that the said Governor, tfifc several Proprietors thereof, according to their respectBailiffs, ac*d CoOfervitOrs, might fax stich Part of the tive Interests therein, the Parties concerned would he said 95,000 Acres as lie within the said Middle and greatly benefited: And therefore praying. That Leave South Levels, with any further Tax which they should may be given to bring ill a Bill fofr those Purposes, under judge necessary; and that all the Rents, Takes, and such Regulations as the Honfo shall think proper.

Revenues, of the said Middle and South Levels, should . Ordered, That Leave be given-to bring in a Bill, be a Security for the Payment of the Money which pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that - fhoQld be mentioned in the Bonds which should be Mr. Barrow, Sir Williain Gutfe, and Mr. Southwell, do

given by the said Corporation upon Account of the said prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Middle and South Levelsand that the said Governor,

Bailiffs, and Conservators, were, by the said Act, au- . A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, dnd Frte- Berfbeet thorized to borrow, upon Bonds, such Sum or Sums of holders, of the County of Norfolk, and City of jVur- f Money as they should judge necessary, for the Use of wich, was presented to the House, and read; Setting °^1C ' the said Middle and Soath Levels, so as by the bor- forth. That the Road leading from Berftteel Gates of New rowing thereof, the Debt of the said Corporation, upon the City of Norwich, to New , in the Goubty Buckerttm,

Account of the said Middle and South Levels, should of Norfolk, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts Boad. not at any Time be made to exceed in the whole the narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually Sum of £. 32,000; and the &ents, Taxes* -and Re- amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the venues of the said Middle and South Levels were Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave thereby made a Security for Repayment of tbt Sums may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widen-so respectively to be borrowed, with Interest for the ing the said Road, in such Manner as. to the House lame; and that, soon after passing the said last men* shall fcem meet.

tioned Act, the said Corporation borrowed, upon Bonds, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the on Account of the said Middle and South Levels, so Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-much Money, as, with the former Debt of £. 27,440, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall amounts to the Sum of £. 30,708; and that, by the appear to them, to the House:

Floods which happened last Winter, great Damage has And it is referred to Mr. t)e Grey, Mr. Fuller, &c.:

been done to the principal Works made for the Prefer- And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of ration of the said Middle and South Levels, which the the Clbck, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ana have Power Petitioners cannot (efficiently repair, and prefeYVe, frOth. to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, their ordinary Revenue; it was therefore agreed, that

Application should be made to Parliament, to enable the Sit Charles Whitwtsttk reported from the Cotrimiffee, Meyer Petitioners to borrow a Sum, not exceeding £. 12,000. to whom the Bill for naturalizing Arnold and,

for the Preservation of the said Middle and South Le- Peter Bottefear, was committed; That the Committee *

vels, the Money so to be borrowed to be applied to the had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Support and Repair of the principal Banks of the said the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-Middle and South Levels; and that the Petitioners ap- fefted him to report the Bill to the House, without any prebend, that the Power to borrow such further Money, Amendment: And he delivered the Bill iii it the Clerk’s to be applied to the repairing and preserving the prirt- Table.

cipal Works of the said Middle and South Levels, will Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. not only be to the Benefit of the County in general, hut

will tend to the better Security of their present Credi- A Petition of several Trustees for putting ifi iSxefcti- Shrewfbary tors, provided that such Parts of the said 95,000 Acres, fion an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of us lie within the said Middle and South Levels, are, foe the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act: vthe future, absolutely charged and assessed with a further for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Tan than the feme are charged and assessed with by the Town of Shrewsbury, and of several Gentlemen, Free-said Act of the Twenty-ninth of George the Second, for holders, and other Inhabitants, of the said Town and and during such Time as such additional Debt, Or any Neighbourhood, whose Names art thereunder written,-Part thereof, shall remain due and owing from the said was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Corporation: And therefore praying, That Leave may That the said Tmftees' have taken down and rebuift a be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes considerable Part of the said Bridge, arid havfe pur-> aforesaid. chafed several Houses and Other Bmkfujgs Handing on

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the or contiguous thereto, and have also built a temporary

Cootixterarionof a Committee: And that they do exa- Bridge near to the said Stone Bridge; and that the Suift mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it of Seven Thousand Pounds and-upwards hath been raised shall appear to them, to the House: by a voluntary Subscription, Which' hath been applied

And it is referred to Sif John Hynde Cotton, Mr. for the Purposes aforesaid, which laid Sum is nearly1 Jenynr, Bee.: Arid they art so meet Tomorrow Morn- expended j and the Petitioner* art unable to finish and ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- complete the said Bridge without the Aid of Parlia-Roi. 33. 6 D #wntj

479

rc£r FebritariL 7 jjz.

ment; and that there arefeyeral High Roads leading to the said Town, which are under the Care and.Management of Trustees appointed by particular Acts of Parliament,-who are willing and.desirous to contribute Part of the Money arising from the Tolls towards iinish* ing and completing the said Bridge, upon having l'ome further Time added to the Terms already granted by tire said Acts: And therefore praying. That Leave may. be

?[iven to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with uch Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations, the House shall think fit. - .: .

; Ordered^ That thel'aid Petition be referred to thp Confederation of aCommittee :And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as itfhail appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Clive, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Powtr to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ’.

I -

Estates.

Freeholds,

&e.

AHettt

for

Debu.

A Motion was made, and the Question being1 pro^ posed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make Freehold Estates Assetts for Payment1 of -Simple Chn-tra&Debts:; t j

An Amendment'was proposed to be made td tlfe Question, by inferring, after the Word " Freehold-," the Words " and Copyhold and Customary Freehold "

And the said -Amendment was,-upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ;: "

Theti the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make Freehold and Copyhold and Customary Freehold1 Estates Assetts for Payment of Simple Contrail Debts r And that Mr. Ambler, Mr. , Mr. Cornwall, Mr.1

Ftilde, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr. Gavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 1

Thorpe

Achurch

lodofnrc*

- *

A Petition of Brownlowe Earl of Exeter, Lord of the) Manor erf" Thorpe Achurch and Moulton, with the Members, in the County of Northampton, and Patron of the Rectory of the Parish of Thorpe Achurch aforesaid, and the humble Petition of William Chambers, Doctor in Divinity, Redlorof the said Parish of Thorpe Achurch, Thomas Powys, Esquire, and others. Proprietors of Lands and Grounds belonging to the said Parish of Thorpe Achurch, whole Names are thereunder subscribed, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the said Parish, several Open Copmon Fields, and Meadow Grounds, containing together i,8oo Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst flic Proprietors, in proportion’ to their respective Interest, the same might be improved, to the great Advantage of all the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may. be given -to bring in a Bill for fhofe Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.;

Ordered, That Lieave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fbant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mi\ George Bridges Brudenell and Sir William Dolben do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That-Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolltnent of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for; Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And that M1!* Feilde, Mr, Cornwall, and Mr.

Ambler, ,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

’ »»... . - t j,

~ A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr.-Speaker do issue his Warrant to the CkfrLof the^ Crojvn, to make out a new Writ for the E^e^i^g o($ Buigefs to serve in this present Parliament wr the Towfi of Cambridge,-in the County of in the room of Soamt Jenyns, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Tow$, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations;

The House was, moved. That Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the 4‘ Succession, to the prown of Great Britain, in the V Protestant Line," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House,

withdsawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Warwick posed, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the 'Vr*t" Eieding of a. Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, in the room ,of the Right honourable George Greville, commonly called JLofd Grevillewho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Comtiyffioners for Trade and Plantations.

A Motion was made,' and the Question being put. Order* That the'Orders of the'Day be now read; - of the

The House divided. Da>*

The Noes went forth. 1 ,

TcUers for the YeaS’{Mr^p/tmer: ;: \'ll

!Mr.1 Aldertrian Saw-

bridge,

Mr. Baker

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of, the Day being accordingly read, for Mutiny receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole *nd

House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and trtl0lv

Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; ,

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the said Committee,’ the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dtreded him;-to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with t}ie Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Mqtion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till /his Day Sevennight;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,-agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Deeds

and

Will*.

Cambridge

new

Writ.

.< A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwicki

and also of the several Inhabitants of the said Borough,1 whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Was presented to the House, and read; Chmplaining of the high Price 6f Wheat, Barley, and other Provisions: And praying. That the Importation thereof may be allowed, Duty fiee.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read.;.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-, W*y» ing next, resolve itself into a Committee; of the whole *nd House, to consider further of Ways and; Means for raise ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Monn Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His. Majesty. H - j

..... ;.Mr.

12 Geo. III. 12* — 13*

Enfield Mr. Phtmer presented to the House, according to *? Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Road. several A As for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of to the Town of

Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and also for repairing the Road from the End of the Town of Hertford, to A End, near Ware, in the said- County of Hertford: And the same was received;

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer. have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

-And he movtd the House accordingly.

; And the said Bill was read the First Time;

.. Resolved, That-the- Bill be read Second Time.

A. > , *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow c? Morning) Ten of the Clock. '

V t ' -L

\ " — Z." 7 i

’’ . -a r*.:

Jovis, its die Februariij r:

Anno ia' Georgii IIIll‘ Regis, 1772*

Pr.ayehs. .....

Sand ford \ Petition. of the several Persons whose: Names > are Indofnre. fl thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and ,read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, or some of them, as Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Manor or Lord ship of in the Parjfa of War*

top, in the County of Westmorland, are entitled to Right of Common upon certain Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, called or known by the Names of Sand ford High Moor and Sand ford Low , and other Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, and also entitled,..as Tenants in Common, to a certain Stinted Paftuve, within the said Manor or Lordship, called Sand ford Pasture; and that, if the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pallure^ were divided and inclosed, the Estates of the Persons interested therein would be very considerably; ityiprpved; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given _ to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pallure, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Honeywood, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Musgrave, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. "

Den (hanger Mr . HanmeTpresented to the House, according to

ladofure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Denjhanger, in the Parish of Paffcnhotn, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sonlbory Mr. Hanrner presented to the House, according to ladofure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Liberties of Soul bury, with the Hamlet of Hollingdon, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lanark Captain Lockhart Ross presented to the House, ac-Roadi, cording to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or '- VOL. $3.

Februarii. 471

hear a Place called the tiowford^ iu tlfe Hid County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

: Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Serjeant Glynn presented to tbtr Hdufk) according: Islington to Order, a Bill for lighting such Part of the Town of Lighting Islington as lies , in the Parish of Saint Maty, in.

the County of Middlesex, and for establishing’ a regular M Nightly Watch therein: And the fanrie was received.) and read the First Time. J:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,:

General Vernon presented to the House, according skeffiogtoa to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting,.and inclosing). Inclosure. the Open Fields and Comnionable Places, in the Earimr of Skpffington,. and County of Leitefierz And the: same was received; and read the First Time. . - .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timet

An ingrafted Bill , to enable Henry'Peyton, Esquirfe, Peyton’* lately called Henry Da/kvooood, and his issue, to take. N»me» and ole the Surname and Arms of Peyton, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Peyton, Baronet, deceased, was read the Third. Time. ' ' ,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Henry Pey, Esquire, lately called Henry Dashwood, and his Issue, to, take and use the.Surname and Anns of PeyfoA, pursuant' to the Will of Sir Thomas Peyton, Baronet, -deceased.

Ordered, That . Sir Edward Afiley do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence..; c

Sic Edword, Afiley reported, from the Committee/ to Norwich whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put ' t®1

in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in, the Ninth.

Year of she Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road\ from the City of Norwich, to Stole Bridge, in the County of

Norfolk; and . of several Persons, who have advanced and lent Money on the Credit of the said Act, was referred) That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition* and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli*, vered it in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the same was read; and is as followeth; dris.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees are restrained from erecting any Gates, except at such Places as are therein particularly mentioned.

Mr. Henry Browne being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, hay; borrowed the Sum of £. 5,900, which dill remains due; and which has been applied towards repairing the said Road.

That a further Sum of £. 1,887 is Hill necessary to put the said Road into Repair; which cannot be raised unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged and continued.

That the Gates are not properly placed at present; but he apprehends, that if the Gates were removed, and a fthall additional Toll granted, the said Roads may be effectually repaired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to.

Stole Bridge» in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Edward Afiley and Mr. De Grey do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bridgetaallen, and Bur- Maidmheai gestes, of the Town of Maydenheth, otherwise Maiden- Bridge,

head, in the County of Berks, under their Common *

Seal, was. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Bridge over the River Thames,

near

472 13* Fekruarii. ' A. 1772.

near the said Towi* is to indent Timber Bridge, and A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-the Mage over the same is very narrow and iacouuno- men, and Manufacturers, residing at Bridgnorth, Brofeley, dious, and, by Radon of the enetive Weights earned Madeley, and in the County of Salop, and

thereon, is so greatly decayed, that it is necessary the also of the Owners of Barges and Vessels navigated upon same should be , rebuilt, and io a more strong and the River Severn, whole Names are thereunto tubferibed, doiablciManner than the present, and in such Manner was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, as to be passable at all Times in the Year, which would That the Navigation of the said River, between be. of piddle Utility; and that the Petitioners have Bridge and a Place called the Meadow Wharf, at Coal-caafed a Plan to be drawn, and an Estimate made of the in the said County, is much impeded for Want

Expence of building such Bridge; and are w'dfrng and of a Towing Path; and that the major Part of the desirous that the Tolls they are. entitled to collect Afraid Proprietors of Lands along the said River are willing to hereafter be applied for that Purpose; but it appears the part with so much of their Lands as may be deemed same wiU not be fafodent to defray the Expencetbercof, necessary to promote and improve the Trade and Na-. without the Affifhnce of Parliament: And therefore vigation of the said River: And therefore praying, praying the House to take the Premises into Confident- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making bon, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill such a Towing Path or Paths, along the-to enable them to build a Bridge, agreeable to the said between the Places aforesaid, as shall be sufficiently Plan, or upon such other Plan as the Hotise flsall think broad for the Use of Horses, and for the better improv-proper; and to defray the Expence thereof, either by ing the Navigation of the said River, in such Man-granting the Petitioners certain additional Tolls, to be ner, and under such Restrictions, as the House shall applied in Aid of their present Tolls, or by such other think fit.

Ways or Means as to dim House shall appear just and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the mafooable. Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Ordered, That the fai<^Petition be referred to the Con* mine the Matter thereof; and report„ the fame, as it sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine shall appear to them, to the House: the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Audi ap- And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Gilbert, &c.:

pear to them, to the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

And it is referred to Mr. Vanfatart, Mr. Congreve, flee.: the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.; ! Mr. Jenyns, from the Commissioners for Trade and

Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s A Petition of Henry James Bye, Esquire, Lord of the Command,

Manor of Greet Farringdon, in the County of Berks, Estimate of the Charges of maintaining and support-and also Rector Impfopriate of Great Farringdon afore- fog the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of laid, Anthony Pye, John Poole, William Ward, Thomas Nova Scotia, for the Year 1772: And also,

Boncher, Edward Coles, and others, whose Names toe Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Colony of Georgia, fend other incidental Experfces" at-Lands in the Open and Common Fields, Commonable tending the fame, frbmi the 24th of June 1771 to the Lands, and Meadow Ground, in the Manor and Parish 34th of June 1772: And also,

of Great Farringdon aforesaid, was presented to the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Province of Eef Florida, and other incidental Expences Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Open attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1771 to the and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Meadow «4thcf June 1772: And also,

Ground, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s

Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improve- Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences meat; and that it would be advantageous to the Persons attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1771 to the mterested therein, if the same were divided, indofed, and 24th of June 1772: And also,

allotted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be - Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and al- of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the lotting, the raid Open and Common Fields, Common- Year 1772: And also,

able Lands, and Meadow Grounds, within the said Estimate of the Expence of supporting and main-Manor and Parish, in such Manner as to the House shall taining the Civil Establishment of the Government of seem meet. on that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary, and Cape suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Rouge, for the Year 1772.

Vansittart and Admiral Craven do prepare, and bring in, And the Titles of the said Estimates were read, the fame. The laid Estimates arc as followeth; viz.

1

Gmi Farriagdoa

ESTIMATE.

Screm

Towing

PttL

Colonial

ftc

Eflinmq,

12 Geo. Ill

130 Februarii.

473

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony

of Neva Scotia, for the Year 177a.

To an additional Salary to the Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice ——

To a Salary to the Attorney General -

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerks -

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer ——

To an Allowance to the Register

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment ——

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and 01 her contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office -To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent, to the Ministers and Schoolmasters, in the different Districts of the Province -

To an Allowance for Firewood, for the Use of the Governor’s House, and Public Offices To the Expences of a Pilot Boat -

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of the Treasurer -

To the Expence of the Orphan House -

To Allowances to Mrs. blew, and sundry Persons, who, after long and meritorious Services, are left destitute, under Age and Infirmity, by the Discontinuance of sundry Establishments heretofore maintained at the Public Charge -

To an Allowance for a Magiftmte in the Island of Breton -

To an Allowance for a Priest to the Micmac India, pursuant to a Treaty in 1761, being an Allowance heretofore paid out of the Contingencies, for which no Provision is made in this Estimate ——

To an Allowance upon Account for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of the Monies granted upon this Estimate -

To £ 750, being in Part of £. 1,500, remaining to be allowed as per Estimate of last Year, for building a Church, a Court House, and a Gaol, at Charlotte , in the Iffand of Saint John -

To an Allowance for the Repair of the parochial Church of Saint Paul, at Halifax To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislaturebf Nova Scotia, for the Maintenance and Support of a Light House, near the Entrance of the Harbour of Halifax

£ X.

500 —

500 —

182 10

262 10

182 10

182 10

321 *5

96 12

5a 6

44° —

288 *5

203 1

200 —

5° —

384 1

lS°

IOO 1

100

75°----

200 — - —

100 — - —

5»346

10

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1771 to the 24th of June 177a.

To the Salary of the Governor ——

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Secretary ——

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly ——

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents - -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Church of England, and Two Schoolmasters

To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -

To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and sufficient Hands ——

To an Allowance for contingent Expences -

To an Allowance to Mr. Ottolenghe, Superintendant of the late Filature at , in Consideration of his long and faithful Services in that Office, which is now discontinued To an Allowance for the Purchase of Implements and Utensils, for improving the Manufacture of Raw Silk ——

£ s. d.

,000 — —

coo-----

IOO-----

20----

I50-----

IOO -- —

15°-----

100 — —

116-----

200 — —

50-----

500-----

IOO — — IOO — —

3,186-----

V

0L»

33*

6 F-

ESTI MATE

474 13° FebruariL A. 1772.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of and other incidental

EJxpences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1771 to the 24th of June 1772.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary ofj the Chief Justice - - - - ,- - -

To the Salary or the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council

To the Salary of the Reg'ifter ——

To a Salary to the Receiver General of the Quit Rents - -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To an Allowance for an Assistant -

To the Salary o^ the Agent -

To a Mini tier at S' Augnjline

To a Minister at 5* Mark’s -. - -

To a Schoolmaftet at each of the above Places, £. 25 each -

To the Salary of a Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Pilot established at S1 Augustine -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper AfTortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians, and contingent Expences relative to that Service - .

£. s. d.

1,200 -

5OO----

150----

150----

IOQ-----

100----

120----

30-----

200 -

too-----

100 — —

50-----

too — —

50-----

1,600 -

1,000 -- —

4.950-----

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1771 to the 24th of June 1772.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of a Register - - - - ’ - -

To the Surveyor of Lands -

To an Allowance to an Assistant - -

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola ——

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £.25 each -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal - - -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

To an Allowance-for a Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians -To-Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds, being in Part of Two thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, to be allowed as per Estimate of last Year, for building a House for the Residence of His Majesty’s Governor of the Province of West Florida, for the Time being -

1,200 — 500 — 150 — 150 — 100 — 120 — 30 — 200 — 100 — 100 —

5° — 100 —

1.000 —

1.000 —

850 —

d.

ESTIMATE

ii Geo. III. 130 Februarii.

475

0

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1772.

To an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at ,during the Time the Chief Surveyor is employed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern Districts -To a Deputy Surveyor, at Ten Shillings per Day, and Two Assistant Surveyors, at Seven Shillings per Day each ——

To One Draughtfnun, at Five Shillings per Day - -

To ah additional Pay of One Shilling and Eight.Pence per Day to One Serjeant, One Shilling per Day to One Corporal, and Sixpence per Day to Twelve private Men, to assist in such Survey, and to serve as Camp, Colour, and Chain Men, and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of the Mountains - -

To extraordinary Expences, for Horses, Guides, £ -

To Expences and Allowances for the Survey of the Southern Distridfc -

To an Allowance, upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of Monies granted upon the Estimate - -

To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies, for the Use of the Public Offices, of the Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for Pub- . lication ---- - -v ——

L

£ f-

IOO -

438-----

91 B "

i55 a’ — -

100 -

700 17 —

200 - — —

ICO —

1,885 4 "*

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Semgambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1772.

To a Salary to the Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Superinteudant of Trade, at James Fort, in the River Gambia -To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province - - - .

To an Allowance to^Two Ministers -

To an Allowance for a Schoolmaster at S' Lewis -

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorifk Affairs -

To an Allowance for Repair of Forts, and other contingent Expences - -

To the Expence of an armed Sloop, to be employed under the Command of the Governor To a Salary to an Agent, for the Affairs of the Province -

£ s. d. 1,200 — —

400-----

200----

200----

200----

50----

100 — — 2,786 — 9*

1,000----

200-----

c

6,336 —

9l

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Table.

Infoirmt Ordered, That Mr. Howard be added to the Gentle- Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to Or-£>ebiors. men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill der, a Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And the for Relief of Insolvent Debtors. same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ditt0 A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

(Mirthilfea) Marshalsea Prison, Southwark, was presented to the

House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Arnold Meyer and praying Relief. Peter Boetefeur, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 33. . Resolved,

Info] Tent Debtor*.

M eyet and Boetefeur’* Nat,

Marine

Forces.

Welton

Indofarc.

Turnpike

Roads,

Sandhurst 1 urves, *c.

476 130 Februarii. 177

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Arnold Meyer and Peter foetefeur.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurfertce.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Dame Anne Cujl, Widow, William Hitd-yard, Broxholm Brown, John Cortis, Edward Naylor, Samuel Hughjon, and John Beech, Proprietors of Lands

and Grounds in the Township and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Township and Parish, there are several Open ^ind Uninclosed Arable Fields, Heath Ground, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, or other Open and Common Lands and Grounds, which contain, by Estimation, 3,000 Acres; and that the Lands lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated, as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a general Advantage to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing of the said Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Heath Grounds, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Common Lands and Grounds, in the said Township and Parish of Welton, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Breadth of the Wheels of Carriages used upon Turnpike Roads, and to the Number of Horses allowed to be used therewith; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savile,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Daniel Fox, of Binfield, in the County of Berks, Esquire, and Elizabeth Caroline, his Wife, Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the Forest of J'or, in the same County, being offered to be. presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That Queen Elizabeth did, by Letters Patent, dated the 16th Day of February, in the Fourth Year of her Reign, in Consideration of £. 248, grant to Sir John Malon. and his Heirs, her Lordship or Manor of

5 ♦

Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, by such Defections as are therein mentioned, and together with alt Lands, Commons, Wastes, Waftrith, Places, Heath, Grounds, Moors, Marshes, Woods, Underwoods, Waters, Pifcaries, Fishings, Ponds, Pools, and all Rents and Services, as well of Free as of Customary Tenements and Tenants, by Copy of Court Roll, and all Fines and Amerciaments of the Tenants of the Lordship and Manor aforesaid, Free Warrens, and all other her Rights, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Liberties, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, and Hereditaments whatsoever, with their Appurtenances, in the Town, Fields, Parishes, or Hamlets, of Sandhurst, or elsewhere, in the said County, to the said Lordship or Manor of Sandhurst, and other the Premises, belonging or appertaining; and did also grant to the said Sir John Majon, his Heirs and Assigns, all Manner of Woods, Underwoods, and Trees, whatsoever, growing and being in and upon the said Lordship, Manor, and Premises, and every Part thereof, and all the Ground and Soil of the same Woods, Underwoods, and Trees, and the Rents, Services, Reversions, Emoluments, and Annual Profits whatsoever, reserved upon any Demise or Grant of the said Lordship, Manor, and Premises, or any Part thereof, except as therein excepted, for ever to be holden, of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, as of her Manor of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent; and that the said Manor and Waste Lands do, by the Petitioner’s Marriage Settlement, now stand limited to the Use of the Petitioners and their Assigns respectively, for their natural Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, with Remainder to their Children, in such Manner as they shall appoint; with Remainder to the Survivor of the Petitioners, his or her Heirs and Assigns; but the Petitioners have not any Issue, and are now in Possession of the said Manor and Premises, with the Appurtenances, and the Owners of the Ground and Soil of the Wastes of the said Manor; and that the said Manor is in the Bailiwick of in the County of Berks, and within the Bounds of the Forest of Windsor-, and the Petitioners, and those under whom they claim, as Owners of the Soil of the Waste Lands, did, for many Years, annually cut, dig, and carry away, from the Wastes of the said Manor, Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing thereon; and the Benefit arising therefrom was the foie Advantage arising to the Petitioners, as Owners of the said Manor and Waste Lands, except some small Quit Rents; but, in the Year 1763, an Information was exhibited against the Petitioners, and their Workmen, complaining, that the getting of such Turves, Pear, Heath, and Fern, was a Prejudice to the Vert and Covert for His Majesty’s Deer, and praying an Injunction, to restrain the Petitioners from cutting the fame; and that, upon filing such Information, and before the Petitioners had put in an Answer thereto, the Court of Exchequer ordered an Injunction to issue, until the Petitioners should answer the Information; and that the Petitioners put in their Answer to the said Information, and infilled, that the Matters in question were not within the Jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer, but ought to be determined in the Forest Courts; and that the Petitioners had a Right to cut, dig, and carry away. Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, and to dispose of the fame, so as they did not prejudice the Vert and Covert for His Majesty’s Deer; and that such cutting and carrying away, in the Manner the same had been exercised in the Year 1763, and* before, was no Prejudice thereto; and that the Waste Lands lying within the said Manor contain 3,600 Acres, and upwards; and not only the Petitioners, but those under whom they claim, did, for a great Number of Years previous to the granting the said Injunction, cut Peat and Turves from the Waste of the said Manor, and fold the fame, whereby many of the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parishes, and particularly the Poor in that Neighbourhood, were supplied with Fuel on reasonable

Terras*

J

i? Geo. III. 13" — 17°

Terms, in a Country where other Fuel is very dear; and the retraining the Petitioners from cutting Peat and Turves has been, and continues to be, not only a great Loss to them, but a great Injury to the Country in general; and that the Petitioners alone being entitled to the Soil of the Waste Lands within the said Manor, the Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing thereon, cannot be cut for Sale by any Person or Persons except the Petitioners, who are willing, in order to terminate all Disputes with respect to the cutting of Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, upon the said Wastes, and to put an End to the Suit now depending in the Court of Exchequer, to be restraitied froth cutting, in any One Year, more than 50 Acres of Ground for Turves, Heath, and Fern, and from digging more than One Acre of Ground for Peat, which, being less in the Whole than a 70th Part of the Waste Lands of the said Manor, can be no Prejudice to the Rights of the Crown there1 on: And therefore praying, Thdt Leave may be given to’ bring in a Bill for the Purpose of restraining the Petitioners, and also all future Lords of the said Manor of Sandhurst, from cutting, digging, or carrying away, Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon thfe Waste Lands lying within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as before is mentioned; and also for the Purpose of authorizing the Petitioners, and all future Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, to cut, dig, and carry away. Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, annually, upon such Propor-

- - tion or Quantity of the said Waste Lands as herein 1 before is expressed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, puf-suant -to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. iSkynner and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

Land Tax. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to liefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service of

the Year One- thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.. '

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to male good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1770, out -of the Supplies granted for the Year

I77-2-- .

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. ....

Mr: Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworthtook the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

‘ ~ Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee',

That’ they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,' when: the House will please to receive the iame'.* * ::

Ordered, That the Report be received upon- Monday Morning next. - !:

Ways and Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, for the Mealu. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HoUfe, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.J

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dischdrged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. Ordered', That the Order made: Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee Of the whole Vot. 33.

Febraarii. 477

House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit* notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom1* ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 17* die Februarii 5

Anno i*° Georgii III*11 Regis, 177a;

t

Frayers.

ABIL L to continue and enlarge the Term and Lobconibe Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year Corner; of the Reign of King (George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Comer,

in the Parish of Winter flow, to Hamhatn Bridge± in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New S, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and

from' Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Tejlxvood,

.to Ealing aforesaid; in the County of Southampton; and '

for repairing and widening the Road from the Rumsey and Rbigwood Turhpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndht&Jl, and from a Place called Hamptoh.

Ford to Lamb’sCorner,' in the said County of

ton; and for repairing the Footways within the said City* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed :to Lord Folke-ftOne, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet thii Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

.. i

A Petition Of Thomas Greed the Elder, Thomas Green Little the Yotinger, Edmund Tompkins,' and other the Pro- Kington prietors of divers Farms; Lands, Hereditaments; and Right of Common, in the Open and Common Fields; 1

Common Meadows, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds;! and Common of Waste Lands, situate within the Manor of King-

ton Combrooke, and Brookekampton, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, of the Proprietors in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed, and dispersed in small-Parcels, which, together with several Tracts of Common, or Waste or Commonable Land, or Ground, within the said Parish, are, in their- present Situation, capable of very little Improvement; and that, if the same were-iriclosed and divided, it would-be an Advantage to the several Persons interested therein^ and be of publifc Utility: And therefore praying,-That Leave may be given to -bring in- i Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, all the said Open and Conhmon Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures,

Lands,’ and- Grounds, and Common or Waste Land or -Ground,--in such Manner as to the House' shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in' a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Skipwith, Mr. Clarke, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl S'Ntefcobi* Brooke, of Warmth Castle, and Earl of Warwick. Lord I*"?*

6 F of

47® *7° Febrmrii. 177*.

fef the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, and a Proprietor of Lands and Hereditaments in the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, situate in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, within the Manor of Warwick aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Henry , Clerk,. "James

'Money, John Webb, and others, Proprietors of divers Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Right of Common, in the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Places, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, in the said Fields and Common or Commonable Places, lie greatly intermixed, and in small Parcels; which, together with several Tracts of Common or Waste Land, lying within the said Fields and Parish, are, in their present Situation, incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the same were inclosed and divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein, it would be an Advantage to them, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, in such Manner as to the House shall seem.meet.

Ordered, That Leave f>e given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Methuen, the Lord Qrevillt, and Sir Edward Bayutun, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Richmond A Petition of Thomas Dobb, Rickard and Henry acwChawL North, Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster,

new Gentlemen, and several of the Inhabitants of Everton, within the Parish of Wain the County of Latncaf-ter aforesaid, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the ^Inhabitants of Everton and its Neighbourhood, who are now very numerous, and continue to increase, lie at the Distance of a Mile and a Half from any Church or Chapel i and that the Parish Church of Walton, the near-eft to Everton, is not sufficient to accommodate the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood who are inclined to attend Divine Service; and that the said Thomas Dobb, Richard Dobb, and Hearhave allotted and set out a Part of a certain Field, or Parcel of Ground, twithin the Parish of Liverpool, Gtuated near Everton aforesaid, for the Site of a new Church, together with a Church Yard for the Use thereof, and have already begun to erect upon the said Ground, and at their own Expences are carrying on, a Building intended for a new Church, in a proper, decent, and commodious Manner, Rt for the performing Divine Service therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to finish and complete the Building now carrying on, and intended fora new Church, on the said Ground; and that the said Church, when built and completed, may be let apart, consecrated, and dedicated, to and for the Service of Almighty God, as a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Usage of the Church of England, for ever -, with such other Additions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-jsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereofj and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William Meredith, Mr. Skip-with, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber i and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Plrnooth A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Houses *’ and Buildings, fronting the Streets of the Town of Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read s Taking a

Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town and setting forth.

That the Petitioners conceive the Amendments intended by the said Bill will not only afteft the Principles of the said Act, in divers Parts thereof, but tend to subject the Petitioners and others to unequal Burthens, and will be otherwise very injurious to them, and others under the like Circumstances; and that the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend the said Attempt is made for partial Purposes: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affest them, or be improper to pass into a Law; or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and incloltog the Commons and Scaftwrh Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Scaft- IncW"*« worth, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Lascelles, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading through the County of Lanark; and for building & 6

Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called the Howford, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain Ross, Mr. Edmonjtone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare Militia an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1772.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Cooper, See.: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charles Townshend presented to the House, ac- Great cording to Order, a Bill for clearing, depthening, re- Y*r®o«ib pairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven a«i Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire: AncJ the same was received i and tead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Wiliam - Aceanti /ague, from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended at the Doof; be was called in; and, T^. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Dt-reftions of several Acts of Parliament;

An Account of the Surplu? of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the Fifth Day of July 1771: Andalfo,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Acts-for building and completing Black Friars Bridge, from the 28th Day of 1770,

exclusive.

Carlisle

Roads.

Teas: Bast India Co«£tify.

Exchequer Bills.

Handbotoogh

Xudosure.

12 Geo. III. 170 FehrtiarH.

479

exclusive, to the a8th Day of September 1771, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London, from the 28th Day of September 1770, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1771, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for the repairing the Royal Exchange, in the City of London, from the 28th Day of September 1770, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1771, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, from the 28th Day of September

1770, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1771, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London and the Liberties thereof, from the 28 th Day of September 1770, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1771, indufive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Acts for continuing the Tolls on London and Black Fryars Bridges, from the 28th Day of September 1770, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September

1771, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fletcher presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Raffles, near the City of Carlisle, to fVigton, and from thence to the South End of Httnda Lane; and also the Road from fVigton to Abbey Holme, and from Wigton to Chalkbeck, in the County Of Cumberland: And' the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made In the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling' per-Pound Weight upon all Black and Sioglo Teas consumed in Great Britain', and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in Smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in; and

for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain; and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes which have arisen upon the said' Act of Parliament: And the same was received; and 'read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loansor Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the.Year 1771.

A Petition of his Grace the Mod noble George Duke of Marlborough, Lord of the Manor of Handborough, in the County of Oxford, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Thomas Fry, Doctor in Divinity, President of Saint Johns College, in the University.of and

Rector of the Parish Church of Handborough aforesaid;.

VOL. 33.

the Reverend Thomas Gregory, Clerk, Thomas Haynes, William Haynes, John Prior, and the several other Persons

whose Names are thereunder written. Proprietors of Common Field Lands, Grounds, and Tithes, in the Parish of Handborough aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the said Parish, which lie greatly intermixed, and are of small Advantage, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be a considerable Improvement to their respect ive Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skynner and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Mutiny, tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General Honywood presented to the House, according Ormfide

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Inclosure* mon and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Ormfide, in the Parish of Ormfide, in the County of West-moreland: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Wenman presented to the House, accord- Epwell ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Indofore. Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Township, Liberties, and Precincts of Epwell, iif the County of Oxford:And the same was received; and’ read the First Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skynner presented to the House, according to Sandhurst, Order, a. Bill to restrain the Lord of the Manor of S/ind- T«rve»,-hurstyin the County of Berks, for the Time being, from *c* cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern,-' growing tipose' the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to Authorize the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, to cut Turves* Peat, Heath, and Fern, Annually,' upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned': And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question! severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bill

Land Tax.

A

480. 170 Februarii A. 1772.

Deo&acgtr, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cotn-. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

ore’ Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of 1Oenfltanger, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Haunter, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Soolbory, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, "ck"u,e* and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Liberties of , with the Hamlet of

Hollindon, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. mer, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Skeffington a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open n oture, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Skef-

fington, and County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

: Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Vernon, Mr. Sloane, See,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in: the; Speaker’s. Chamber.

Malt, Mum, An ingrafted Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt,'.Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 772, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass :And that the Title be,. An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service, of the Year, 1717.2^; .,

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the r t Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Deed* ( Mr. Ambler presented to the House, according to *"*1 Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of* of Deeds, and Wijjs,.made by Pspifts, and for Relief of Papish. Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and:

read the First Time. .....' .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lamiet’f A Petition: of John was presented to

the. House, and.read} Praying, That Leave,.may be given to bring ip, a. Bill for his Naturalization.:

Ordered, That,.Leave be giveri to bring in a Bill, according tP the Prayer of the said Petition: And that $jr Charles Whitworth and General Vernon do prepare, afld.brfog.in^tjjefame.;--- ... - - .

r<r., ! ’ . i-:

roliington, . A, Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Open, Common, &c* Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture: ncoure. Grounds, Commons, hndi Waft< Grounds, within the Townships of Roliington, Bain, Whitley, and Whitley 'ffarpe, Great Heck, and Little in the Parishesr of; Sjtafih and, Kdlingten, tin the County of York, was read a $£COt|d Tipte./; . , I

5 , Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George §ayi/e, Mr. Lqfcelles, Sec.: And, they are to meet, this Afternoon, at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s £harpb$r. 1; , .

:; > ! Ackworth A. Petition of several Freeholders, and others. of the Inclosure. Paj-iifogf Jckworth, in the West. Riding of the County of Yittj k’,was presented to the House, and read; Setting , That there, are, within the said Parish, feverat

Oppi).Ftcidsi, a Common. Pasture, with a copfidembfo Tfa^i.of CprtunPns. and Waste., Grounds, belonging'to

.'i

*- r /.

the Petitioners hnd others; and that* if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and others, according to their Interests therein, it would be a considerable Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying* That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Common Pasture, Commons, and Waste Grounds, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr* Lascelles do prepare* and bring, in, the fame.

Mr. Be Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it jn at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. BeHbret William Algar, being examined, said, That the Road ..Ga'" from Berstreet Gates, of the City of Norwich, to New. '* °to, C Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk, is in a ruinous New Condition, and in some Parts narrow; and cannot^ Buckenham be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, Ro®d* by the Laws now in being; and, if the said Road was amended, it would be very beneficial to Persons passing that way. , 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Berfirett Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk: And that’Mr. De Grey and Sir ( Edward Aftley do prepare, and bring in, the lame. . .'

Sir Wrottefiey presented to the House, according; Leek, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Ioc*£. Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of RufhtonJames, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received;. 4nd read the First Time.

'Resolved, That thief Bill be read a Second Time. ’

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and 8toke Waste Grounds* within the Parish and Manor of Stoke Prior, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second *

Time.; .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr.: Hanmer,&c.: And they are to meet thii

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, jin the Speaker’s. Chamber.; u; .

1 Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee*. Bedford to whom the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and _ Level Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great-Level'of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level,. was.referred;.That the Committee had examined the.

Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him: to report the fame, as. it appeared to, them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in aft the Clerk’s Table: Where the;

same was read; and is hs followeth; viz.- ,

To prove the Allegations of the said' Petition, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, Tor draining tilt Great Levehof. the Fens, called Bedford Level, was read; by which it appeared, that: Ninety-five thousand Acres of Land were allotted to the Bedford Level Corporation, as a Recompence for draining the Great Level of the Fens; and the said Corpo- ' ration were empowered to tax the said Ninety-five thousand Acres, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Great' Level. And ako*

..-'a ...; . j Ad

1

12 Geo. III.

An Act, made in the Twenty-hinth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for establishing a Fund for Payment of t he Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called , and for

exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds, payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums, for the Use of the said Great Level, Was read; whereby it appeared, that such Part of the said 95,000 Acres, as lie within the Middle and South Levels, were charged and assessed with a single gradual Acre Tax, according to Valuations made in pursuance of an Act of the Twed*-tieth Year of King Charles the Second, during such Time as any Debt should be owing from the said Corporation, upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels $ and the said Corporation were thereby empowered to borrow Money upon Bond, £0 as the Debt upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels was not made to exceed £. 32,000; and the Taxes of the (kid Middle and South Levels were thereby made a Security for the Payment of the Money so to be borrowed: Then,

Mr. John Brownes Clerk to the Register of the said Corporation, informed your Committee, That the Debt of the said Corporation, upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, is increased to £. 30,700.

Mr. Richard Dunthorne, being examined, said. That great Damage had been done to the principal Works made for the Preservation of the said Middle and South Levels, by the Floods of last Winter; and that such Works could not be preserved from the ordinary Revenue of the said Corporation, nor without borrowing more Money for that Purpose.

Mr. John Browne further said. That at a General Meeting of the said Corporation at , on the 20th of April last, it was declared to be the unanimous Opinion of the Board, that an Application should be made to Parliament, for borrowing the further Sum of £. 12,000. '

Mr. Richard Dunthorne further said. That he apprehended, that the Power to borrow the said further Sum, to be applied to the principal Works of the said Corporation in the said Middle and South Levels, might not only be for the Benefit of the Country in general, but of the Creditors of the said Corporation, provided such Part of the said 95,000 Acres, as lie within the said Middle and South Levels, are charged with a further Tax than the gradual single Acre l ax, wherewith the same are charged by the said Act of the 29th Year of King George the Second, during such Time as such additional Debt, or any Part thereof, shall remain due from the said Corporation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Governors, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford to borrow upon

Bonds further Money upon Account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for establishing a further certain Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation, out of the said Middle and South Levels: And that Sir John Hynde , Sir Sampson Gideon, Mr. , Mr. Fellowes, and Mr.

Wyldbore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

’ DunfUble Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom $r Hockliffe the Petition of the Trustees, nominated, constituted, and Roads., appointed, in, or by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual. Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the 9th and 12th Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen and the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, foe repairing the Highways between Dmjlabk and , in the County of Bedford; and also for repairing the Road from the Vol. 33. *

481

Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King’s in Hockliffe aforesaid, and of divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Bedford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the 26th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign was read; and Mr. William Hampfon produced to your Committee, an Extract from the Books of the Trust of the General State of Receipts and Disbursements, by which it appeared, that there now remains due the Sum of £. 233. 12. if, which, the Witness said, cannot be paid off, and the Roads ‘ kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act arefurthpr continued and enlarged.

Mr. William Gutttridge confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Hampfon i and added, That there is & final! Part of Road, which joins to the Roads directed to be repaired by the aforesaid Act, which is greatly out of Repair, and cannot be repaired by any other Means, than by putting it under the Care of the Trustees of the former Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King’s Arms, in hffeaforesaid; and also for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horses to the Bull Inn, in Dunfable aforesaid: And that Mr. Ongley and Sir George Osborn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Petition of James Callington Buller, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon Election. the 27th Day of January last, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall j and also the Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Monday the 24th Day of thislnstant February; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed, That, since the presenting of the said Petition, the said James,

Esquire, is dead;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Marine itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Force*.

Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made . several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re* port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for lighting such Part of the Town of , lflington

as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County Lighting,&c. of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Enfield Acts, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of En- to Hertford field, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hert- °*

0 G ford>

170 Februarii.

482

ford, and bther Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and also for repairing the Road from the End of the Town of Hertford, to Amwell near Ware, in the said

County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Halsey,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s. Chamber.

Insolvent A Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was read a Debtors. 5econ(j Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. . .,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Quieting A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Subjects. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for quieting the Subjects of this Realm, against dormant Claims of the Church;

The House divided.

the Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [ . ] ' 7-

!Mr. Eownshend, f

Junior, >141.

Sir Alexander Gilmour: J So it passed in the Negative.

Ways and The other Orders of the Day being read;

Means. Resolved, That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mar thy 18 0 Februarii;

Anno 12° Georgii III. M Regis, 1772,

Prayers.

T'vittock, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and f\ principal Inhabitants of, or residing near to, the Town and Borough of in the County of De-

1772.

von, and of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from the said Borough of Eavijlock, and allb of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed and expended a considerable Sum of Money; but find that the said Roads cannot effectually be repaired, and the said Debt discharged, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereby given enlarged c And alledging. That the Road leading from the Guildhall of the said Borough, through Matthew Street and Brook Street, over the River Eavy, by Eavyton, and over Little Down, and by certain Places, called Merreville Bridge and Two Bridges, to a Place called Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor,- in ther said County, in the Road from Tavistock to Exeter, through the: Town-of Mortonhamp-Jlead.; and also, the Road from the said Place called Two Bridges, to or near a. Place catted Dunnabridge Pound, in the same Forest, in -the Road, from to Ash-

burton', and also, the Road branching-off from the lington Turnpike Road, :leading -through Morwellham Lane, over Morwell Down, to certain Quays on the

River Earner, called Morwell Ha and New Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, are in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places very narrow, and cannot be amended, widened, altered, rendered commodious, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for prolonging the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act; and also for the amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the said other Highways or Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a.Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rigby,' Mr. Buller, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being- informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out the 5th Day of January 1772, being Old Christmas Day, with the Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

17* — 18° Februarii,

To

r

Exchequer

Account.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled. '

An ACCOUNT of* all the Pub t.ic Debts, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out the 5th Day of January 1772 (being Old Day) f with the Annual

Interest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

o

r

Co

Co

Cj 1

0 &

0 0Q_ FT

EXCHEQ UER.

Annuities Tor long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and feribed to the South Sea Company Ditto--- for LII es, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed -

Ditto-for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum regaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills made out for the Interest old Bills -

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act 50 G/V 3lli/?/, being the original Sum contributed -

N'te. The Land Taxes and Duties on Mait,d3V being Annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the £. x,oooo, oco charged on the Deduction of 6 d. per L’b. on Pensions, nor the £. 1,800,000 borrowed Anno 1771, and charged on the Supplies 1772.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, q° Willi. 3tVl Rs, and Two other AOs, 6J tj g° Anna Rna, at £. 3 per Cent per Antium -

Annuities at 3/er 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters -

OF ENGLAND.

BANK

On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. from the lit August 1743 ——

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii prim: Regis ——

Purchased of the South Sea Company ——

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714

Ditto — at/* 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Coals, since Lady Day 1719 ——

Ditto-at £.3 ptr Cent, per Ann. A* 1746, charged on the Duties on Licence* for iciaiiing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day 1746 -

Ditto- at £.3 Per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Adb 250, 28 , 29°, 32°, £jf 330 Gii. 2d* Rs, & 40, 6

lo° Gii. 3tU Rs ——

Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent. p:r Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, dsfr

Houses and Windows, by the Act 6° Gii. 3lii Rs ——

Ditto-at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund by the Act 25® Gii. 2dl Rs, & 50 Gii 3*1 Rs

-at r. 7 I ter Cent, ter /Jnn. on the Duties on OKires and Pensions. £*f arante.l Kv an A.^ l i° Gii.

8°’j 5 ill

granted by the Act 310 Gii. 2di Rs, and Duty on ^Co 000 — __________ J

jT. 3 \ per Cent.per Ann. chr.-gc-d on the Duties on Offices and Penhons, & granted by an Act 31° Gii. 2di Rs, and Duty on Houses and Windows, by 7

the Act 6° Gii. 3th Rs..... - J

at £.4 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund by the Act 20 Gii. 3til Rs, being the Remainder of £.20,24.0,000, after deducting the Sum of) £ 1,253,700 subscribed and added to the Capital Stock of £. 3 per Cent, consolidated Annuities, by an Act io® Gii. 3tU Rs - - - -3

Memorandum: The Subscribers of £. lootothe Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9/. a Ticket, which amounted to ^.22,500, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 15,679. And the Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 18/. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 45,000, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 30,450. And ihe Subscribers of £. 100 for £. 3 per Cent. Anno 175 7, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of £. 1.2. 6. which amounted to^. 33,750, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 29,645. Aud the Subscribers of £. 100 for £. 3 per Cent. Annuities >761, were allowed for 99 Years of £. 1. 2.6. amounting, with the Charges of Management 10 the Bank of England, to £. 130,053. 10. 3. And the Contributors to £. 12,000,coo for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to Annuities for 98 Ye *rsof £. I per Cent, which, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amount to the Sum of £. 121,687. 10. which Annuities for 99 Ycais, and 98 Years, were consolidated by the Act 40 Gii. 3IU Rs; all which Annuities are anlncrease of the Annual Intereil, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as no Money was advanced for the same -

SOUTH

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 90 Georgiiprimi Regis Annuities atj£. 3 per Cent. Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund

SEA COMPANY.

EXCHEQUER, 7

18th February, 1772. J

5. P. Julliott.

Principal Debt.

25,025,309 13 u|

2,100,000 — —

£. 127,497,619 8 2}

Annual fnterest, or othfer Charges payable for the fame.

1.836,275 *7 lo-l 36.453 12 8

108,100 — — 7567 —

69,788 *4 io| 8.>°S 12 —

2,200 — — — _

18,000 540 "

3,200,000 97.285 *4 4

1,000,000 30,401 l5 8

3,200,000 IOO OOOO

500,000 — — 1 5,000 — —

4,000,000 — ' — 121 898 3 5

1,250,000 — — 37»5°° — —

1,750,000 — — 52,500 — —

986,800 29,604 — —

39,781,521 5 li 1,215,660 *4 si

i9-,83>323 16 4 586,290 6 6

4,500,000 — — 160,031 5 —

18,986,300 — — 770,13! *5 iof

327*5*5 " 3

765,326 3 2

64,181 5 —

4,526,392 8 8

OO

.12 Geo. III. i8°

18° Februarii. A. 1773.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Saint Mr. Methuen presented to the House, according to (Warwick) ^rt^er» 4 Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the ' inciofure. Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Rejihed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Loyne A Petition of Robert F Esquire, Mayor of the L.*ncaster) Borough of Lancaster, in the County of Abra-

avigation. RawtinJ'on, William John Thomas

Satterthwaite, William John Houfman, Samuel

Simpson, John Barrow, Henry,

Richard Salisbury, John , Edward Suart the Younger, Richard Millerson, John and Robert

Dodjon, Merchants, being Commissioners and Trullees nominated and appointed in, by virtue, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyn, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and all'o of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Traders residing within the Town of Lancaster aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That One Moiety of the Duties, granted by the said Act, expired on the 30th Day of April last; and that it is necessary, for the Benefit of Trade and Commerce, that the whole Duties thereby granted should be made perpetual; and that the said Act is in other Inllances incomplete for the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and for granting such further Powers as may be necessary for the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That they said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cavenham A Petition of the Right honourable Dowager Vis-Inclosure. countess Townshend, Lady of the Manor of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk, and Thomas Le , Esquire,

Impropriator of the said Parish, and others, Owners of Lands lying in the Open and Common Fields, and certain Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in, and Persons having a Right of Common upon, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested, and all Right of Common and Sheep Walk, in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, were extinguished, it would be of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested, and be of»public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, and for extinguishing all Right of Common, and Sheep Walk, within and in the said Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

7

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Mr. Holt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Earl of Carlifie was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Township and Parish of , in the

North Riding of the County of York, Silt Open Unin-clol'ed Common Fields, Three Common Pastures, and also. Three Moors or Commons, the Property of the Petitioner and others, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and some Parts thereof are boggy, and subject to be overflowed, and is, in its present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Lands were divided, inclosed, and drained, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioner and the rest of the Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to, bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the said Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that.Mr. Charles Fox and Mr. Fitzpatrick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the honourable John JoJepk

Banks, and Joseph Walls, Esquires, the Reverend Arthur Rockliffe, and Robert Bell, Clerks, and others, whole Names are subscribed. Owners or Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Ings, Lands, and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Manor of Moorby cum Wilkjby, in the Township of Moorby and Wilkjby, in the County of Lincoln, there are certain Open and Unindofed Arable Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, which are computed to contain in the whole 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would thereby accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ambler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make Freehold and Copyhold and Customary Freehold Estates Assets for Payment of Simple Contraft Debts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of Henry Somerset, Duke of Beaufort, &c. See. See. the honourable Charles Henry Dillon, Rowland Holt, Esquire, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, and other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many other Persons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Set of Men, who call themselves The Society of Free and Accepted Masons (whereof the Petitioners are Members) have, for Ages past, associated themselves within this Realm, for the carrying on the good Purposes for which their said Society was originally instituted; and have ever demeaned themselves with Duty and Loyalty to His Majesty and His Predecessors, with Reverence and Obedience to the Laws, and with universal Benevolence to all Mankind; and that, the said Society being founded upon humane and charitable Principles, the Members of it have, from Time to Time,

by

Terringt*

Indofat.

Moorby

and

Wilkfry

Indofore.

Estates

Assets

for

Debts.

Free

Mafoot

13 Geo. III. 18 Fehrudril485

by voluntary Contributions, raised considerable Sums of ley, and several other Market Towns in the West Money; and have, for several Years past, applied to Riding.

the Amount of £. 600 and upwards. Annually, upon That the said Ferry is at some Seasons dangerous, an Average, to the Relief of the Distressed j and that and at others utterly impassable for Passengers, who are the said Society are now possessed of a Fund, which frequently obliged to travel several Miles about, which they call The Fund of Charity, confiding of One thou- occasions great Delays and Expences. sand and Three hundred Pounds Three per Cent. Con- That Mr. Tkompfon is willing and defirousof building solidated Bank Annuities, together with Ready Money a Bridge at his own Expence, for the Conveniency of not yet invested in any Security; and they are also pof- Paflengets over the said River Ure, at or near the said felled of other Monies, which they call The Grand Ferry, whereby many Mischiefs will be remedied; and Fund, for the building of a Hall, and other Purposes; will be also of great Utility to the Public, and that the said^ociety have it in Contemplation to That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

pufcbafe Lands, in order to build themselves a Hall, or building a Bridge cross the River Ure, from Great convenient Place, wherein to assemble, and t ran fact their born, to Atdwork, in the County of York: And that Mr.

Business; and also Ahnshouses for the Reception of ne- Cholmley and Sir Thomas Franklanddo prepare, and bring ceffitom People; and that the said Society cannot so in, the fame, effectually carry their said Designs into Execution,

nor render their said Funds so secure and extensively A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Old Stratford useful, or otherwise prosecute the good Ends of the thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands &c* said charitable Institution, as if the same was mcor- and Grounds in the Common Fields of Stratford, Wei- Inclosure‘ porated: And therefore praying, That Leave mar tomb, and in the Parish of Old Straljord, in

be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating and the County was presented to the House,

making a Body Politic the said Society of Free and Ac- and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and cepted Masons; or that the Petitioners may have such Grounds lie open and intermixed, and are inconveniently other Aid in the Premises as to the House shall seem situated; and that it would tend to the Improvement meet. of the respective Estates of all Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- - if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore suant to the Prayer of the -laid Petition: And that Mr. ~ praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Brtckda/e, Mr. Dillon, Mr. Holt, and Mr. Batons do for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds,

prepare, and bring in, the fame. and for allotting the same amongst the Petitioners

and all others interested therein, according to their re- Bridge. Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom spective Shares and Ihterefts in the fame, under such the Petition of John Thompson, Esquire, was referred; Regulations as to the House shall seem necessary and That the Committee had examined the Matter of the expedient,

said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at Skipwith and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the the Clerk's Table 3 Where the same was read; and is as fame, followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Millti*.

Robert Stockdale, being examined, laid. That Mr. 'Tkomp* appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the son is the foie Owner and Proprietor of a Common Ferry Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Yeir 1772; for Horses, Carts, and Carriages, over the River Ure, 'That the Committee bad prepared an Estimate accord-from Great Oufebom, in the West Riding of the County ingly; which they had directed him to report to the

of York, to Atdwork, in the North Riding of the said House, and he read the Report in his Place; and af*

County, which is the nearest Communication from the terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table i Where the Town of Eafingwould, and several other Towns in the same was read; and as followeth; via.

North RidiDg to Knaresborough, Weather by, Leeds, Ou-

Vol. 33. (H ESTIMATE

Hatton's

Name.

Clareton,

&c.

Inclosure.

18’ Februarii. 1772.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1772.

Pay to 30,840 Private Men, at l s. each, 28 Days - -

D* to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s. a Day each -

D° to 1,542 Serjeants, at is. a Day each -

D* to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d.a Day each - - - , -

For additional Pay to 30,840 Private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man - - - - _ -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s.6d a Week each -

D° - - - to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each - -

D° - - - to 1,542 Corporals,.at 6 d.a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Ye^r each - - - - .

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at D° - - to each Regiment, Battalion, and independant Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d. per Month for each Private Man and Drummer -Cloathing for 30,840 Private Men, at £. 1.10s. each -

D* - - for 1,542 Serjeants, at£.3. ioj. each - -. - -

D° - - for 1,200 Drummers, at £.2 each -

For additional Pay for Cloathing 54 Serjeant Majors and 54 Drum Majors, nt£. 1 each r

Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s. 6 d. per Day, for 28 Days - -

Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including 2 Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3 6d.

each, for 28 Days - - - -:

D° - - to 435 Ensigns, at 3 s.each, for 28 Days - - - .

£ d.

43,176-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 10,950 -

6,168-----

455-----

638 15 — 1,079 8 —

3,500-----

4,000----

10,023 — — 46,260-----

5*397-----

2,400-----

108 — — 5,229-----

2,748 18 — 1,827 — —

179,766 11

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

A Bill to enable Mary and William , and the other Persons therein described, to take and use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Long, pursuant to the Will of James Long, deceased,-was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Muf-grave, Mr. Ambler, &c.: And. they are . to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Frankland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clareton with Conevjlrop, and a Piece of Waste Ground called

Shortfill, in the Manor of Allerton with Flaxby, all in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Three Messuages having Right of Common, who refused to sign the Bill; and except the Trustees of a Charity, possessed of Two such Messuages, who, not being impowered to act but at Half-yearly Meetings, could not sign the Bill, although One of them, on being applied to, expressed his Approbation of the Inclosure; and that the whole Number of Messuages entitled to Common Right are Forty-two; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-porc to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Secbnd Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That -the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Harcourt, presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of to Swift’s Den, in the Parish of Etchingham, and from Front to PoJJing-worth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Black Boys, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Clive reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the said Town and Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunder written, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared that there is no other Provision made by the said Act for raising Money for finishing the said Bridge, and carrying the said Act into Execution, than by voluntary Subscription: Then,

Ro£er

Tunbridge,

&c.

Roads.

Shrewfburj,

&c.

Bridge.

12 Geo. III. 18° Februar 487

Roger Kynaston, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Trustees for repairing and widening the said Bridge, have caused a considerable Part thereof to be rebuilt, and have nearly expended the whole Money 1'ubscribed, but that there is no Likelihood that a sufficient Sum will be raised by voluntary Subscription for completing the fame, and performing the necessary Works directed to be done by the said Act; therefore, unless some other Provision is made for raising Money, the Purposes of the said Act cannot be carried into Execution; and that the Act wants amending in several Respects.

And he further said. That there are Five different Roads which lead into the Town of which

are all repaired by particular Acts of Parliament, and that the finishing the said Bridge will be of Advantage to Travellers making use of those Roads: And,

Mr. William Jones, Clerk to the Trustees for widening and repairing the said Bridge, being examined, said. That Application had been made to the Trustees of the aforesaid Roads, and that they are willing to give up a certain Proportion of the Tolls collected thereon, to be applied towards finishing the said Bridge, provided the Terms of the said Acts are further continued.

And being asked, if the Creditors under the said Acts were contenting thereto ? he said. That the Trustees are the principal Creditors; and that no Creditor could object to it, because their Securities would be benefited by continuing the Terms of the Acts.

Mr. Kynaston, being again examined, confirmed Mr. Jones's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of; and for appropri-

ating Part of the Tolls, collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finishing the fame; and for granting additional Terms to the several Acts for repairing the said Roads: And that the Lord Clive, Mr. Hill, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

T — ebtert s A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His

C -^clnitford) Majesty’s Gaol of C in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

— =v,ftcck, . A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, ^Road and principal Inhabitants of, or residing near to, the Town of Mcretonhamjlead, in the County of Devon, usually travelling on the Highway, or Road, herein after-' mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, r That the Road leading from the Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the said County, through the said Parish, and through' the Town and Parish of and the feve-

ral Pfirifbes of Bridford, North Bovey, combe,. Lydford, and Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County, to a Place in the said Forest called Cherry Brook (being in Length about Fifteen Miles) in the Road to Tavistock, is lo very narrow, deep, founderous,.'ruinous, in Decay, and incommodious, that the same is, for the greater Part of the Year, in a Manner impaftable, and cannot be amended, widened, rendered commodious, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Highway, or Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 33.

And it is referred to Mr. Duntze, Mr. Rigby, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Fujcham mon Fields, Half-year Inclosures, and Commons and nc 0lut*’ Waste Lands, within the Parish of Fincham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. De Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Vaiifiltart reported from the Committee, to whom MaidenVad the Petition of the Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Buigeftes, ®,ld8e* of the Town of Maydenheth otherwise Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Taylor, Esquire, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That he had lately surveyed the Bridge at Maidenhead-, that it is a narrow wooden Strudture, very old and lo much decayed, as to be unsafe for the Passage of heavy Carriages; that it would be a great Convenience to the Public, and of general Utility, if a Stone Bridge of a proper Width was built there: And he produced a Plan of a Bridge, the Expence of building which, he informed the Committee, would amount to £. i6,oco or thereabouts. And,

Mr. James Payne, Toy/n Clerk of Maidenhead, being examined, said, That the present Bridge is the Property of the said Corporation, who are authorized by their Charter to take certain Tolls therein mentioned, for the Passage of Cattle, Carriages, and Goods; a List of which he produced, and also a List of those now taken — And the Witness said, The Bridge stands in the High Road to Bath, and the average Income of the Tolls taken at it is £. 70 per Annum, which is not near sufficient to defray the Expence of building a new Bridge.

Mr. John Gould, being examined, said, That the Tolls now taken are not sufficient to keep the present Bridge in Repair, and that it will very soon become impal-fable.

Mr. Richard Lovegrove, being examined, said, That the Bridge is so narrow', that Carriages meeting on it are obliged to draw back, to the great Danger and Inconvenience of all Persons travelling that Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks: And that Mr. Vanjittart and Admiral Craven do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Serjeant Glynn reported from the Committee, to Whitechapel whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vef- Highway*, trymen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon otherwise Whitechapel, and also, of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabitants,' of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committed had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directedihim to report the fame, as jt appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place,: antLafterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: ’Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. - "

To/prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, niade in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for

' erecting

Marine

Forces.

18° Februarii.

A. 1772.

trefting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, within the County of was

read; by which it is enacted, That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John of flapping, shall be subject to such Payments for the Repair of the Highways of the said Parish of Saint Mary as they should

or might have been before the making of the said Act; and that the Parish of Saint John of Wtipping should have referred to them their Share of all public Chari* ties given to the said Parish of Saint Mary Whittchapel, in the same Proportion as the Inhabitants of Wrapping did then bear to the Charge of the Repairs of -thapel Highways, and that the Minister, Churchwardens, and Oveneers of the Poor, of Saint John of,

shall be called to, and have Ppwer with, the Minister and Officers of the said Parish of Saint Mary -chapel, in the settling and adjusting of all Rates and Taxes, and chusing Surveyors for the Repairs of the Highways, and the Accounts touching the fame: And,

Mr. Robert Tedman, Vestry Clerk of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, Mr. William Brackjion, and Mr. John Lover ley, being examined, said. That it would be for the mutual Eale and Advantage of both the said Parishes, if the said Provisions were repealed; and that the inhabitants of both the said Parishes are desirous of it.

Then an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes then in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Pub* Jic Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read: And,

Mr. John Coverley, being examined, said. That the

Provisions of the said Act have been found very inconvenient to the said Parishe^ the Highways within the Parish of Whitechapel being very inconsiderable, except such Part as is repaired under an Act of Parliament, of the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Highways from Whitechapel Church in the County of Mid to Woodford in the County of Essex-, for which the said Parishes pay a Composition of £. 30 a Year in lieu of Statute Labour on the said Road; and that there are no Highways within the said Parish of Saint John Wapping, and it would be a Benefit to the said Parishes, if they were exempted from the Provisions of the said Act.

And it appeared by another Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, that the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary are empowered to raise Fourteen Pence in the Pound in any One Year, for clcfjtfng and lighting the said Parish, and keeping a igr» Watch therein: And,

>John Coverley, being again examined, said. That if a small Addition was made to that Rate, the Parishioners would be thereby enabled to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for repairing the Highways within the said Parish, in a Way more equitable and less burthensome than is practicable under the present Laws: And he added. That further Powers are necessary to compel the Payment of the said Rate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing certain Provisions in Two Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Highways in the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; and for raising Money for repairing the said Highways: And that'Mr. Serjeant Glynn and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ooe; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read, for the Monnouh Attendance of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, Mr. Wf"-Harmood, Messenger attending the Great Seal, and Mr.

Samuel Long;

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending accordingly, with the last Writ and Return of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County of

Monmouth;

The said Writ and Return were read.

And the said Mr. Harmood, and Samuel Long, being severally called in, were, at the Bar, examined, touching the Delay in the Execution of the said Writ.

And then they were severally directed to withdraw.

And the said Samuel Long having, in his Examination, informed the House, that the said Writ had been taken from him by Valentine Morris, Esquire, before he could deliver it to the Sheriff of the said County; and it appearing, by the Receipt of the Sheriff endorsed upon the Writ, that the said Writ, though issued on the 4th Day of June, was not delivered to him till the 2ift Day of June.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Valentine Morris, Esquire, do attend this House upon Friday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant February, to give an Account to the House, of his having taken the Writ for the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, from the Messenger who was lent down to deliver the said Writ to the Sheriff;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof the Words " and of the Delay in the Execution of the said Writ."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That Valentine Morris, Esquire, do attend this House upon Friday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant February, to give an Account to the House, of his having taken the Writ for the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, from the Messenger who was sent down to deliver the said Writ to the Sheriff, and of the Delay in the Execution of the said Writ.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House at the feme Time, with the last Writ and Return of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Harmood, Messenger attending the Great Seal, do attend this House at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Long do attend this House at the feme Time,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which, they

S

13

Geo. III. ip

Mercurii, 19* Februarii 5 Anno x 20 Georgii III'" Regis, 177a.

Februarii. 489

Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Commonable Places, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. /I'mcons and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Praters.

bfwer Ti /TR- Treasurct of tile Houshold repotted to the Addrefir. JLVjL House, that their Address of Monday the ioth Day of this Instant February (to express the just and deep Concern of this House, at the great Loss which H is Majesty has sustained by the Death of the Princess Dowager of Wales, and to condole with His Majesty on this melancholy Occasion; and to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons most sincerely interest themselves in every Event that so nearly affects Him; and will, as far as in them besj with the warmest Gratitude, and most affectionate Attachment to His Royal Person, endeavour to alleviate every Care that may disturb His domestic Happiness) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer.

That He returns His hearty Thanks to this House for their Address:

That His' Majesty is sensibly touched by the very kind and affectionate Part this House takes in His Concern for the great Loss He has suffered in His Family; and that His Majesty receives much real Comfort and Satisfaction, from this fresh and convincing Proof of the Zeal and Attachment of His faithful Commons.

[omnouth Ordered, That a Copy of the Minutes of the Evi-

Writ. dence given Yesterday, at the Bar of this House, by Mr. Harmood, Messenger attending the Great Seal, and Mr. Samuel Long, be sent to Valentine Morris, Esquire.

A Petition of Jaques Louis PcurtaUs was presented to Pourtales’s the House? and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nat given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Barrozv and Mr. Page do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners of Lands and Tc- Carlton Moor nements within the Manor and Township of Carlton, in Inclosure. the Parish of Guiseley, and West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor and Township, there is a Moor, called Carletvn Moor, or Common, containing 600 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners and others have Right of Common, and an Open and Unin* close Arable Field, commonly called The Town Field, containing 22 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Moor and Open Field, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but, if inclosed and divided, would be of more equal and general Advantage to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moor and Open Field, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ridley, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir George Savile, Mr. Laf-celles, and Sir Matthew White Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. frowning:

Mr. Speaker,

Wcount The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Ligonier’s difiolve the Marriage of the Right honourable Edward Divorce. VifCount Ligonier with Penelope Pitt; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Land Tax. An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

LowToynton A Petition of Laticelot Rolleston, Esquire, and Joseph Inclosure. Brackenbury, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of LowToynton, in the County of Lincoln, Owners of almost all the Lands and Common Right, and all the Tithes, both Great and Small, within the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish, Lordship, or Liberties, of Low Toyman aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Proprietors in the said Open Fields lie intermixed and difperied, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares ‘allotted to the Persons interested, it would be a great

You 33.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vifcoont to dissolve the Marriage of the Right honourable Ed- *

ward Viscount Ligonier with Penelope j and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cholmley presented to the House, according to Ure Bridge. Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Ure, from Great Oufeborn, to Aldivork, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Rejbhed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, from the ioth Day of Otlob 1771, to the 5th. Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

S.J Sic

49° 190 Februa j4. 177

Sir Charles Whitworthalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Game. The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act: And that Captain Phipps, Mr.

Cholmley, Mr. Heyzvood, and Sir Charles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r

Norwich Sir EJivard AJlley presented to the House, according to to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Bridge an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the ' City of Norwich, to Stole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Marioe An ingrafted Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s

Force*. Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wooley A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and

lodofore. Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wooley, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Hinchingbrook, Admiral &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Turnpike Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

Road*, who are appointed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 7th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Breadth of the Wheels of Carriages used upon Turnpike Roads, and to the Number of Horles allowed to be used therewith, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; that they do also consider of so much of the said Act, as relates to Carriages drawn by Oxen or other Beasts of Draught; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it. be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do also consider of so much of another Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to Carriages drawn on the said Public Highways by Horles and other Beasts of Draught; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Carter*. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Carnage*, the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, loaded

(Scotland.) Horses, Pedlars, Tinkers, and Petty Chapmen; and for filling up or inclosing Coal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstruct ions and Nuisances within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Sir

Alexander Gilmour, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr.

Thomas Dundas, and Sir George Suttie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1771 to the 24th of June 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1771 to the 24th of June 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1771 to the 24th of June 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary} and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum. priti<h

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- Mufeu®. quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then

RI___ — - obcombe

^orner,

&c.

~Roads.

Richmond

Bridge.

12 Ge6. III. 190 Februarii. 491

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners represented to Parliament, That the Sum allowed for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of £. 30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £. 900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representation, they obtained a Grant of a further Sum of £. 2,000; and, upon like Applications, in the Fourth, Sixth, Eighth, and Tenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, the said Trustees obtained Grants of the further Sum of £. 2,coo each of the said Years for the same Purpose; which Sums, together with the Produce of the said £. 30,000 are so far spent, that what remains i* not more than sufficient to defray the Expences of the present Year: And therefore praying the House, to grant them such further Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe , in the Parish of Winterjlow, to Harnkam , in the County of Wilts; and from the West Corner of Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ozver and to Ealing

aforesaid, in the County of Southampton-, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Rumsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhurst-, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing the Footways within the said City; which Bill was upon Monday last read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-lent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of William Windham, Esquire.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is entitled to the Profits of a Passage over the River Thames, called Richmond Feiry, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Surrey-, and that, if a commodious Bridge was built across the said River, between Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and Twickenham, in the County of it would be greatly for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Counties; which the Petitioner is desirous to do; but, being only Lessee of the said Ferry for a Term of Years, he is unwilling to carry this Work into Execution, unless he can procure the said Ferry to be tested in him in Fee, for which he is willing to pay an adequate Compensation; and that, in order to make tie laid Bridge commodious for Passengers, it will be

VOL. 33.

necessary to open new Avenues to and from the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Burrell, Lord No'-th, &c. r And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. *

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Samuel Jequier; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of North Crawley, in the County of Bucks; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That General Grame have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year. of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen’s , to the Town of Dumfermline, and

and also the Road firom the said Queen’s Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and Kirkcaldie, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made a considerable Progress in the repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and the Money now due and owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof are altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Gneme, Sir Gilmour, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jcqoier,i

Nat.

North

Crawley

Inclosure.

Queen's

Ferry,

&c.

Roads.

Warwick

Common

Inclosure,

Man ton Inclosure.

Smith’s

fcflate.

49 3

Jovis, 20* die;

Anno i2# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772. Praters.

NOTICE being taken, That the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Saint in the Manor of

Warwickr, in the County of Warwwhich was presented

to the House upon Tuesday last, and then read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, contains Provisions not authorized by the Order for preparing and bringing in the fame, nor included in the Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl , of Warwick Castle, and Earl of Warwick, Lord of the Manor

of Warwick, and of the Reverend Henry Clerk,

James Money, John Webb, and others, Proprietors of divers Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Right of Common, in the (|aid Open and Common Fields and Common or Commonable Places, which was presented to the House upon the 11 th Day of this Instar.c February;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, ^vithin the Parish of Manton, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord George Germain, the Right honourable George Onslow, Sir Francis Vincent, Baronet, Peter Burrell, Esquire, George Wood-rosse, Esquire, Abraham Tucker, Esquire, George Hozvard, Esquire, and George Onslow, of Ockham, Esquire, in Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees of the Estates of Henry Smith, Esquire, deceased, and of Richard Webb, Bridget Webb, Elizabeth Burton, Joseph Alleyn, and others, the poor Kindred of the said Henry Smith, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Henry Smith, late of London, Esquire, deceased, did, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 24th Day of 1627, give and bequeath, for the Use of poor Captives, being Slaves under the TurkijkPirates, the Sum of £.1,000 to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands of the yearly Value of £. 60 at the lead; and also i,coo to the Use of the poorest of his Kindred therein described, to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, in like Manner, and to be yearly paid to them in Manner therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners are feil'ed of divers Freehold Messuages, Farms, and Lands, situate at Ken/tnglon, in the County of Middlesex, now lett at the yearly Rent of £. 151; out the Rents of which, the Trustees for the Time being did, for several Years, apply the Sum of £. 60 Annually, or so much thereof as was from Time to Time required, towards the Redemption of such poor Captives; but that, the same having been more than equal to the Claims made, there have been considerable Savings thereout, which have been from Time to Time laid out in the Public Funds; and that no Claim of any Part of the said Money has been made on Behalf of any Persons described in the said Will, as being Captives under Tnrkish Pirates, since the Year

177$*

1723; and that £. 8,630, Old South Sea Annuities has been transferred into the Names of the Petitioners Sir Francis Vincent and George Onslow, together with Sir John Evelyn, Baronet, since deceased, and is now Handing in the Names of the said Sir Francis Vincent, and George O Jloiv, as Survivors; £. 7,530 whereof, is the Produce or the Savings of the said £.60 per Annum, so directed to be applied for the Redemption of Captives, and of the Dividends thereof, which have also been from Time to Time laid out in the Purchase of Old South Sea Annuities; and since the Decease of the said Sir John Evelyn, the further Sum of £.1,628. 15 4 has been purchased therein, with the Produce of the said £. 60 per Annum, and the Dividends of the said Stock, which has been transferred to, and is now Handing in the Names of, the said Sir Francis Vincent and George and

that the Trustees for the Time being have Annually divided amongst the poor Kindred of the said Henry Smith, the Sum of £. 60 out of the Rents of the said Estate; so that the Share given to each is but very small, and most of them are very poor and greatly distressed, and many of them old and unable to work; and that, if the Dividends of the said Two Sums of 7,530 and £. 1,628. 13 s. 4 d.were to be Annually divided amongst them, together with the said £. 60 per Annum out of the Renrs of the said Estate at until some

proper Application shall be made to the Trustees on Behalf of such Captives as are described in the Will of the said Henry Smith, the same would alibi'd a comfortable Subsistence to the said poor Kindred; and that the said Estate at Kenjingiou might be considerably improved, if the Trustees were enabled to grant building Leases thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for empowering the Petitioners, the Trustees, to apply the Interest and Dividends of the said Capital Sums of £.7,530 and £.1,628. 15.t. 4^ towards the Relief and Support of the poor Kindred of the said Henry Smith, and to apply the Surplus of the Rents of the said Estate to the same Uses, at all fuel* Times as the same shall not be required by some Person or Persons answering the said Description of Captives taken by Turkish Pirates, mentioned in the Will of the said Henry Smith, and to enable the Petitioners, the Trustees, to grant Building Leases of the said Estate at Kensington.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Hozvard, Sir Francis Vincent, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Skynner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Handborough, in the County of Oxjord: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clareton with Coneyjlrop, and a Piece of Waste, Ground called Shortjill, in the Manor of A lie) ton all

in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of ton with Coneyjlrop, and a Piece of Waste Ground called Shortjill, in the Manor of Allertowith Flaxby, all in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

A Petr-

20° Febru*

tfindborough

Indoiurt.

CU retOfU &c. Incloscie.

I 2 GeO. III.

2o° Februa

Surrey A Petition of several Justices of the Peace for the _H°ufe of County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; George’s Setting forth. That the Prison called the House of Fields.) reBion, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, is too small, unhealthy, inconvenient, and unsafe; and it has, by Enquiry, been found absolutely necessary to rebuild the same in a more convenient Situation; and that the County of Surrey are possessed of an Acre of Ground in Saint George's Fields, called Lion or Hangman's Acre; and Oliver Baron, Esquire, is possessed of another Acre of Ground, adjoining to the fame, called Saint John's Acre -, which Two Pieces of Ground are very commodious for erecting the said intended House of Correction; and that the said Oliver Baron is willing to accommodate the Petitioners with such Part of his Lands as is necessary to carry the said Scheme into Execution; but, as the Owners of Lands in the said Fields have a Right of Common for their Cattle at certain Tunes of the Year upon the said Two Acres promiscuously with other Lands (though such Right is of no real Value with respect to the said Two Acres) the Petitioners cannot carry such their Design into Execution, unless such Right (halt be exfmguished as far as regards the said Two Acres of Ground: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to carry the said Design into Execution, with such Powers, Provisoes, and Restrictions, as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Howard, tec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

North The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Crawley Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, lndofure. for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of North Crawley, in the County of Bucks.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol- lowethj viz.

Pr. i. 1. 7. Leave out "Paramount."

1. 9,1 Leave out " of Three distinct" and 10.) insert " or Owner of certain Fees, " Seigniories, or."

Pr. 5. 1. 8. After say," insert " the Allotment to be made to the said " Earl of Exeter, shall

" consist of Two Acres, more or "Mel's, of Pasture Land, hereto-

" fore in the Possession of Henry .* " Sibthorpe, and of a Piece of

" Waste Land called Hurst Green

" or Brook End, lying near to the " said Pasture Land, containing, " by Estimation, Eight Acres, pr " thereabouts, together with. the " Hedges and Trees (landing " and growing upon the same " Land."

Pr. 15. I.34. After " fame," insert " Provided " always. That all Trees, Under\yoodsy Thorns, fledges, Bullies, " and Shrubs, (landing and grow- "ing in and upon the Waste ;1Lands or Grounds, belonging to _ r" the said Manor of

" shall apd'may be cut down and . , \ " taken away- by rthe said Earl or -; " his. Agents, or fold and dif-

" posed-of. in; such Mapner as he ' " or they Qiall think fit."

Vol. 33.

Pr. 36. 1. 11. Leave out " Paramount."

1. 14. Leave out " of the said Three dia " ftindt;" and insert " or Owner of " the said Fees, Seigniories, or."

1. 16. Leave out from " the" to " but," in 1. 18, and insert "Rents, Dues,

" Duties, or Services, to them respectively belonging." i. 22. After " them" insert "-respectively,"

1. 25. After " Rents," insert " Dues, Diities."

]. 27, Leave out " the said Manors; inci-28.3 " dent, appendant," and insert

" them respectively."

1.29. Lcaveout " or appertaining."

I.31,) Lcaveout " can or may be," and in-32./ fert " could, or might have been," and leave out from " by " to * respectively " in 1. 34, and insert " them."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath 3greed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Downham Merchants, Traders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, Mar*cet» who live near the Highways and Roads leading from R&cj the East End of the Bridge across the River Otcze, in - Downham, Market, in the County of to" and

through the several Parishes and Hamlets herein after mentioned, in the said County, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read-;

Setting forth. That the Road leading from fcf\e East End of the said Bridge, to the House in the Occupation of Thomas Noak, in Downham Market, now called the Queen's Head, and from the Chequer Inn in Downham Market. towards Swaffham, through the several Parishes of Bexwell, Crimplesham, Stradfet, Ftncham,

and Barton, to the Fad End of the Bounds of the said

Parishes of Shouldham and Barton, near a. Close there, called The Two Mile Close, and towards ,in the said County, unto a Place, called Devil's Ditch, are in a very7 ruinous Condition, and dangerous to Passengers; and that, if the said Roads were repaired and widened, and kept in good Repair, it would be very advantageous to Travellers, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying,;That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill *for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-- mine the Matter thereof;, and report the lame, as jt shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. DeGrey, Sir Edward AJl-ley,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according to BrrfUeet . Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road, from m

Berjlreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckets- ' '

ham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was re- Road. (ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rqad a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Andrezv Lord Kingjncnon [Archer, Lord of the Manor of in the tnilosure-

County of Worccfer, and the humble Petition of the Dean and Chapter of Worcester, and of Taylor,

' Esquire, John Ruffdl, Thomas Russell, Humphry Lyttelton,' and William Guejl, Gentlemen> and of the several ' ‘ ’ 6 K other

494 20° Februarii. , 1773.

other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish of Kingsnorton, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Commons and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, within the said Manor, have respectively Right of Common; and that the said Lands, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted amongst the Petitioners and others interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Waste Grounds, Commons, and Commonable Places, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuaat to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdejwell and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Barrtm presented to the House, according to

*' Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jaques Lewis:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

T^w°n A Petition of Thomas and Richard Sell,

Inclosure. jrfquires, and the Reverend Thompson, Clerk, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of divers ancient Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, within the Township of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are capable of Tery little Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and indpfed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Persons interested therein, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall i'eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Daniel Lafcclles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Solihull, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold-Roadi. ers> 1,v‘nS and residing in the several Towns, or on or near the ancient Road leading from Birmingham, through Solihull, in the County of Warwick, to Kenilworth, and from a certain Place called Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton-in-arden, in the said County, to Balfall -mon, there to unite to the said Road leading from or near Solihull to Kenilworth aforesaid, and from the South End of Kenilworth Town, by Chesford Bridge, through the several Towns or Parishes of and Offchurch,

to Southam, and from Chesford Bridge aforesaid, to Le-mington Priors, in the said County or Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, with several others residing in or near the Towns lying on each Side the said Roads, have usually been supplied with Coals from Staffordshire,

" through the Town of Birm, along the said Roads, and a vast Quantity have been drawn through Kenilworth in a Year, for the Supply of several Towns lying in the Counties of Northampton, Oxm, and Warwick, which now, on account of the ruinous Condition of the Taid Roads, cannot be had but a few Months in the Year,

: ‘ 4

which happen«t {hat-particular Time when People are busy in their Harvest, and, if deprived of that Opportunity, are obliged to go many Miles about, and pay Tolls at other Gates, with little or no Benefit to their Roads, and which' has very oonfiderably advanced the Price of that Commodity; and that many of them lie under the Inconveniency of paying to Roads, little Part of which they make Use of in carrying their Corn to Market, which is not so advantageous as this will be to thetn-selves and others; and that Carriage to and from London is much dearer than at those Towns that lie on the Turnpike Roads; and that the Materials for mending the said Roads, do lie very convenient for the Repairs thereof, in most of the Parishes through which the said Roads do lead: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Warwick Road, near Solihull aforesaid, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading towards Warwick, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, there to unite to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Coventry to Warwick aforesaid, and from State Bridge aforesaid, through the Hamlet of , in

the said County of Warwick, to uni.e to the said Road leading from near Solihull, to Kenilworth, on Balfall Common, and from the South End of Kenilworth Town aforesaid, by Chesford Bridge, through the several Towns or Parishes of Cnbbington and Offchurch, to Southam, and from Chesford Bridge aforesaid, to Lemmgtwi Priors aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cor>-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Skipwit Mr. Hujfey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gefttlemen, Merchants, Manu- Birmingham facturers, Traders, and others, of the Town of Rirming- Chorek*. ham, in the County of Warwick, was presented so the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trades and Manufactures carried on in the said Town have been Of late Years so much improved, that the Inhabitants arc greatly increased; and that there are but Two Churches and One small Chapel in the said Town, which not being sufficient to hold One Sixth Part of the Inhabitants, many of them are prevented from attending Divine Service; and that the Petitioners are desirous of having One or more Church or Churches built and provided for in the said Town, with proper Cemeteries or Burial Places thereto, and reasonable Stipends for the Ministers officiating therein t And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, subject to such Rules and Conditions, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and' report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Skipwith, Lord &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of fuhdry of the Freeholders, and Inhabi- Sepulchre tants of that Part of the Parish of Sepulchre, which is (Middlesex) in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, l’ow-and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which lieth in the County of Middlesex, are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a very great Expence; and that the giving proper Bowers, for better governing, regulating, employing, and maintaining, the said Poor, would be a Means of their being more effectually relieved and provided fori and be a great East and Convenience to the

Parishioners;

i^ GEo. Ill* $<? FebtUarii', 405

Parishioners; and that the SquftMs, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards j and Open Passages and Places, within that Part of the said Parish, are not properly paved, nor sufficientlf clean fed, lighted, or watched) and several of the Houses in some of the said Streets ate frequently annoyed by Water, for want of proper Sewers or Drains; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety, Preservation, and Benefit, of the Inhabitants thereof, and &U other Persons resorting thereto, if the -fame wifre properly paved, cleansed, drained, and lighted, and the Obstructions and Annoyances therein removed,-and an able Watch kept therein in the Nighttime,) and that the Passage leading from Charter-house Square to Saint John's , known by the Name of

Ckarter-house Lane, is very narrow and incommodious to Passengers; and the widening thereof, or widening Phrt of the fc’d Lane, and making a new Opening from other Part thereof into Saint John's , would be a great Advantage thereto, and to all Persons pading through the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof) and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,) and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Watford a Petition of the Right honourable Anne Holies Earl Of Essex, in Behalf of himself and the Right honourable Yard. George Cape/l, commonly caHed Lord Viscount Malden,

his eklcft Scar and Heir Apparent, now a Minor; and also, the humble Petition of Edward Woodcock, Doctor of Laws, Vicar, John Drummer, John Hawthorne, West on Eve, Henry Lovett, and Henry Churchwardens,

and of John Euckmaster, John Ashby, James White, and James Hill, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants and Land Owners, of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford, on the Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants and Land Owners of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Church Yard of the said Parish is too small for the Interment of the Dead; and it appearing that Part of the most commodious and contiguous Piece of Ground, which could be made Ul'e of for the Enlargement thereof, was limited to, and settled in ftrkft Settlement on, the Petitioner the Earl of EJf'ex and his Family, and that other Part thereof belonged to a small Court, or Alms Yard, which, together with certain Alow Houses, were long line© settled, by the Ancestors of the said Harl, to charitable Uses, it was agreed, that Application should be made to Parliament, with the consent of the said Earl, for enlarging the preterit Church Yard, and for making a new - Road, instead of the present Road, propoted to be inclosed as Part of such Enlargement, and for mclcfing a small Piece of the present Road, for the Use, and upon the Consideration, in the Petition mentioned (both which the Petitioner the said Earl, on Behalf of himself and his Family, is consenting to wave) and for raising the Money necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and for making a competent Satisfaction to the Persons appointed to, and redding . in, the said Alms Houses, Yearly, forever, out of the Poors Rates of the said Parish, or otherwise, as to the Legislature shall seem meet, for such Part of the said Court or Alms Yard as is proposed to be inclosed; and that, by the great Increase of the Poor of the said Parish, the present Workhouse is become insufficient to contain them; it has therefore been found necessary, that an additional Building should be made to the prc- sent Worklioule; but that, the said Parish being chiefly Vox.. 33.

inhabited by Tenants at Rack Rente, arid burthened with a numerous Poor, it is conceived that the ordinary Method of Parochial Levies will be infuffleient to raise a Sutft for defraying the Expences attending /those feteral salutary Purposes, without being very burthensome to the present Occupiers of Lands and Houses in the said Parish; and, to alleviate that Burthen, the Petitioners are willing and desirous, that a reasonable Part of the Expences should be raised by granting Annuities, to be paid out of the Parochial Rates or Levies of the said Parish; and that the Owners of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, for the Time being, shall bear Two-third Parts of the Expences and Levies attending the several Matters aforesaid, and the Tenants thereof the remaining Third; or that the said Expences shall be provided for,' in such other Manner, and in such Proportions, as shall seem just: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to enlarge the Cemetery, or Church Yard, of the Parish of Watford, and to make an additional Building for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and for other Purposes, to be therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Halsey, Etc.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, anil Records.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Little Order, a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Kington Open and Common Fields, and Common or Common- Comjrooke able Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Com- nc 0 ure’ mon or Waste Lands, of and within the Manor of Little Kington Combrooke, and Brookehampton, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, ac- Bedford cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, Level. and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators Corporation of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to borrow upon Bonds further Money, upon Account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for establishing a further certain Fund, for Paypient of the Bonds of the said Corporation out of the said Middle and South Levels: And the Guns was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Haddcnhatn to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting Le»el in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thir- DMinage* teenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level, in the Isle of Ely, and of several other Owners and Occupiers of Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said Level, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Robert Reade, Clerk to the said Cotr.mfffioners, being examined, said. That they have from Time to Time assessed and rated the Lands and Grounds mentioned in the said Act, and erected Engines and made vOther Works for draining the fame, from which the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands have found -

great

4$><S

10" Februarii.

A- i 7?2-

Eeat Benefit; but the said Engines and Works from ength of Time and Accidents, are become so ruinous and decayed, that the present Tax of One Shilling an Acre has been, for some Years pad, found insufficient for that Purpose; and that the Commissioners have been obliged to contract several Debts, amounting to Sixteen hundred Pounds and upwards, which remain unpaid, and cannot be discharged, and the Works for draining maintained, unless a further Tax be laid on the said Lands j and that some further Powers are necessary for the effectual draining and preserving the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an A#, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Haddcnham Level, in the Isle of Ely: And that Sir John tlynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, Mr. Jenyns, and Mr. Yoke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

and A Petition of Sir William Milner, Baronet, Richard Riverl Wilson, Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, Jeremiah

Di xon, Esquire, and others, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, as well on Behalf of themselves, as of the rest of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That ah A# passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for making and keeping Navigable the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York; and that the several Works executed under the Authority of the said A# have proved very beneficial; and that, since the passing of the said A#, the Trade and Commerce in the Neighbourhood of the said Rivers have been increased, and great Numbers of Vessels employed, and that Complaints have been made to the Petitioners, that Vessels navigating on the said Rivers have, of late, not only been longer on their Passage than heretofore, but Embezzlements more frequent; and that the Petitioners find the Inconveniences complained of to be occasioned by Shoals, Obstructions, and other Causes, in different Parts of the said Rivers, as well within as below the Limits of the Navigation prescribed by the present Act; and that, by the Removal of such Obstructions, the said Navigation will be greatly improved, and the Defects and Inconveniences complained of remedied, the Freight of Goods lowered, and Vessels enabled to carry larger Burthens, and perform their Passage with greater Dispatch, Safety, and Certainty; and the Petitioners are desirous at their own Costs, and without any additional Tollt or Duties, to extend and make Improvements in thfe said Navigation; but a Doubt hath arilen, how far the Petitioners are enabled, under the Powers of the said Act, toremove such of the said Obstructions as are within the Limits of the said Navigation, whereof the Petitioners are Undertakers as aforesaid, or make necessary Cuts to pals by the lame; and as other of the said Obstructions are in the River of Air, between and the

River of Ouze, out of the present Limits of the said Navigation; Therefore praying, That 'Leave may be given to biing in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to extend and make all necessary Improvements in the Navigation of the said Rivers, under such Regulations and Reflridions as to the House shall seem meet. 1 Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cor.sideration of a Committee: And that they'do exa-' mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Laf-‘(dies, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, ‘and' Records.

iirinth Ordered, That the Trustees. of the Museum

Museum. j0 , before, this House, an Account of the Money

granted by Parliament, for the Use of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the- whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to feport to the House; which he read in his Place, and 'afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follnweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and' applied the Sum of Fifty-five thousand One hundred Ninety-two Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Exchequer, on the Fifrh Day of" January lafi, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies; and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed.to by tire House. ' ‘

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

.That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety-tour ;thousand Seven hundred anil Twenty-five Pounds Seven--teen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One [thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opiii< n of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thice hundred Seventy-five thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds, be granted to His Majesty,. towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other, Extra Works, over and above what are proposed.to.be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Three*hundred Forty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to , His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year Ooe thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sym, pot exceeding'Three thousand One hundred and Eighty six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of and

other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the . 24th of June 1771 to the.24th of 1772.;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Etla-blishment of His Majesty’s Colony of and

other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th ofstine 1771 to the 24th of June 1772.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand: Six hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil

Establishment

Navy

Efttmate.

Seamen.

Message from His Majesty.

t2 Geo. III. 20* — 2i°

Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1771 to the 24th of 1772.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three bun* dred and Thirty-six Pounds and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of on that

tart of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallet, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge* for the Year

1772- .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Eighty-five Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1772.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the probable Expence of His Majesty’s Navy for the present Year, distinguished under proper Heads, upon the Services voted by this House; shewing also how far the said Expence may probably exceed, or fall short of, the Sums already voted for those

Services.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 17 70 to the 31st ot December 1771, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines; and what Number of each were borne, and what mustered, in the Service.

The L,ord North acquainted the House, that he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House, and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGER.

His Majesty, being desirous, from paternal Affection to His own Family, and anxious Concern for the future Welfare of His People, and the Honour and Dignity of His Crown, that the Right of approving all Marriages in the Royal Family (which ever has belonged to the Kings of this Realm, as a Matter of public Concern-) may be made effectual, recommends to both Houses of Parliament, to take into their serious Consideration whether it may not be wife and expedient to supply the Defect of the Laws now in being, and, by (ome new Provision, more effectually to guard the Descendants of his late Majesty King George the Second (other than the Issue of Princesses who have married, or may hereafter marry', into Foreign Families) from marrying without the Approbation of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, first had and obtained.

G. R.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Message;

To allure His Majesty', that His faithful Commons, impressed with a just Sense, as well of His Majesty’s paternal Affection to His Family, as His anxious Concern for the future Welfare of His People, and the Honour and Dignity of His Crown, will not fail to take His Majesty’s Message into their most serious Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Voi,. 33.

Februarii. 497

Ordered, That His Majesty *s most gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris* 21* die Februarii

Anno 12" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

A BILL for repairing and widening the Road, from Carlisle, Raffles, near the City of Carhfle, to Wigton, and from thence to the South End of H and also *0*<1*, the Road from Wigton to Abbey Holm, and from Wigton* to Chalkbeck, in the County of Cumberland, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fletcher,

Sir "James Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Matters, Fellows, and s*Noots, Scholars, of the University', and of several of the Gentle* See. men and other Inhabitants of the Town, of Cambridge, *d* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for repairing and widening the Road from Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Town of Cambridge; and that a certain Lane, called Bell Lane, in the said Town, is very ruinous, and in many Places narrow and dangerous j and that, if the first-mentioned Road was extended to the End of the said Lane, abutting upon the Pavement in the High Street, leading from the Castle to the Bridge, in the said Town, it would be a great Advantage to the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying, That the said Lane may be repaired and widened, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred, to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in or near to the Parishes thereinafter mentioned, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition j and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Old Street Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninlh Years Roid. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- Rulhton mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Ru/hton Janie* fames, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford, Inc, ofuf«-was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John IVrottefley, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintain- Great ing, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more na- H*ven* vigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; was read a Second Time.

6 L Resolved,

StudHarft

Turves.

Bd&Wleigh, *c. Road.

Answer \o Address.

Port Glasgow Haibtur.

t

21* Febrmrii.

A. i 772.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles

Townshend, Mr. Walpole, See.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to restrain the Lord of the Manor of Sand-fiitrjl, in the County of Barks, for the Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the said Manor* except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, Annually, upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refohed , That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Skynner, Sec.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Penruddock presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the End of the present Turnpike Road, from BeJJe/JIeigk to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford otherwise SoiJIy Water, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (to return His Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for His moil; gracious Message: To allure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons, imprefi'ed with ajuftSenfe, as well of His Majesty’s paternal Affection to His Family, as His anxious Concern for the future Welfare of His People, and the Honour and Dignity of His Crown, will not fail to take His Majesty’s Message into their most serious Considerat'on) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had been pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glqfgozv, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition s and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Co'vill, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Harbour of Port Glasgow, in the County of Renfrew, has of late Years been greatly obstructed, and filled up by the Flux and Reflux of the Tide and other Causes, whereby Vessels of Burthen are hindered from getting to the Piers and Quays of the said Harbour, and are thereby expo fed to many Inconveniences and Dangers: That the Trade of the said City is so much increased, and the Dimensions as well as Number of the Vessels trading to and from the said Port, are so much larger than formerly they were, that it would be much to the Benefit of the said City, and of Public Utility, if the said Harbour was projierly deepened, cleanled, maintained, and regulated, and some additional Piers, Breads, Jettees, and Quays, were built for the unloading of Ships and Vessels retorting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for deepening, cleansing, fcowering, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port Glasgow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breads, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; And that Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Edmonftbue, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. M'-Dtywall, do prepare, and bring in, the lam«.-

Mr. Edmonjlohe reported frdrrt the Committee; to GWgow,

whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of the p*c^ Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and other Heretors, within the Counties of Dumbarton, Lanark,' and Ren*-frew, in North Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Twd Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twenty-sixth, and the other in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, were read.

Mr. Edward Browne, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the City of G/afgovj, to the Town of Dumbarton (One of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts) is dill in a ruinous Condition in many Places, and that the same cannot lx* effectually repaired during the subsisting Term of the said Acts.

That he apprehends, if that Part of the Roads was made a separate and dillindl District, it would greatly facilitate the repairing thereof.

And that the said Act wants amending in many Re-spedts, particularly in relation to the Performance of Statute Labour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 27th Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of G/a/gcw, as relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton: And that Mr. Edmonfl and Lord Frederick Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Epwrll Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, < f in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wenman, Lord Charles Spencer, See. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, B'eartw or Commons, called Rigg Moor, and BreartonMoor, within Incbfwe. the Manor of Brcarton, in the Parish of Knaresborough, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Crickhowdl, holders, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are there- &c. unto subscribed, and residing in or near the several Roadi. Roads following, that is to say, the Road leading from the Town of Crickhowdl, in the County of by

Llanvihangell Crucorney, The Graige, alias Upper Blane Hyman, over Skenfreth Bridge, Broad Oak Green, and to the Cross Hands beyond the New Inn, in the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford to the To An of Ross, in the County of Hereford; the Road leading from the Monmouth Turnpike Road, from a Place called the Lower Cross Way, in the Parish of Saint,

through Norton, to the Town of Gro/mount, in the County of Monmouth; and the Road leading from the Monmouth Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, over Broad Oak Green aforesaid, through Garway, Kent CEwys harrold, and to Ponttanafl, in the Parish of in

the

tz Geo. Ill*

2i° Febrticirii.

499

the County of Hereford aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Roads are very ruinous and dangerous, and in general very deep, narrow, incommodious, and founderous, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law :. And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a' Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that; they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet To-toorrow. Morning, at . Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

taskelf A Petition of the Freeholders, and others, whose . cluiuie. Names are thereunto subscribed, having Mefljjagps, Cottages, Lands, and Right of Common, in and upon . the several extensive Commons, within the Township of Rafkelf, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several large and extensive Commons, containing, in the Whole, 1,239 Acres and upwards, which would be capable of great Improvement, if the same were divided and inclosed, and exempt from the Payment of the Reftorial and Vicarial Tythes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several extensive Commons, according to each Person’s Right in the fame, and for assigning certain Compensations to the Impropriator of the Rectory, and the Vicar and Curate of the Vicarage and Curacy of aforesaid, and

their Lessees, in lieu of all Reftorial and Vicarial Tythes issuing and payable out of the Lands in the same Township, and for other Purposes therein to be expressed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in.a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord BeL Jyfe, Sir George Savile, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

oodfcam Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom aclofifte. the Bill for inclosing the Common Fields, Break Lands, Half-year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

ham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were. Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thp.t the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgr ol fed.

Officei Ordered, That Leave be given to 'bring in a Bill to

-npLyrr.tnts. indemnity such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for giving further Time for that Purposes and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits cf 1 he Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir William Meredith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cjmfitie. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and &c. Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Ormfide, in cloture. (,[ie Parity, Qf Qrmfide, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Yol. 33.

Resolved, That the Bill be. committed to Mr. grave, General Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Lautier’* cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Lewi's Nat. Lautier: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords* by Mr. Half ord and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Draper, with Elizabeth ®iroree-Hartnell, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in Teas, the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such In demnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain-, and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes which have arilen upon the said Act of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Phipps presented to the House, according to Game. Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon TuesdayScvennight, the Third Day of March next.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Richmond the Petition of William Windham, Esquire, was referred; Br‘dge. That the Committee had examined the Matter ot Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

It appeared, by Letters Patent, under the Exchequer Seal, bearing Date the First Day of September x 767, That His Majesty did demise to William , Esquire,

all that Passage over the River Thames, called Richmond Ferry, together with the Boats, and all and singular the Profits, Privileges, and Advantages, to the said Ferry belonging, situate, lying, and being, between Twickenham, in Middlesex, and Richmond, in Surrey, to hold for a Term of Years, subject to a Yearly Rent of £.3. 13 s.4 d,

A Member present informed your Committee, That if a Bridge was built across the said River, at, or near, the said Ferry, it would be of great Public Utility; but that, in order to make the said Bridge commodious,

it

ftetchert before the Haifa,

Orders of the Day.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Royal

Mariiage.

Committees.

Macartney’s

Will.

500 . i° — 2 5°

it will be necessary to open new Avenues to and from the said Bridge.

And His Majesty’s Surveyor General informed your Committee, That he apprehends Mr. Windham cannot possibly build such Bridge, without certain Loss, unless he has a Grant of the said Ferry, from the Crown, in Fee Simple.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journals of the House of the 31st Day of January 1699, " That for the future, no Person be recommended to " preach before this House, who is under the Dignity of " a Dean in the Church, or hath not taken his Degree " of Doctor of Divinity,*’ might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House of the 4th Day of June 1742, " That for the future, no Person, except the Chaplain " of this House, be recommended to preach before this " House, who is under the Dignity of a Dean in the " Church, or hath not taken his Degree of Doflor of " Divinity," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That for the future, no Person do preach before this House on the 30th Day of except the

Chaplain of this House;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That for the future, the Thanks of this House be not given for any Sermon preached before this House, until such Sermon shall have been printed and delivered at the Doo/Of this House;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 25* die;

Anno ia* Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1772. Prayers.

A Petition of Catherine , Spinster, Fulk

Greville, Esquire, and Frances his Wife, as well for and on Behalf of themselves, as of William Fulk Grevilte, James Greville, Henry , and Charles Greyille, their Infant Sons; and also of George Fulk Lyttelton and Charles Adam Ly, Infants, by William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, their Father and Guardian,

4

Februarii \ A. 1772*

Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That Janies Macartney, late of Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex and Kingdom of Great Britain, and of Granard, in the County of Longford and Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, deceased, did duly make and publish his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of October 1769, and thereby gave ind devised his Manor of Granard, in the County of Longford aforesaid, and all other his Manors, Towns, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Mills, Rectories, Advawfoos, Tythes, Rents, and Hereditaments whatsoever, fttuate, lying, be-ins, or arising, in or within the Counties of Longford and ffo Meath, in the said Kingdom of Ireland, or either of them, or elsewhere, in the said Kingdom of Ireland, with their, and every of their. Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, unto the Right honourable Wills Earl of Hillsborough, and the Right honourable Lord Viscount Barrington, and their Heirs, to the life. Intent, and Purpose, that the said George Fulk Lyttelton, his Grandson, should- thereout receive Yearly, during his Life, dr until he' should come into the Possession of, or should be entitled to, the said Estates, or some Part thereof, by virtue of the Limitations thereinafter declared concerning the same. One Annuity or Yearly Rent of Seven hundred Pounds Sterling, as Money is valued and current in Ireland, by Half-yearly Payments, at the Times and in Maimer therein mentioned; and to the further Use, Intent, and Purpose, that Jane Churchill therein named, should also receive thereout, during her Life, One A n-nuity, or Yearly Rent Charge of Ten Pounds of like Money, by like Half-yearly Payments, and subject to the said Annuities, then as concerning One undivided Moiety, os Half-part of the feme Hereditaments and Premises (other than and except the Redtory or Advowson, Patronage, and Right of Presentation of, in, and to, the Church of Granard, otherwise Maghery Granard, in the said County of Longford, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Redlory, Advowson, Patronage, and Right of Presentation of, in, and to, the Church of Strode alias Street, in the said County of Westmeath, with its Rights, Members, and

Appurtenances) to the Use of the Petitioner Catherine Macartney, his Daughter, and her Assigns, for and during her Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during her Life, in Trull to preferre the contingent Remainders; and after her Decease, to the Use of the Petitioner George Fulk Lyttelton and his Assigns during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Trull to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after the several Deceases of the Petitioners Catherine Macartney and George Fulk Lyttelton, to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Petitioner George Fulk Lyttelton successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Petitioner Charles Adam Lyttelton and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Trull to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the said Wills Earl of Hillsborough and Lord Viscount Barrington, and their Heirs, during the joint Lives of the Petitioners Frances Greville and Ftdk Greville, in Trull, during the joint Lives of the said Petitioners, to pay the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the same undivided Moiety of the Hereditaments and Premises aforesaid, for the separate Use of the Petitioner Frances Greville, in Manner therein mentioned; and after the Decease of the Petitioner Fulk Greville, in case he shall happen to die in the Lifetime of the Petitioner Frances Greville, to the Use of the Petitioner, Frances Greville and her Assigns, during her Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during her Life, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after

12 Geo. III. 250 Februarii. 501

after her Decease, to the Use of the Petitioner Wtlliamother Sons of the Petitioner Frances Grevil/e successive-Fulk Grevil/e,elder Son of the Petitioner Frances Gre~ ly, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the

ville, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeach- Use of the Petitioner George Lyttelton and his ment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees Assigns during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, during hN Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, Remainders; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for De- after his Dectafe, to the Use of his First and other t fault of such Issue, to the Use of the Petitioner James Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of Greville, Second Son of the Petitioner Frances Greville, such Issue, to the Use of the Petitioner Charles Adam

and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment ot Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such llfue, to the Use of the Petitioner vil/e, then Third Son of the Petitioner Frances,

during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Vruft, to preserve the contingent Remainder; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such If-sue, to the Use of the Petitioner Charles Greville, then Fourth Son of the Petitioner Frances ,during his

Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after.his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Fifth and other Sons of the Petitioner Frances Greville successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the said Testator’s own right Heirs for ever: And as concerning the said Redfory, or Advow-fbn of the said Church of Granard otherwise Maghery Granard, with its Appurtenances; and the said Redtory or Advowson of the said Church of Strode otherwise Street, with the Appurtenances: And as concerning the other undivided Moiety or Half Part of all and singular other the said Hereditaments and Premisses in the said Kingdom of Ireland, subject and charged with the said Annuities as aforesaid, to the Use of the said Wills Earl of Hillsborough and Lord Viscount Barrington, and their

Heirs, during the joint Lives of the Petitioners Frances Greville and Fulk Greville, in Trust, for the like separate Use of the Petitioner Frances Greville, in Manner therein mentioned; and after the Decease of the Petitioner Fulk Greville, in case he should happen to die in the Lifetime of the Petitioner Frances Greville, to the Use of the Petitioner Frances Greville and her Assigns, during her Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during her Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after her Decease to the Use of the Petitioner William Fulk Greville and his Assigns during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Sons successively in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Petitioner James Greville and his Assigns during his Life, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Petitioner Henry Greville during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such llfue, to the Use of the Petitioner Charles Greville and his Assigns during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Fifth and Vol. 33.

Lyttelton and his Assigns during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the same Trustees during his Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Testator’s own right Heirs for ever, with a Power for the several Tenants for Life, when in Possession, to grant Leases upon the Terms therein mentioned; and appointed the Petitioner Catherine Macartney and the said Wills Earl of Hillsborough, and Lord Viscount Barrington, Executrix and Executors of his said Will; and that the said Testator departed this Life soon after the making his said Will, without having revoked the fame, leaving the Petitioners Catherine Macartney and Frances Greville, together with Alicia Macartney, Spinster, his other surviving Daughter, and the Petitioner George Fulk Lyttelton, the eldest Son of Mary Lyttelton, one other Daughter of the said Testator, but who died in his Lifetime, his Co-heirs at Law, and the Petitioner Catherine Macartney, and the said Wills Earl of Hillsborough, and Lord Viscount Barrington, soon after the said Testator’s Decease, proved the said Will in common Form in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canter bury; and that the Petitioners Catherine Macartney and Frances Greville are under and by virtue of the said Will, become seised of, or entitled to, all the said Estates in the Kingdom of Ireland (subject as aforesaid) in equal Moieties during their respective Lives; and that the said Will was proved in the High Court of Chancery, in Great Britain, on the Twentieth Day of February 1772; and the Petitioners Catharine Macartney and Frances Greville in present, and the Petitioners William Fulk Greville, James Greville, Henry Greville, Charles Grevil/e, George Fulk Lyttelton, and Charles Adam Lyttelton, in future, may have frequent Occasion to produce, or give the said Will in Evidence, as well in Great Britain as in Ireland; and the said Will cannot, as Occa-lion may from Time to Time require, be carried from one Kingdom to the other, so as to be made use of at any.Trial at Law without great Hazard, nor can the Witnesses, who are able to prove the due Execution of the said Will, be compelled by any Prodefs to attend in the said Kingdom of Ireland, to give their Testimony at any Trial at Law to be had there: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of the said James Macartney, cfeceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes and Sir John St. Aubyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Bichard Draper with Elizabeth Hartnell, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Carlton Moor or Common, and an Open Field, called the Town Field, in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County

6 M of

Draper’*

Divorce.

Carlton

Inclosure.

501 250 Februarii. . 177a.

of For/ir: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee, to to*ott whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Free-Cunbidge holders, and other Inhabitants, re tiding in or near to the Hoad. Parishes therein-after mentioned, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge; and also the Petition of several of the Mailers, Fellows, and Scholars of the University, and of several of the Gentlemen and other Inhabitants of the Town of were referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Edward Leeds Esquine, being examined, laid. That the Road leading from the Well End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of Saint , in the County of Huntingdon, through the several Places mentioned in the said Petition, to the Town of Cambridge, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being:

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Edward Leeds, Esquire, said, That there is a Lane called Bell Lane, in the said Town of , which

is very ruinous, and in some Parts very narrow, and that if the Road mentioned in the First Petition was extended to the End of the said Lane, next to the said Town, it would be an Advantage to all Persons reading in, or reloiting thereto.

Which Evidence was also confirmed by the said Member.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the West End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the Find of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge: And that the Lord Ludlow, the Lord Sir Join Hynde

Cotton, and Mr. Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are there-Rip"on unto fobforibed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands Iuclofore. and Estates, within the Parish of Kings Rbpton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, the same might be improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuaat to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Ludlow and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kidderminster A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Manufactur-

Sraall Debit, ers, and Tradestnen, within the Borough and Parish of

Kidd*.rminster, in the County of Wqrcester, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Manufactory hath been, and now is, carried on within the said Borough and Parish, which of late Years has been much improved and increased, and many thousand Persons are conllantly employed therein; and that Persons residing, trading, or dealing, within the said Borough and Parish, contract several fmaH Debts, which amount yearly to a

great Sum of Money, and often refuse Payment, pre-tuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under, from the great Expence they are put to, in suing for the fame; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if an easy and foeedy Method for recovering finall Debts within the said Borough and Parish was provided, it would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and to support and encourage Trade and Credit therein: And , therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Borough and Parish of in the County of Worcester, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

IVvrd and Mr. Dowdeswelt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open Little and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Kington Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, of and within the Manor of Little n Br ‘ Kington Combrooke, and Brookehampton, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-wit b, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Framwelgate thereunto subscribed, being Owners of ancient Messuages, (Dorian) or Burgages, within the City of Durham, and the Bo- 0 oure' rough and Township of Framwelgate, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within, or belonging to, the said City of Durham, and Borough of Framwelgate, several Moors, Commons, or Wastes, known by the several Names of Framwelgate Moor, High Braffide Moor, Low Brajfide Moor, Harbtrhoitfe , and Well Springs Moor, containing, by Estimation,

1,214 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are, within the Township of Framwelgate aforesaid, Two Parcels of Ground, known by the Names of the Intack, otherwise the Cow Pajlttre, and Shaw Wood, containing, by Efti-mation, 154 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Bishop of Durham, in Right of his Church and See of Durham, is Lord of the Manor of Chester, in the County of Durham, and the said Two Parcels of Ground, called the Intack, otherwise the Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, are within the said Manor, and held of the Lord thereof, in Trust for the B'urgefles and Inhabitants of the said City of "Durham, and Borough of Framwelgate, and of the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bow and Saint Mary,

commonly called the North and South Baileys, in or near the said City of Durham, who have respectively enjoyed, and areenritled to, a certain Number of Cow Gates, in the said Intack, otherwise Cow Pasture, at certain Times in the Year; and that the Petitioners, and the other Owners of ancient Messuages, or Burgages, within the said City of Durham, confiding of the whole Parish of Saint Nicholas, and within the said Borough and Township of Framwelgate, and also within the said several Parishes of Saint Mary le Bow and Little Saint Mary, or their Lessees or Tenants thereof, respectively claim to be entitled to a Right of Common upon the said Moors,

Commons, or Wastes, at all Times in the Year, and upon the said Parcels of Ground, called the Intack, otherwise Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood-, and also to Commonage, called Right of Intercommon, upon certain Parcels of Inclosed Lands, within the said Township of Framwelgate, called Intercommon Lands, at certain Times in the Year; and the Owners of Lands within the said Township of Framwelgate, and wichin other Townships or Places near adjoining thereto, in respect of their said Lands, claim to be entitled to a Right of Common, in and upon the said Moors, Common, or Wastes, and Inclosed Lands; and the Petitioners conceive, it will

8 be

12 Geo. III. 250 Februarii. 503

be advantageous, not only to the said Bishop, but to all other Persons interested or concerned in the Rights aforesaid, if the said Moors, Commons, or Wastes, and Parcels of Ground, were divided into just Allotments, and inclosed, and adequate Provision made for the said Bishop, in respect of his Right as Lord of the said Manor, and also if such Rights of Intercommon as aforesaid were extinguished, upon reasonable and proper Terms: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

' Ordered^ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

' V>ane and Sir Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

Durham A Petition of the Trustees named, appointed, and T *B d elected, to put in Execution Two several Acts of Par-

JRoad.gC bament, the one made and passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Du, in the County of Durham, to 'Tyne Bridge, in the said County; and the other of them passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County; and also, of several of the Creditors of the Tolls arising from the several Turnpike Gates, erected in and upon the said Road, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Two several Acts, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the Rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Road, and, in order to carry on the Repairs thereof, a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, upon the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls collected, has been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; but, by reason of many heavy Carriages travelling on the said Road with narrow Wheels, which are very detrimental to the fame, several of which Carriages are, by the said former Acts, exempted from paying the Tolls thereby granted, and the Tolls Annually received upon the said Road not railing a sufficient Fund to answer the Purposes of the said Road, the same is Hill, in many Parts thereof, in a ruinous Condition, and cannot effectually be repaired and kept in Repair, unless the Tolls are increased, the-laid Acts further continued, amended, and made more effectual, and the said Trustees enabled to borrow a further Sum of Money: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for-continuing, explaining, amending, and enlarging, the said Two several Acts of Parliament, and for the more effectual repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by speh Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said.Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr.

Vane,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Holderness, A Petition of William Constable, Esquire, the Reverend «ce. M ark Sykes, Doctor in Divinity, George Clapham and

Drainage. RtibertFarrah, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names

art - thereunto lubscribed, being Owners of certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Seigniory of Wol. 33.

in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are divers Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Keyingham,

Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill, and Cammerton Bur/lwick and Skeckling, Burton Pidfea, and Ridgemont,

Halsham, Owjhvick, Boos, Rimfwe/l, Tunstall,

EIJiernwick, Lit ley, Humb/eion, Fitting,

Aldbrough, F/inton, and Tanjlerne, within the said Seig-

niory, containing 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts, which for many Years last past have been frequently overflowed with Water, for want of proper Drains and Outfalls, and are thereby rendered in,a great Degree useless to the Owners, and a Loss to the Public, and are in Danger of being further injured, by the Incroach-tnents of the German Ocean, if some speedy Means be not taken to prevent it; and that the said Grounds and Carrs are capable of being effectually drained, and of consequence of being cultivated and improved, to the Advantage of the Proprietors and Benefit of the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining the said Low Grounds and Carrs, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And k is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. LaJ-

cdles, See,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town Cottingham, of Kingston upon Hud, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, _&c-

and Freeholders, having Estates in or near the Parishes Roads" of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of

York, and of Sutton in Holderness, in the said East Riding, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereto lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the West End of a Lane adjoining the Turnpike Road, between the Towns of K upon Hull and Beverley, near the Two Mile Stone, called Clow

Lane, in the said Parish of Cottingham, through the same Lane, unto or near a Place called Newland Cloiv, on the West Side of the River Hull, and extending fron) the opposite Bank of the -said River unto the South East Corner of the Church Yard Wall, in the Town of Sutton >n Holderness, and from thence to or near a Place ' called the Salts Gate, adjoining the Road between the said Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Hedon, in Holderness aforesaid; and also extending from the said South East Corner of the Church Yard Wall in Sutton, unto and through a Street in Sutton, called Lowgate, and from thence to the Toll Bar near

the Two Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road between Kingston upon Hull and Hedon, is in many Places ruinous and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being; and that the building of a Bridge in order to continue the said Road cross the River Hull, at or near Newland Clow, to the opposite Side of the said River in Stone-Jerry, in the said Parish of Sutton, would be of general Utility and Advantage to the Public: And therefore . praying, That 'Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Road, and building a Bridge over the said River Hull, at or near the said Place called Newland Clow, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it llull appear to them, to the House:

And

Would

Newton

inclosure.

Bourn

Drainage.

504 250 Februariu A. 1772.

And it is referred to Sir George , Mr. ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Pet ition of Humphry OJb, Esquire, Lord of the Manor, and also Owner of several Oxgangs of Land and Tenements within the Township of Would Newton, in the East Riding of the County of York-, William Hutchinson, Gentleman, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates and Hereditaments there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township* there are several Open Fields and Grounds, and also a large Pasture, called The Would; and that the several Properties in the said Open Fields and Would lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the same were mclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, and exempted from the Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes; and for making a Compensation to the Persons entitled to the Great and Small Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, arising within the said Township, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Daniel Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners of Commonable Houses and Toftsteads, in the Towns of,

and Cawthorpe, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln, having Right upon, and being otherwise interested in, a certain Parcel of Land, lying in the South Fen, within the said Manor and Parish, and now used and enjoyed by the Owners of such Houses and Toftsteads as a Cow Pasture; and also of several other Persons, interested in the Fen Lands and other Grounds within the said Manor and Parish of Bourn, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth., That, -in pursuance of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste and Fen Grounds, within the' Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, the Comm i Hi oners thereby appointed did allot and alfiga unto the Petitioners and others, being Owners of Commonable Houses and Toftsteads in Bourn, Dyke, and Cawthorpe aforesaid, a Parcel of Fen Land, containing 870 Acres, or thereabouts, to be used and enjoyed by them as a Cow Pasture; and that the said Cow Pasture being in its present Tenure incapable of supporting the Cattle depastured thereon, and also, by reason of its being frequently overflowed with Water, is very inconvenient to the Owners of the said Commonable Houses and Toftsteads; and that, if the said Cow Pasture was divided, inclosed, and properly drained, and the said Act in some respects amended, it would be a Benefit to the Estates of the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the said Cow Pasture, and for amending the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Open Common Fields, in the Parish of Hammeringham, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, called the East Field and West Field, containing 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, wherein the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and dispersed in (mail Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all the Parties interested, if the same were divided and inclosed: Anil therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Clerk,

Vicar of the Parishes and Parish Churches of Middle Raiftn, in the County of Lincoln, and of Marmaduke Dixon, Esquire, Lord of the Manor, Impropriator of Part of the Great Tythes there, and a Proprietor of great Part of the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Lordship, and of John Turner, Thomas Brown, and others, remaining Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Lordship of Middle Raiftn aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor and Lordship, there are certain Open and Unincloled Arable Fields, Moors, and Common Pastures, containing together 4,000 Acres and upwards; and that the Lands lie intermixed and in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing of the said Fields, Moors, and Common Pastures, in the Lordship of Middle Raiftn aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Moorby cum Wilkfby, in the Townships of Moorby and Wilkjby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Sullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson, and from thence to Bridge, through

Dudley, to King Swinford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a coti-

siderable

Hammericg.

ham

Inclosure

Middle

Raifia

inclosure.

Moo-by

tad

Wnkfoy

inclosure.

Birmingham

through

Wedndbory,

&c.

Rotdi.

i 2 Geo. III. 250 Februarii. 505

siderable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls Drain aforesaid, in the several Plrishes or Town--thereby granted, which now remains due; and that, ships of , Benwick, and Clutter is, in

She Tolls being fixed at very low Rates, the said Roads the Isle of Ely, in the County of was pre-

cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Repair, and the Money borrowed, and now owing, on said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, from the low and the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the said Tolls flat Situation thereof, and the Decay of the Bank of the-are increased, and the Term and Powers granted by River and of several other Banks, Drains, and -

the said Acts, further continued and enlarged: And Outfalls to Sea, are liable to be overflown and covered therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring with Water, to the great Loss and Damage of the; in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Re- Estates of the Petitioners; and that the North Bank of gulations and Restrictions as to the House shall feetn the said Drain, called Vermuydens , otherwise The meet. Forty Feet , at a Bridge called Carter's to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the a Bridge called the Forty Feet , in the Parish of

Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whitt!efcy, A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors &e. of certain Lands, called and known by the several Jdraioage. Names of The Setts, Great Oldeamere, and Near

The Farr Doles, in Farr IVype, Little Oldeamere, The Turves, Eastrea Fehn, and Glajjmoore, in the Township of fVhittleJ'ey, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for the more effectual draining and preserving several Fen Lands and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, the said Lands were, amongst other Lands in the said Township, charged with an Annual Sum of Two Shillings per Acre for the First Year after -the passing of the said Act, and with an Annual Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Acre for every Year afterwards j and that the said Tax has been found insufficient to answer the Purpose of draining and preserving the said Lands; and that a considerable Debt has been incurred, which cannot be discharged, nor the said Lands fully and completely drained, unless an additional Tax be laid upon the Lands: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving the said Lands, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Sampson Gideon, Sir John Hynde Cotton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,- and Records.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, lying in a Drainage, certain Place called Broadalls, otherwise Broadwells, Great Hilks, Little Hi/ks, Poand certain Lands called The Four hundred Acre Farm, and a Farm called Betty's Nose, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called or known by the Names of Chappel Farm, Lilly Holts, Benwick Lotts, Benwick Turf Fen,

Meere, Dykeamoore, Mangers, Bezelings, Sedge Fen,

Jon Moor, Little Brad, Moor, and Bedlams, and bounded on the North by the River Nene-, and on the South by a certain Sewer or Drain called Vermuydens Drain, otherwise The Forty Feet Drain, and «n the West by Ramsey Meere, and toward the North and East by Burrough Moor , Farm,

Coney fVood Fen, Bedlam, or Ranfon Moor Drove, and the Hard Lands of Doddington, and a certain Turnpike Road, leading from the said Hard Lands to Vot. 33.

Ramsey, is a common High Road; and that the said Bank and Road are become so ruinous, that the same cannot be repaired and kept in Repair by the Laws in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and for embanking the said River Nene, and for amending and repairing the said Bank and Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame; as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Sampson Gideon, Sir John Hynde Colton, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing the Common Fields, Roodham, Break Lands, Half-year Lands, Lammas Meadows, "rctafow* Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Roudham»in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing the Common Fields, Break Lands, Half-year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Roudham, in the County of Norfolk:

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act Norwich for repairing and widening the Road from the City of _ , .

Norwich, to Sc ole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, p~." y was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be committed to Mr. De Grey, Mr. Townshend, See.:/And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti- Berwick, tion of the Gentlemen Heretors, in the County of Ber- &c. wick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Ednam Bridge, by Eccles, Leilholm, Bughtrigs, Swinton Miln,

Qttarrys, and through the Lands of Whitfomehill and Ramrigg, on the North Side of Horndean, and through the Lands on the North Side of Fishwick, and by the South Side1 of the Town of Paxton, to Compton's Lanes, on the Confines of the Liberties of the Town of Berwick-, as also the Roads from Swinton Quarrys aforesaid, by Whitfome, on the North Side of Dikehead, and

from thence, through the Farms of New and Old Broom Dykes, to the Banks of the Water of at or

near The Blue Stoneford, and from thence, across the said Water, below or near the South East Corner of shall Plantations, and from thence, by the Farm House called Dodhall, or Dodhouse, and by or near

and from thence by Ayton, to Eyin the County of Berwick; and also the Road from the said Town of Eccles, by Orange Lane, Easter Merington, Hunthall,

Sinclair's Hill, fVhitelaw Muir, Kello, Bridge,

6 N till

Sigglcfthorn

Iodofure.

Btkewell,

dec.

Iodosure.

Miflict

Weightoo,

Sec.

Drainage.

25* Februarii. 1772.

till it joins the Road aforesaid, near by

Ayton, to Eymouth; and also the Road from Muir, by Blackadder Bank and Croffrigg, and through Hutton Be/lmuir, and to the West Corner of Mr. Home

of Wedderbuns's Park Dike, at , and from thence

to Compton's Lanes aforesaid, within the said County of Berwick, and other Roads within the said County, have become dangerous, and are frequently impaftable, and cannot be properly made, widened, and repaired, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and other Highways, in the said County, in such Way and Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Hot ham. See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Hugh Bethel/, Esquire, the Reverend Thomas Constable, Clerk, Retftor of the Parish and Parish Church of Sigglefthornein the County of York, Thomas Acklam, Gentleman, and another, whose Names are subscribed. Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the several Open Fields, Meadows* and Pastures, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That, within the Lordship of Sigglefthorne, there are certain Open and Uninclosed Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, which are computed to contain in the Whole about One thousand Acres; which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Lascelles and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the Fame.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing ‘and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of and County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be retut a Second Time*

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands in the several Townships of Market and Holme,

upon Spalding Moor, and other adjacent Townships or Parishes, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships or Parishes, several Commons, Carrs, Lands, and Grounds, containing 20,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which are subjetft to be overflowed with Water, for want of proper Outfalls into the River Humberj and by that Means are rendered, in a

considerable Degree, unprofitable to the said Proprietors; and that it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested, if the same were properly embanked and drained; and would be a dill further Improvement, if that Part of the said Drainage, lying -between the Town of Market Weight on aforesaid, and the said River Humber, was made navigable: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring ini a' Bill for

6: ’ -

the several Purposes above-mentioned, under such Ro gulations as the House (bail think fit.

Ordered, That the' said Petition be referred to the ConGderation of a Committee: And that they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mon. tagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and S«?ot Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Botolph, Botolph,

in the Liberties of the City of whose Names 1 p££v*'

are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Housekeepers of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Parish is of great Extent, and principally inhabited by Traders and Manufacturers, and the Poor thereof very numerous and burthensome; and that this Burthen, falling upon the industrious Householders, is greatly increased by the Number of Houses within the said Parish lett out to Tenants or Lodgers, ready furnished, which augments the Number and Expences of the casual Poor, and renders it extremely difficult to afiefs and recover the necessary Rates for their Reliefs And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, assembled in Vestry, to rate and aifefs the Owners or Landlords of Houses^within the said Parish, let out to Two or more Tenants, towards the Relief of the Poor, and for the more easy and effectual Recovery of such Rates.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tha Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Trecothick, Mr,

Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Modto* Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields h»cIoi«re, of Moulton, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of several Freehold Estate6, and other Properties, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Meadows, of Moulton aforesaid, which lie intermixed; and dispersed in final I Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconvenienced do arise to the Owners and Occupiers thereof; and that the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; but, if divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common ' Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, Heath Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Moulton aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to- the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.- Montagu and Sir Charles Hardy do prepare,- and bring in, the fame.

t

* A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Befftlfleigh, End of the present Turnpike Road, from to &c.

Hungerford, in the Cdhnty of Berks, to Letkford, otherwise Soufty Water, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

1

12 Geo. III. 25° Februarii. 507

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen- Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service of

ruddock, Mr. Hot ham, &c.: And they are to meet this the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s two; without any Amendment: And also,

Chamber. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Tunbridge A Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Ser-WRMd&C* an ‘n Seventh Year of the Reign of His vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

°* ' present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Seventy-two; without any Amendment: And also.

Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Parish of Eichingham, and from Frant to PoJJingworth Ait for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine

Great IViod, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there. Forces, while on Shore; without any Amendment: leading to Black Boys, in the County of Sussex, was read And also, a Second Time. , The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act M°‘|ny and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har-for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better -t>e c«ion. court, Mr, Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Amendment: And also,

Chamber. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An wood’s

Act to enable Henry , Esquire (lately called Henry

Sooth a Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of and his Issue, to take and use the Surname

inclosure11 within the Parish and Precincts of South New- and Arms of , pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas

ington, in the County of Oxford, whose Names are , Baronet, deceased; without any Amendment:

thereunto subscribed and set, on Behalf of themselves, And also,

and other the Proprietors and Owners of Lands within The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Meyer the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read j for naturalizing Arnold Meyer and Peter Boetefeur} with _ etefeur’s

Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords *

and Precilifts, Two Open Fields, called The East Side desire the Concurrence of this House. and The West Side, over which the Petitioners and others And then the Messengers withdrew, have Right of Common, containing large Quantities of

Waste or other Common Grounds, which lie intermixed. The Lord Clive presented to the House, according Shiwfbury ' and are inconveniently situated; and that, if the same to Order, a Bill to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of Bridge, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments there- the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and of made, it would tend to the Benefit and Advantage widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury;

of all the Proprietors: And therefore praying. That and for appropriating Part of the Tolls, collected upon

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and certain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finish-inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common ing the fame; and for granting additional Terms to the Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, several Acts for repairing the said Roads . And the same lying within the Parish and Precincts of South Newing- was received; and read the First Time. ton aforesaid; or to grant to the said Petitioners such , That the Bill be read a Second Time,

other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem

meet. 1 A Petition of Sir William Dolben, Baronet, Guardian 3parke’«

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- of John Sparke, a Minor, Son and Heir of Havey ** suant to the Prayer of the raid Petition: And that Mr. late of Knuston, in the county of ,

Page, Lord Charles Spencer, and the Lord Wenman, do Esquire, deceased, and also one of the Trustees for the prepare, and bring in, the fame. younger Children of the said Havey Sparke, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Islington Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, the said Havey Sparke died possessed of several Free- whom the Bill, for lighting such Part of the Town of hold and Copyhold Estates, in the Counties of - ‘

Islington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in ampton and Huntingdon, some of which, were devised the County of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular to his Widow Elizabeth, in Fee; others are veiled Nightly Watch therein, was committed; That the in her for Life; others are subject to a Settlement,

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, made on his Marriage with the said Elizabeth, for and found the same to be true; and that the Com- railing Fortunes for his younger Children; and others mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several liable to the Payment of his just Debts; all of which Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him cannot be effected, during the Minority of the said to report to the House; and he read the Report in John without the Aid of Parliament: And

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the in a Bill to enable the said Petitioner, in Concurrence Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a with the said Elizabeth Sparke, Widow, to fell either the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Whole or such Parts of the said Estates, as may be Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. thought requisite, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-JnQR>fled. suant to the Prayer Of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Montagu and Sir Charles Hardy do prepare, and bring Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord- in, the fame. c* ia^ to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

aruj Common Fields, and other Commonable Meadows, Mr. Aftffgrave reported from the Committee, to whom Hutton*. Patftures, and Grounds, within the Parish of Cavenkam, the Bill to enable Mary and William , and the N*m«.

ir\ the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; other Persons therein described, to take and use the and read the First Time. Surname, Arms, and Crest, of , pursuant to the Will

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of Long, deceased, was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. found the same to be true; and that the Committee had Browning: directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any

Mr. Speaker, Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s

Land Tax. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Table.

Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Vol. 33. A Petition

Tbtockmorton

Inclosure.

Staioby

incloi'u/e.

Stapelford

Inclosure.

Meyer

and

Boetefeur’s

Nat.

25° Februarii.

A. 1772-

A Petition of Sir Robert T, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Throckmorton, in the County of refer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Precincts of the Hamlet of Throckmortony in the said Manor, all which belong to th.e Petitioner, except only Seventy Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Fields and Lands are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but would be greatly increased in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Commonable Lands, under l'uch Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdejwell and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenellreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing all the 0|>en Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ^ound the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stap/e/ord, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Arnold Meyer and Peter Boetefeur.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 6. Leave out "and."

1. 8. After " Hamburg" insert " John Gottheljf " Rucker, Son of by Anne

" Louisa his Wife, born at Hamburgh " and John Guth, Son of John Adam " Guth, by Magdalena his Wife, born " in the City of CaJJ'el in ."

1.20. Leave out " and."

1. 2i. After " Boetefeur" insert " Gottheljf " Rucker, and John Guth"

I. 34. Leave out " and."

1. 35. After " Boetefeur" insert " John Gottheljf " Rucker, and John

Pr. 2. 1-31. Leave out " and " and after "Boetefeur" insert " John Gottheljf Rucker, and " John Guth"

Pr. 3. 1. 1. Leave out " and " and after " Boetefeur "

insert " John Gottheljf Rucker, and

" John Guth,"

In the Title of the Bill, 1. 2. Leave out " and" and after " Boetefeur " insert " John Gottheljf Rucker, and John Guth."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of several Persons entitled to, and interested Lancba in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Iadofcw. Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Laneham, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, in the said Open Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerjible Improvement; and, if the same were divided, and inclosed into separate Allotments, in proportion to each Person’s Interest therein, and in lieu of Tithes, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under l'uch Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Willoughby and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Bill to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Com- Bedford monalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Le*el. Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to CorPot, ooa borrow upon Bonds further Money, upon Account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for establishing a further certain Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation, out of the said Middle and South Levels, mas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Mefi&ge from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Clnttoa for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Indofor* Grounds, within the Manor of Clareton with Coneyftrop, and a Piece of Waste Ground, called Shortjill, in the Manor of Allerton with Flaxby, all in the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, to who® the Tavistock, Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and &c. principal Inhabitants of, or residing near to, the Town Ro*ls' and Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, and of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from the said Borough of Tavistock, and also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had d't-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To

Uobcombe

Corner,

*c.

Roads.

Heath,

Ac. loclofare»

i a Geo. III.

250 'Februarii.

509

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Qhriftopher Gullett, being examined, said. That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, for which Purpose have borrowed and expended a considerable Sum of Money; but that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Debt discharged, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged.

And he further laid, That the several other Roads mentioned in the Petition are in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts very narrow; and that the same cannot be sufficiently amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads, leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavij aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Brook Street, to , and

to Dmnabridge Pound; and from the Turn-

pike Road to Morwell Ham and Quay, in the said County? And that Mr. Rigby and Mr. Parker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Folkejfone reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winterflow, to Hamham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of Nezv to the Parishes

of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Tejlwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Rumsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhurst, and from a Place called Hanrpton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton and for repairing the Footways within the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in g rolled.

A Petition of Fiennes Trofman, Esquire, Lord of the Brf an or of Heath, otherwise Hcthe, in the County of Ojcford, George Lamb, Clerk, Rest or of the Parish CLurch of Heath otherwise Hethe aforesaid, John Dag-ley, and John Bay/is, in Behalf of themselves and others, tVxe Proprietors of Lands and other Properties in the Open and Common Fields of Heath otherwise Hethe al Foresaid, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners,

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Heath otherwise Hetbe aforesaid, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Wenman, Lord Charles Spencer, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of

Peed* of arid Wills: PapilU.

Offices

and

Employments*

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will* upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to indemnify such Personsas have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for allowing further Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid upon Contracts with Clerks; Apprentices, and Servants.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes Dr. Nowell, of the House, of the 31st Day of January last, " That " the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend " Doctor Nowell, for the Sermon by him preached " Yesterday before this House, at St. Margaret's " minster, and that he be desired to print the fame:

And that Sir William Dolben, and Mr. Alexander Pop-ham, do acquaint him therewithmight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Entry be expunged from the Votes of this House;

And a Motion being made. That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the lath Day of May, 1660, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to an Exception which was taken to some Words spoken by.

Mr. Lenthall, then a Member of this House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for t!.e Yeas. "j;

Tellers for, he Noes,^^.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Main Question being put;

Resolved, That the said Entry be expunged from the Votes of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson have Leave to go into Member: the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absencef

41.

____________________________ , Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Enfield '

in the said Open and Common Fields, lie greatly inter- the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several 10R0»d*. mixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parish of pTefent Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, field, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hert-if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares ford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and allotted to the Persons interested therein, it would greatly also for repairing the Road from the End of the Town improve their several Estates: And therefore praying, of Hertford, to Amwell End, near Ware, in the said That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing County of Hertford, was committed; That the Com-and inclosing the Open and Common -Fields, Common mittee had examineid the Allegations of the Bill, and Failures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste found the same to be true; and that the Committee Vol. 33. 6 O had

Chester

Canal.

Dunsferdi

kc.

Roads.

Call of the House.

Insolvent

Debtors.

5x0 25*’ — a 6°

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he refid the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Grosvenor do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of , to or near Middle-wick and Nantwich, in the County of Chester, was committed.

Mr. Grosvenor accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Navigation should not go within a certain Distance of the Canal, from the Trent to the Mersey.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank) which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

> Mr. Duntze reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of, or residing near to, the Town of

Moretonhampstead, in the County of Devon, usually travelling on the Highway or Road thereinafter mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Christophtr Gullett being examined, said, That the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy , through the Parish of Dunsford, the Town and Parish of Moretonhampstead, and the several other Parishes mentioned in the Petition, to a Place in the Forest of Dartmoor, called Cherry Brook, in the Road to Tavistock, is veiy narrow.', deep, and founderous, and at some Times of the Year impafiable; and that the said Road cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turn-

pike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County: And that Mr. and Mr.

Brickdale do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Thursday Sevennight, the 5th Day of March next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Februarii. A. 1772.

Mercurii, 26° Februarii\

Anno 1.2® Georgii III'1* Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Appltlj thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, lnclulu,‘-and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Manor of Appleby, in the County of WeJhnore or within some Part thereof, are entitled to Right of Common upon certain Tracts or Parcels of Common and Walla Grounds, known by the Names of Moor and

Burrells Moor, otherwise Burrells Whims, lying and being within the said Manor; and that, if the said Common and Waste Grounds were divided in specific Allotments, and inclosed, the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners, and others interested therein, would be very considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Honywood, Sir Anthony Abdy, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and biing in, the fame.

General Honywood presented to the House, according Sand forJ, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common *« and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pasture, within the Inclosure-Manor of Sand ford, in the Parish of War cop, in the County of Westmoreland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Bridge. Setting forth, That, by the Violence of the Flood, upon the 17th of November last, in the River Tyne, the Bridge across the said River, from the Town of Gates-head, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Nexv-cast/e, was broken down in several Parts thereof, and rendered impafiable, and which, the Petitioner apprehends, should be repaired with all possible Expedition; and that, as One Third Part thereof hath of Right been, and ought to be, maintained by the Bishop of Durham for the Time being, the Petitioner conceives, that the gross Sum necessary to be employed therein ought to be raised out of, or secured upon, the Possessions of the See of Durham, or some competent Part thereof; and that the Petitioner and his Successors ought not to bear any greater Burthen than shall depend upon, or relate to, the Interest, or Annual Charge, resulting from the Principal Money so to be raised for the Purpose aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner and his Sue-cessors effectually to repair the said Part of the said Bridge, and, for that Purpose, to raise out of, or charge upon the Possessions of the said See, or some competent Part thereof, such Sum of Money as will be sufficient for that Purpose, in such Manner, and under such Rules; Restrictions, and Directions, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Major Egerton, Mr. Vane, &c.:

And they are to tfteet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the'Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

12 Geo. III. 26° Febmarii. 511

Frome A Petition of the several Trustees appointed to w *"d a Put 'n Execution an Act of Parliament* passed in the ^toad#.*r 3ot^ Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Someifet; and for giving further Powers to the Trustees in an Act, passed in the 2,5th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of in

the County of Wilts, to the City of in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, and of the Creditors under the said Act of the 30th Year of his said late Majesty, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act of the 30th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and have borrowed £. 7,000 on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Money collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the said Roads cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, and the Money repaid, unless the Terms and Powers thereby granted are further continued and enlarged; and alledging, that the Roads, from a Place called Skepheards Steps, to the Swan Inn, and to Houses in the Tenures of Mary Boivden and Eleanor Bailey, Widows (in the said Parish of Frome, and adjoining to other Parts of the Roads mentioned in the said Act) from the Road adjoining to the said House of the said Mary Bowden, over Blotch Bridge, and by the George Inn, or Alehouse, in the Woodlands, in the said Parish, to the CroJ's in the Town of Maiden Bradley, in the said County of Wand from thence Eastward to a Place called Reynold's Grave, leading to the Town of Warminster, in the said County of Wilts, Westward One Furlong beyond Middle Westham Gate, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, and Southward to Gallows Gate, in the said County of Wilts, adjoining or near to the Parish of Norton Ferris, in the said County of Somerset-, and from Blotch Bridge aforesaid, to the Horse and Jockey, leading from Frome to Longleat, in the said County of Wilts; and from the said George Inn, or Alehouse, to Bulls Quarries, adjoining to the Road leading from Frome to Brewtonfrom the House late of Mr. Robert Bleek, in the Town of Warminster, in the said County of Wilts, where the present Turnpike ends, to the West End of Chain Street, in the said Town, adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading from Warminster to Long Bridge Deveril, in the said County of Wilts; from the East End of Water Latte, where the present Turnpike ends, to a House called the King's Head, in the said Parish of Frome-, from the End of the present Turnpike Road leading to Nunney, to Nunney Church; from the First Cross Road Westward of Elm, adjoining to Part of the present Turnpike Roads, to a House at Coleford, in the said County of Somerset, now or late in the Tenure of William Heale-, and from the End of the present Turnpike leading from Frome, to the Town of Melts, to a Place called Standbrooks Ash, in the Parish of Melts, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places incommodious, and impassable for Carnages in the Winter, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ofdinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Adfc of the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the further Term of 21 Years from the Expiration of the aforesaid Act, and for repairing and widening the said additional Roads; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Vol. 33.

Hu fey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Lord’* thereunto subscribed, being of the Clergy, Traders, Day. Dealers, and others, residing within the Cities of dottand Westminster, and other Places within the Bills of

Mortality, on Behalf of themselves and all others within the said Cities and Places, and other Parts in the Kingdom of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by several Acts, of the First: of King James the First, the Third of King Charles the

First* and the Twenty-ninth of King Charles the Second, for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, certain Penalties are laid on all Persons who shall do or exercise any worldly Labour, Business, or Work of their ordinary' Callings, upon the Lord’s Day, or any Part thereof.

Works of Necessity and Charity only excepted; and that the Petitioners find the Powers in the said Acts insufficient, and the Penalties too ftnall to answer the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Acts above-mentioned; and that such other Relief may be given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night the 6th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Handborough Common Meadow's, Common Grounds, and Common- J"cl°fare. able Places, in the Parish of Handborough, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Wenman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Magistrates of Canongate, for Canongate themselves, and as representing the Community of the (Edinburgh) said Burgh, and of the Right honourable John Lord lighting, Colvil, for himself, and as Prasfes, and in Name of the other Heretors or Landholders within the said Burgh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Burgh of Canongate is the great Outlet from the City of Edinburgh, and lying without the Liberties of the Royalty, is not lighted along with the said City, and has not the Protection or Security arising from the City Guard; and it is therefore necessary, not only for the Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Burgh, but also of the Inhabitants of Edinburgh, and of all Persons referring to and from the said City by the Canongate, or its Dependancies of Pleasance and that the

Streets, Lanes, and Passages, of the said Burgh of Canongate, and its Dependancies, be properly lighted and cleansed, and a Watch established therein; and that Provision be made for lighting, cleaning, and watching, the said Burgh of Canongate, and its said Dependancies of Pleasance and Leithwynd, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, containing the necessary Powers and Provisions for lighting, watching, and cleaning, the said Burgh of Canongate, and its said Dependancies of Pleasance and Leithwynd, and for making the necessary Provision for defraying the Expence thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr.

512

26° Februarii. A. 1772.

Mr. Edmonstone, tec.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Astrop A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Open Inclosure, Common Fields of in the several Parishes of

King's Sutton and Newbottle, in the County of Northampton, and of the Commonable Land, Ground, and Tythes, lying and arising within the said Common Field, Liberties, and Precincts, of AJlrop aforesaid, within the Parishes aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners and others are seised, or otherwise possessed, of One large Open and Common Field, confiding of 77 Yard Lands, or thereabouts, together with some odd Lands, lying in the Liberties, Territories, and Precincts of A fir of aforesaid; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and of others, the Land Owners and Proprietors, aforesaid, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, in and over the said Common Field, and are most of them inconveniently situated; and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, aligning, and allotting, the said Common Field and Commonable Land, and for such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Met hut«, Mr. Thomas Edwards , and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

BerSreet ( A Bill for amending and widening the Road from (Norwich) Berstreet Gates, in the City of to New

Buckenham ^am' *n t*ie County of Norfolk, was read a Second Road. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. De Grey, Mr. Milles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ejrnefbury A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-and f holders, and other Inhabitants, residing in or near the Roads* several Towns and Parishes of Bedford, Cardington, Cople, Willington, Barford, and , in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting lorth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for repairing and widening the Road from St. Neot's, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Town of Cambridge-, and alledging, that the Road leading from the Town of Bedford, through the several Parishes aforesaid, to the Great Northern Road near Tempsford, is very much out of Repair, narrow in many Places, and at certain Seasons of the Year is impassable, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, for repairing and widening the said Road from Bedford, to the Northern Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Ongley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-neust, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Bill*. Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

5

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the federal Public and Private Bills following;

An Afor granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two:

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of North Crawley, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of C/areton with Coneyftrop, and a Piece of Waste Ground, called Shortfill, in the Manor of Allerion with F/axby, all in the County of York:

An Act to enable Henry Peyton, Esquire, lately called Henry Dashwood, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Peyton, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Peyton, Baronet, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Lewis De la Rive and Francis Menet:

An Act for naturalizing James

A Petition of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of Royston, Two uninclosed Commons or Moors, commonly called by the Names of West Moor and Low Common, situate within the said Township, and containing, in the Whole, 180 Acres or thereabouts, which lie Open, Commonable, and Uninclosed, incapable of any Improvement; and that, if the same were inclosed and divided, it would be of great Advantage to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Commons or Moors, according to every Person’s Rights therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir George Savile and Sir Cecil Wray do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir William Milner, Baronet, Richard Wilson, Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, Jeremiah Dixon, Esquire, and others, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, as well on Behalf of themselves, as of the rest: of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York, is referred.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, Report of Commissioners and Trustees for managing the annexed Forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of His MajestyV Treasury, which, by an Act of the 25th " Year of his late Majesty's Reign, is directed to be laid before both Houses of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,-to be perused by the Members of the House.

The

RoyfUo

Moon

Incktoe.

Voices: Air and Calder Navigation.

Forfeited

Eftite*

Scotland'

i2 Geo. III. a 6° Februarii. 513

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. , from the from the Commissioners of the Customs in , attended at

on<*rs of n~ the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Customs, to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 6th Day Scotland, of May, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantity of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter; and also of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greale: and also of the Number of Cattle; imported from Ireland into , since the ioth of October 1770, to the ioth of 1771, being as far

as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, exported from, or imported into, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 176 5 to Christmas 1767; distinguishing each Year, and each Place: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greale, imported into, and exported from, that . Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, since Christmas 1750, to the 25th March 1767; and from the 8th of December 1767 to the xoth of October 1771, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Rowe also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships, from,

have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged: and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th 1770 to the ioth

1771: And also.

An Account of all Cattle, and other Provisions, that have been exported from Scotland, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue, or in pursuance, of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted for that Purpose, by the Ad 11 George III. Cap. 37, to ioth 1771,

being as far as the same can be made up.

Mr. Rozvealfo, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Corn imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1765 to 1771, being

as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dowrrfcam Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, who Jive near the Highways and Roads leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Jtarn Market, in the County of Norfolk, to and through the several Parishes and Hamlets therein after mentioned, in the said County, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to Teport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Bartholomew Ramsay, and Mr. William being examined, said, That the ltoad leading from the East End of the said Bridge, in Market, to

the Queen's Head in Downham Market; and from the Vol. 33.

Chequer Inn, in DozvnhaiiiMarket, through the several

Parishes mentioned in the Petition, to the East End of the Bounds of the Parishes of Shouldham and,

near a Close called the Two Mile , and towards Watton, to a certain Place called D Ditch; is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Downham Market, to the Queen's Head-, and from the Chequer Inn, in Dozvnham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close in the Parish of Barton, and towards Watton, to a Place called The Devils Ditch, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. De Grey, Sir Edward AJlley. and Sir John Hynde Cotton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers ChristChurch of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of P*r*|? Christ Church, in Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto s,feetJe*

subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, dnd other public Passages and Places, within the said Parish, are not properly paved nor sufficiently cleansed, and are in general greatly obstructed by Nuisances; and that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting to the said Parish, if the same were properly paved and sufficiently cleansed, and all Nuisances and Obstructions removed therefrom,' and prevented for the future; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the Provisions of the Act of the nth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for lighting the Streets, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the said Parish, were consolidated with the Provisions for the first above mentioned Purposes; and that the Lane called Brick Lane (some Parts whereof are not within the said Parish of Christ Church') is a very great Thoroughfare for Carriages, and is at present much out of Repair and incommodious; and it would be of great public Benefit, to have the same properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and cleared of Nuisances and Obstructions: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Luttrell, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. '

A Petition of James Fergujfon, Provost, George Hut- Ayr chifon and William Mac Cormick, Baillies, and John - Harbour. chifon, Dean of Guild, of the Royal Burgh of Ayr, in Scotland, William Duff, David Fergufton, and John Murdoch, Common Councilmen of the said Burgh,

Robert Alexander and John Frazer, Baillies of the Burgh of Barony of Newtoun upon Ayr, William Ballantyne,

William Logan, John Campbell, James Hunter, and John Christian, Merchants and Traders in the said Burgh of Ayr, and James Mac Fie, present Conveener of the Trades of said Burgh, a Committee named and appointed by a General Meeting of the Council and Community of the said Burgh of Ayr, upon the Fifth Day of February 1772 Years, to make this present Application, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Harbour of Ayr hath of late Years been greatly choaked and filled up, whereby Ships and.

Vessels of Burthen are prevented from getting into the Pier or Quay, and are thereby exposed to many Hazards

6 P and

1

514 a 6° Februarii. \ 1772.

and Inconveniences; and that the Trade of the Burgh of Ayr, and adjacent Burgh of Newtoun Ayr, hath of late Years considerably increased, and a large Coal Trade hath been carried on to Ireland and other Parts, so that the Ships and Vessels trading to and from the Harbour of Ayr, are now much more numerous, and of larger Dimensions than heretofore, and the present Quay or Pier is by no means sufficient for their Reception, nor for the requisite and convenient Dispatch in loading and unloading the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining the said Harbour of Ayr, and for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers within the said Harbour, and for building or eroding a Dock or Docks, Dykes, and Locks, and additional Breads, Jettees, and Piers; and for regulating all Ships, Vessels, Barks, or Lighters, trading or coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for exading, collecting, levying, and receiving, such Tolls, Rates, and Duties, from all Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, coming into, or going out of, the said Harbour; and such Tax or Duty upon Wines and Spirits imported for Home Consumption, and upon Malt consumed within the said Towns and Neighbourhood, as shall be judged reasonable and expedient; and for giving unto the Pro-voft, Baillies, and Dean of Guild, of the Burgh of , theeldeft Baillie of the Burgh of Newtoun upon Ayr, the Sheriff of the County of Ayr, the Conveener of the Trades of Ayr, all for the Time being, and Eight more Directors, to be choien by the Subscribers to the Fund, such other Powers, Grants, and Privileges, as shall be necessary for executing and completing the Works aforesaid, and for maintaining, upholding, and keeping the same in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stuart, Mr. Edmonflone, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Viscount An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ligonier’s todiflolve the Marriage of the Right honourable Edward Divorce. Viscount Ligonier with P; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hou(e will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 5th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counfe!, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Childrey A Petition of the Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, in the University of Oxford, Robert Fettiplace, Inctofare an(^ Samuel Roy croft, Esquires, and others, whose Names

or Seals are thereunto respectively subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands in the several or respective Parishes of Childrey and Leteomb Bajfet otherwise Upper Letcomb, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parishes adjoin and lie open to each other, and that there are, within the same, certain Common Fields and Commonable Grounds, in which the Petitioners Lands lie intermixed, and very inconveniently situated; and that, if the same were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, a great Advantage would arise to the Proprietors

thereof, and Persons int^reded therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for tho(e Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vansittart and Admiral Craven do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Sandlm!!, thereunto subscribed, being Tenants of the Manor of *c.

Sandhnrfl, within His Majesty’s Fored of Windsor, in the TLr,r!-County of Berks, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Bill hath been brought in, to redrain the Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, for the Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, Annually, upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned; and represenling to the House, that the Petitioners have an indisputable unflinted Right of Common, over all the Wafie Grounds of the said Manor; and, by Custom, for Time immemorial, have also a Right to dig and cut Turves, Heath, Peat, and Fern, from off the said Waste Grounds, for Firing; and neither the present or any former Lord or Lords of the said Manor ever had any Right to cut Turves. Heath,

Peat, and Fern, from off the said Wades, for Sale; and that such cutting, by the present Lord of the said Manor, within these few Years pad, for Sale, has been of great Prejudice to the Depadurage on the said Wade for Cattle, and for the Feed and Preservation of His Majesty’s Deer; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend that they will, in a few Years, be deprived of any Advantage arising to them from their Right of Common as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be beard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law: or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear jud and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to redrain the Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, for the Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, Annually, upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mader, Wardens, and Aflidants, Sporn of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Ligiuhwfci. Strond, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Power was given to Leonard Thompson, of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York, to take down the old Lighthouses (landing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and to erect others indead thereof, according to the Plan and Edimate as should be given by the Petitioners, and who was to be entitled to One-tourth Part of the Dues and Duties arising from the same; and which Lighthouses, when built, were to be under the inspection of the Trinity

House

tl Geo. Ill* 26° Februariu51

House at Hull; and that; in same the said Leonard Thompson, or such other Person or Persons as should come into Possession of his Share in the Premisses, should neglect to perform the Works above mentioned* within Two Years afftr receiving such Plan and Estimate, then the Petitioners should cause the same to be completed, and that the Duties should then be vested in them, in Manner, and for the Time, mentioned in the said Act; and that the said Leonard hath proceeded to take down the old Lighthouses, and hath ere<5led Two temporary ones* but he, not being able to borrow a Sum sufficient to enable him to ered Two new Lighthouses, applied to the Petitioners, to do it, which they accordingly undertook, and are now proceeding with Diligence to finish the fame; and have expended several large Sums of Money, and will be under a Necessity to expend a further considerable Sum before the said Lighthouses and Works can be completed; and that the other Three-fourth Parts of the said Duties and Premisses are the Property of John Angell, of Stock well, in the County of , and no

Part thereof is vested in the Petitioners by the said Act, until the said Lighthouses shall be finished, and Lights placed thereon; and that the Petitioners have no Means of reimbursing themselves what they have already expended, by reason that the erecting and completing the said Two Lighthouses have been greatly obstructed and impeded by the said John Angell; and that the Petitioners think it highly necessary, that the said Two hew Lighthouses should be completed as soon as possible, and that the Expences already incurred by the said Corporation and the said Leonard Thompson should be repaid them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to veil the Duties granted by the said recited Act in the Petitioners, for the Purposes above mentioned, or to grant them such other Relief, and such further Powers, for effecting the good Purposes designed by the said Act, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Mr. Tur-

ner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bury Sir Charles Bunburyreported from the Committee, to

Sc Edmund’s whom the Petition of several of the Trullees appointed Roads. to pUt jn Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's to the Town of , in

the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County of Suffolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said was read: And,

Mr. John Harro/d, being examined, said. That some IProgress has been made towards carrying the said Act into Execution, and £.2,000 borrowed on the Credit thereof* which remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads put in proper Repair, except the Tolls are increased, the Term of the said Act enlarged, and further Powers given.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, nude in the Tenth Year of His Vol. 33.

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge and from the South End of the Ferry Street, in,

to Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County of Suffolk:

And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Sir John Griffin Griffin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Wantage, Freeholders, of the Counties of Berks and Wilts, living »Vc. in or near the Towns of Hungerford, in the said County Roads, of Berks, and Marlborough, in the said County of , was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Atfl made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty was read: And,

Mr. Samuel Hazvkes, being examined, said, That, by reason of the great Extent of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, the Number of Trullees are insufficient: That the Quarterly Meetings are all appointed to be held at Wantage, which would be more convenient to be held at different Places alternately:

And that the Act directs the Road to be repaired to the End of the Town of Marlborough, which Direction is not sufficiently accurate: And that the said Act is defective in many other Particulars.

Charles Bill, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from BeJJ'elJleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks-, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lamboum, in the said County of Berks: And that Mr. Penruddock and Mr. Edward Pophamdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Turnpike it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made j*’

in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, public

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Highway* Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Breadth of the Wheels of Carriages used upon Turnpike Roads, and to the Number of Horses allowed to be used therewith; and who were inllrudled to consider of much of the said Act as relates to Carriages drawn by Oxen or other Bealls of Draught; and who were also inllrudled to consider of so much of another Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to Carriages drawn on the said Public Highways, by Horses and other Bealls of Draught; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolu-tions of the Committee were read; and ate as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Carriages with Wheels of the Breadth of Six

Inches

260 Februarii. A. 1772.

Inches ought to be encouraged to pass on all Turnpike Roads, in preference to Carriages with narrower Wheels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Four Wheel Carriages, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and drawn by Six Horses, Mules, or Asses, be permitted to pass on all Turnpike Roads, on Payment of the Tolls, for every Horse, Mule, or A Is, drawing the fame, which are payable on every such Horse, Mule, or Als, drawing Narrow Wheel Carriages.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Carts with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses, Mules, or Asses, be permitted to pals on all Turnpike Roads, on Payment of the Tolls, for every Horse, Mule, or Afs, drawing the fame, which are payable on every Horse, Mule, or Afs, drawing Narrow Wheel Carriages.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two foregoing Resolutions shall not extend to Common Stage Waggons, or Carts, employed in carrying Goods by any Common Waggoner or Carrier, which are now subject to be regulated in the Price of their Carriage by an Act, passed in the Third Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made, that Carriages having the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, may be permitted to be drawn on Turnpike Roads, by any Number of Oxen, or other Neat Cattle, in Pairs, not exceeding Two Oxen or other Neat Cattle for One Horse, as far as the Number of Horses permitted by Law to draw in such Carriages, on Payment, for every Pair of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the same Tolls that are now payable for every Horse, Mule, or Afs, drawing such Waggons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Encouragement be given to Waggons and Carts, having Rollers of Sixteen Inches broad, to go upon all '1'urnpike Roads.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Waggons and Carts, having Rollers of Sixteen Inches broad, be exempted from the Payment of Tolls for Three Years.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 9th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Solihull, Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to Birmingham, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Rmtdi Freeholders, living and rel'iding in the several Towns, or on or near the ancient Road leading from through Solihull, in the County of to Kenil-

worth; and from a certain Place called Stone Bridge, in the Pari lb of Hampton-in-ar den, in the said County, to Baljall Common, there to unite to the said Road leading from or near Solihull to Kenilworth aforesaid; and from the South End of Kenilwor Town, by Chesjord , through the several Towns or Parishes of Cubbington and Off church, to Southern; and from Chesjord Bridge aforesaid, to Lev, liny:on Priors, in the said County of Warwick, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. JoJiua Harborne, being examined, said, That

the Roads from Birmingham, through Solihull, to Kenil-worih; and from Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton-in-arden, to Balfatl Common aforesaid, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow; and that the fame cannot be effectually amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

No Evidence was produced in regard to the Road from Kenilworth to Southam, or from Chejord Bridge to Remington Priors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a B ll for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road near Solihull, to the Guide Posts in Kenilworth-, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Baljall Common, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Skipwith and Sir Robert Ladbroke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, Lands, Commons, and other Properties and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet, Liberties, Precincts, and Territories, of Charlton, in the Parishes of Newbott/e and King's Sutton, or one of them, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common-Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the said Hamlet, Liberties, Precincts, and Territories, lie intermixed, and difperied in (mail Parcels; and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That John Skull do, upon Friday Morning next, attend the Committee, to whom the Bill to restrain the Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, for the Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, Annually, upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned, is committed; to give Evidence, in relation to the Matters contained in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas con-l'umed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in finaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America -, and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain-, and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes which have arisen upon the said Act of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

Charlton

Ioclo!ure.

Saodhurfi,

See.

Turves.

Teis,

Eilt ludia

CompiDT.

i 2 Ge6. III. 26° Februaru. t i

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chairs Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Brown* A Petition of Sir Roger Burgoyne, Baronet, and the cTchmed Right honourable Lady Frances his Wife, Thomas Mate. Colonel in His Majesty’s Regiment of Foot

Guards, and Ann Lucy his Wife, late Ann Lucy Spinster, Joyner Becher, of in the County of Berks, Gentleman, And Frederick Montagu? of

wick, in the County of , Esquire, being

offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, that-the House may do therein as they shall think proper; and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That Lieutenant General John Brown, late of Hubbards Hall, in the County of deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the i yth Day of April 1756, did (amongst other Things) give and devise his Houses in Fenchurch and Addle Streets, London, to the Charity of the Foundling Hospital; and he thereby appointed the said Lady Frances Burgoyne foie Executrix of his said Will; and that the said General Frown, by a Codicil to his said Will; dated the 23d Day of April 1756, did (if legal Forms should be wanting in his Bequest to the Foundling Hospital) give those Houses to Mrs. Ann Becher, (lie paying her Brother £. 500; and that the said Codicil was attested only by One Witness; and that the Petitioner, Ann Lucy (in the said Codicil called Ann Becher) in the Year s 763 intermarried with the Petitioner the said Thomas; and that the said John Brown died in the Year 1764, without Issue of his Body, and without having made any other Disposition of the said Houses; and that the said John Brown was the natural Son of General Henry Lumley, deceased, who was the Great Uncle of the Petitioner the said Lady Frances Burgoyne; and that the said Devise, by the said Will, of the said Houses to the Foundling Hospital was void in Law; and that the said Devise, by the said Codicil, to the Petitioner Ann Lucy Clarke could not take effect, as the said Codicil was not attested by Three Witnesses; and that, by Indenture of Four Parts, dated the 28th of March 1770, and made between the Petitioners Sir Roger Burgoyne and Lady Frances his Wife, of the First Part, the Petitioners Thomas Clarke and Am Lucy his Wife, of the Second Part, the Petitioner Joyner Becher, Brother of the Petitioner Ann Lucy Clarke, of the Third Part, and Henry Lake, of Sunning, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, of the Fourth Part; it was (amongst other Things) agreed, that the Parties should endeavour to procure an Inquisition to be found for veiling the said Houses in His Majesty; and after such Inquisition fl^ould be found, the Petitioners Thomas Clarke and Ann T-zccy his Wife, and Sir Roger Burgoyne and his

W'ife, should ule such other Means, by Application to B^urliamenf, or otherwise, in order that the said Houses might be granted to, or veiled in, the Petitioner Frederick &Jontagu, his Heirs and Assigns, upon Trull, to fell t be lame, and to apply the Money to arise by Sale thereof, in Manner, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned} and that, in consequence of a Writ which issued the 19th of April 1770, directed to the Lord Mayor of London, an Inquisition was taken at Guildhall, London, on the 16th of July 1771, whereby it was found, that the said John Brown died at Dison, in France, about the Beginning of the Year 1764, without any . Vo 1. 33.

Heir; and that he was, at his Death, seised in Fee of*

Two Messuages, in the Parish of Saint Gabriel, in the City of London, and of One Messuage in Addle in the Parish of Saint Faith the Virgin, Aldermanbury, in the said City, therein described: and that the said John Brown had made such Will and Codicil, of such respective Dates and Purports, and attested, as herfein-before mentioned )and the Lord Mayor of London,

Escheator of His Majesty within the City, did thereby certify, that he had seized the said Three Messuagpd* with their Appurtenances, into the Hands of His Majesty } and that the Inheritance In Fee Simple of the said Houses, now vested in the Crown, cannot be effect ually granted or disposed of, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Flis Majesty to grant the said Houses, now escheated to the Crown, unto the said Petitioner Frederick Montagus his Heirs and Assigns, upon the Trull, and for the Purposes, mentioned in the said Indenture of the 28th of March 1770, it) such Manner as to the House shall seem meef, and the Nature and Circumstances of the same may require.

Otdoed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 5th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

<0 consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty^ be now lead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made. That the Report which wai tmde from the Commiltee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1772, be re'-ferred to the said Committee;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision, for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of thei Militia, for the Year 1772, as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,-That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Tfuyt *n4 next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *e*n». to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

.And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6 Q

Lftutier's

Nat.

St Martinet (Westnnnffer) Worlchoulc.

Fincham

Inclosure.

West Hal too

Inclosure.

18

if Februarii: . 772.

Jovis, 27* dieFebruarii;

Anno 12* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772. Prayers.

fXOHN

J order

Lewis Lautier took the Oaths appointed, in

to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, and Overseers of the Poor, of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and re^d; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for building a new Workhouse, and other necessary Buildings and Conveniences, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, and other Purposes; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made a considerable Progress in the several Works before mentioned; but find the Money they are authorized to raise for those Purposes is not sufficient for completing the fame; and that, unless the Petitioners are enabled to raise a further Sum of Money, the said Act cannot be carried into Execution; and that several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made thereto; and that Power should be given to contract for the Employment of the Poor for a certain Term: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and to enable the Petitioners to raise a further Sum of Money, and to Vlo and perform the several Works aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities for those Purposes as the House shall think fir.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Percy, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Aftley, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half-year Inclosures, and Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Fincham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Reverend Spencer Madan, Doctor of Divinity, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of WestHalton, in the County of Lincoln, and of William WatJ'on, Gentleman, Lessee of the Right Worshipful the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Westminster, Lord of the Manor of West Halton aforesaid, and a Proprietor of great Part of the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Lordfiiip, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Manor and Lordfiiip of West Halton, there are certain

Open uninclosed Arable Fields and Common Pastures, containing together 1,200 Acres, or' thereabouts; and that the Lands lie intermixed, and in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are capable ‘of very little Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing of the said Fields and Common Pastures, in the Lordfiiip of West Halton aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunder written. Proprietors of Commonable Houses, Toft-steads, and Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, on the Behalf of themselves and others,- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is in the said Parish, a Common Fen, containing 3,448 Acres and 23 Perches, or thereabouts, and also several Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlozv Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunder written. Proprietors of Commonable Houses, Toft-steads, and Lands, in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln, on the Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That there is, in the said Parish, a Common Fen, containing 994 Acres 1 Rood and 34 Perches, or thereaboyts, and also several Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands; which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunder written. Proprietors of Commonable Houses, Toft (leads, and Lands, in the Parish of Sutterton, in the County of Lincoln, on the Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House and read: Setting forth, That there is in the said Parish, a Common Fen, containing 2,488 Acres 2 Roods and 23 Perches, or thereabouts, and also several Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous, to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr.

Kirton

Indoforc.

Wigtoft

Iaclofurt

SattertOQ

Inclosure.

12 Geo. III. 27° Februarii. 519

Aldcnmfioa Mr. Congreve presented to the House, according to - w Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads &c*° frora Aldtrmafton, in the County of Berks, to Bajingfoke, Itgada. a|)d to the Turnpike Road from Bajingjioke to,

and to the Turnpike Road leading to at

Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

9urlton, a Petition of the Gentlemen, and principal Inha- — bitants, and Laud Owners, of, and contiguous to, the Village or Towns of Bur It on,

ton, Knockin, and Llanymyn, in the County of Salop,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Bur/ton to Morton, by Mear Bank and Boreaton, through Byton and to the Road between Shrewsbury and , and

from thence, through the Town of Knockin, by and through Maefbrook, to that Part of the Road leading from Pool to Oswestry, which lies in the Town of Uany-mynech, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave piay be given to bring in a Bill for refairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from Bur/ton, in she County of Salop, through Knockin, to,

in the same County, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it iSiall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Congreve, Sir Henry -man, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Lobcombe An ingrossed Bill to continue and enlarge the Term Corner, an(j powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of WinterJlow, to Bridge, in the County of Wilts’, and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sartim, to the Parishes of Landfurd and Brook, and from thence to Ealing-, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Tejlwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Bumfey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhwrjl-, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing the Footways within the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of WinterJlow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts-, and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to;

ar»cJ from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Fefl-vuood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton-, ar»<J for repairing and widening the Road from the Bumfey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis

F~ry, to Lyndhurst; and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton -, and for repairing the Footways within the said City.

Ordered, That the Lord Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Great A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, and Rector of Paunton (be Parish, of Great Paunton otherwise Great Ponton, laclofuie. jjie County of Lincoln, and of other Persons, being . VOL. 33.

Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That an Indenture was executed on or about the 27th of November 1717, for confirming Articles of Agreement made for inclosing and allotting the Common Pasture, and Part of the then Open Fields, within the said Manor and Parish, and that the same is completed; but the Whole of the Lands are Hill liable to Payment of Tythes; and that there are yet remaining, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open Fields, a Heath, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and establish the said Indenture, and the several Matters therein contained, except such Parts thereof as shall be thought necessary to be altered, and for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, puf-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there- Ramsgate unto subscribed, being Trustees appointed in pursuance Harbour, of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress has been made towards making and finishing the said Harbour, which, when done, will be very useful and commodious, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been expended in carrying on the said Works; and that several Sums of Money have been raisijd, by Sale of Annuities chargeable on the Duties imposed by the said Act, and another Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by which the Sum off. 50,000 by the said First-mentioned Act authorized to be raised by Sale of Annuities, is increased to £. 70,000, and the Whole of the Annuities now payable in respect thereof, to the surviving Annuitants, amount together to the Yearly Sum of £.4,482 1 Of.; and that, from the Time of the first collecting of the said Duties, until very lately, all Ships and other Vessels passing by the said Harbour, whether they passed through the Downs or not, were considered as liable to the Payment of the fame; but it hath been lately judicially determined, that such Ships and Vessels passing by the said Harbour, and not passing through the Downs, are not, by the said First-mentioned Act, subject to the Payment of the said Duties; and that, since the said Determination, the Duties have fallen short of railing Money sufficient to answer the Purposes intended by the said Act, although the Petitioners have settled and imposed the Duties by the said Act directed to the full Amount thereof, which hath been, and Hill continue to be, a Burthen upon the Trade of this Kingdom, and principally on the City of London: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to amend and explain the said Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign; and that the Duties thereby authorized to be collected may be charged on all Ships coming into, or passing through, the Narrow Seas between Doves- and Calais, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it flhall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Trecothick, JVfr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers,

520 ij° Februa. i7?4-

Papers, and Records; and all who Come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Qjieen’j General Grreme reported from the Committee, fO whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Road. to Put 'n Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's through the Towns

of Iteuerkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry to the Town of Dunfermline, Torryburnand; and also the

Road from the said Queen s Ferry, through Invei keithing, to BruiUifiand and Kirkaldie, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

John Adam, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Roads; but that there is a large Sum of Money owing on the Credit of the said Act, and that it will be impossible to complete the Repairs of the said Roads, and pay off the Money owing, unless the said Act be further continued.

That the said Act is defective in many Particulars, and particularly in regard to the Method of holding Meetings, and in requiring Three Commissioners from each County to make a Quorum.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen s Ferry to the Towns of D, Torryburn, and C#/-ross; and also the Road from tire said Queen's , through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and And that General Grreme, General Scott, and Mr. Demp-Jier, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Enfield An ingrafted Bill to continue, and render more Hertford e^e^ua^* several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Roads. Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and also for repairing the Road from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the said County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and also for repairing the Road from the End of the Town of Hertford, to Amwell End, near Ware, in the said County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hatton’s An ingrafted Bill to enable Mary and William Hutton, Name, and the other Persons therein described, to take and use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Long, pursuant to the Will of James Long, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Mary and William Hutton, and the other Persons therein described, to take and use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Long, pursuant to the Will of James Long, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Musgrave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Janies Lamanand others. Proprietors AntigaiUu* of the late Antigallican Private Ship of War, on Behalf Rrirttew. of themselves, the Officers and Crew of the said Ship, and their lawful Prize The Penthievre; a French Ship from China, worth near £. 300,000, which have been illegally seized in the Bay of Cadiz, and uftjuftly given up to the F>ench, by the Order of the Court of Spain, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, at the Expence of £. 10,453, fegaBy fitted out the above-mentioned Private' Ship of War, of which William Fofier was Commander, who proceeded upon his Cruize from the Port of London, an<i on the 26th of December 1756, fairly and legally toolc the above-mentioned Prize, after a long and obstinate Engagement, more than Five Leagues distant from any Part of the Territories of Spain; and that Captain Fofier, on the 24th of January following, carried the Priie into the Bay of Cadiz, where the French Prisoners, in the Presence of the Frenth Consul, acknowledged the Legality of the Capture; and that# on the 28th of February, the Prize was legally condemned at on the voluntary Evidence of the French Officers and Marines; and that, on the ad of March, the Prize was violently taken from the lawful Captors, with the most unparalleled Acts of Barbarity, whereby One of His Majesty’s Subjects was killed, and Seven wounded, by the Spaniards, in the Bay of Cadiz; and that Captain Fofier was seized in the House of the British Consul at Cadiz, and forced to a very close and dismal Prison, as also were his Officers and Crew, who were confined there several Days, without any Allowance, even of Bread or Water, being treated worse than Felons, though they had given no kind of Offence; and that the Governor of Cadiz restored the Prize to the French, after she had been legally condemned; and the British Colours struek, with the greatest Mark of Contempt, by treading them under Foot, kicking them about, and tearing them to Pieces; and that His Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz acquainted Sir Benjamin Keene, by Letter of the 5th of March, th3t he was in the greatest Consternation imaginable; because, fays the Consul, " I have seen the Flag of my Royal Matter " insulted, our Nation degraded, our Treaties violated,

" the Lustre of our Sovereign’s Crown tarnished and " despised, and my House invaded; and as there is no Minister here of greater Dignity than myself, I consider the Affront and Insult, done and offered to my " Person, as an Indignity on the Sacred Person of my " Royal Matter;" and that the British Consul at Cadiz and Captain Fofier protested against this illegal and arbitrary Way of Proceeding, which. Sir Benjamin Keene said, " was so irregular, unreasonable, and unprecedented, that it would neither bear Light nor Justification;" and that His Majesty’s Minister, the Secretary of the Etnbafly, and Consuls in havfc in

vain made the strongest Remonstrances against these Proceedings to His Catholic Majesty; and the Petitioners have been put to the Expence of many Thousand Pounds, in endeavouring to procure Justice at the Court of Spain; and the Council of War at Madrid were appointed to take Cognizance of this Affair; but that Council was not assembled till the 9th of March, when they had their first Conference, though the Prize was violently forced from the legal Captors Seven Days before, and no Opportunity was given them to make their Defence; and that Sir Benjamin ’ applied to His Catholic Majesty, for Justice to be done the Petitioners; and informed the Right honourable Mr.

Secretary Pitt, he hoped the Prize would be restored to Captain Fofier in a few Days, as the Depositions of the French Officers were so strong, that the French could not have any thing to lay, that could prevent her being deemed a just and lawful Prize; and that infupcrable Difficulties were laid upon Captain Fofier, to prevent him from making his necessary Justiftcations; and he was ordered to produce all his Proofs in the short Term

of

12 Geo. III. $7° Februariu 5^1

of Three Days, which was infilled upon in a peremptory Order, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Manner, though it was strongly opposed by the British Table.

Ambassador and Consuls; and that the Governor of

Cadiz, who was appointed to take the Proofs and Justifi- A Petition of the Right honourable Brownlow Dari Aidmnekl* cations of Captain Foster in Thfee Days, never appeared of Exe, and also the humble Petition of the several for that Purpose; but ordered his Catholic Majesty’s Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Notary at War to examine the Witnesses against the the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the Petitioners, and refused to hear any of Captain Foster't Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com*

Witnesses, though he had a great many to produce, monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Aldwinckle, in that could have fully proved the Legality of the Prize; the County of Northampton, whs presented to the House, and that, on the ill of August 1757, it was decreed, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Peti-that The Penthievre, and her Cargo, should be imme- tioners and others, in the said Open and Common Fields

diately delivered to the French, without admitting any and Places, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Par-further Application; and that the French should be eels; and are, in their present Situation, incapable of heard, with respect to the Damages resulting from her any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same Detention, which Captain Fofter should be bound to were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantage* answer; and that the British Consul at Madrid, on the ous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore 5th of August, wrote to the British Consul at Cadiz, in praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

these Words, " Sir, The Completion of Iniquity has at for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as " lad taken place, and our Enemies have triumphed the House shall direct.

" over Law, Honour, and Equity, with the Resolu- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in d Bill, pur —

" tion which his Catholic Majesty has been pleased to suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

" take, by ordering The Penthievre to be entirely given Kynajlonand Sir Dolben, do prepare, and bring " up to the French, as I have learnt from private In- in, the fame. tc formation and public Report; no Communication of

" this Resolution having been made to His Majesty’s A Petition of Conrad , was presented to the Rocter’i

" Ambassador, though several of his Offices upon the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to Nat.

" Subject are still unanswered: The Issue of this Affair bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

M has been so long foreseeu, by every Step that has at- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, actended it, that, I dare say, it will not surprize you, cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

" any more than it has His Majesty’s Servants here, Hanmer and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the

" though no other Reason can be given for so strafige fame.

a Procedure than. Sic volo, Jic jubeo."And that, the

British Consul at Cadiz, on the 10th of August, replied A Petition of the Impropriator, and Lord of the Wroughton by Letter, " That the Sentence had not surprized him. Manor, of the Parish of in the County of Jndofure*

as he had long expected it would be such as it had Wilts, and of the several Owners or Proprietors of Lands,

proved; but it hurt him much, to fee what Methods Commons, and Estates, in the Open and Common " had been made use of, from the very Beginning of Fields of that Part of the said Parish of *» the Affair, to bring it to such a Conclusion;" and he which is in the Hundred of Eljlub on ,in the said

declared, that Redress for so much Wrong and In- County of Wilts, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, justice shewn to the Petitioners was only to be fought was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, for, and expected at Home; and that, on the 1 ith of That the Estates of the Petitioners and others in the August, the Governor of Cadiz forcibly took Possession said Open and Common Fields, in that Part of the said of The Antigallican, in the Name of his Catholic Ma- Parish of Wroughton, which is in the Hundred of Eljlub jesty; in consequence of which, the Crew were obliged on Everly aforesaid, lie intermixed, and dispersed over to trull themselves in an opeh Boat, to seek Protection the whole Fields in small Parcels; and that the same in Portugal-, and that, on the 13th of August, his Ca- are incapable of Improvement in their present Situa* tholic Majesty issued an Order of Permission, for the tion: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given French to lell the Cargo of The Penthievre; and all fur- to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ther Representations that were made by the British Am- and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

baflador and Consuls, in Behalf of Captain Foster, for a Ground, and Waste Ground, of and in that Part of the fair and open Hearing, were disregarded and rejected; Parish of Wroughton, which is in the said Hundred of upon which, the Petitioners entered a formal Protest Eljlub on Everly, in the County of Wilts, according to against all the Proceedings of the Court of Spain; and each Person’s Right in the fame, in such Manner as to that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that the House may seem meet.

His Majesty’s Ministers at London and Madrid, and also Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill*

the British Consuls in Spain, were thoroughly sensible pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that of the Legality of the Prize, and of the Injustice done Mr. Alexander Popham and Mr. Feilde do prepare, and to the Petitioners, whose private interests are inseparable bring in, the fame, from the Honour of His Majesty, and the public In-

tcrefts of the British Nation; and that the Petitioners, Mr. Amcotts presented to the House, according to LowTovatoa at the Conclusion of the last War, laid this their hard Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields Inelofare. same before His Majesty, who was pleased to order His and Commonable Places, in the Parish, Lordship, or then Minister, the late Lord Egremont, to charge the Liberties, of Low Toynlon, in the County of Lincoln t late Duke of Bedford, then at Paris, to have it made an And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Article in the Preliminaries of Peace; which Command Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time* of His Majesty’s was not put in Execution for Three

Weeks after, when the Preliminaries were settled and Mr. Hanmer reported from the Committee, to whom Denfliaoger, signed by the respective Ministers: And therefore pray- the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Coming. That they may receive such Redress and Satisfac- mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, nc tion, as the House shall think proper, for the great Common Grounds, and Commonable Land, within the Loss and Damages the Petitioners have sustained; and Hamlet of Denjhanger, in the Parish of PaJJenham, in that the Petitioners may be relieved in such Manner as the County of Northampton, was committed; That the the House shall think Vequisite, and to which it shall Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, bethought the Petitioners are entitled from the Nature and found the same to be true; and that the Parties of their Cafe. concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to th?

Vol. 33. 6 R Satisfaction

t

22 27° Februarii: 1772.

Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 50 Acres of Land, and One Cottage having Common Right, who refused to sign the Bill j and that the Fields intended to be inclosed contain about 906 Acres, and that there are Eight Cottages which have Right of Common; and that no Perl'on appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and'he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Plymouth A Petition of many Owners and Proprietors of Lands Paving, &c. and Estates, within the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the Freemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and of far the greatest Part of the very numerous Inhabitants, Freemen, and Trades-people, within the Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving and lighting the Streets of Plymouth, many of the Petitioners have been grievously oppressed; and that under Colour of the said Act, certain Sums of Money have been unequitably laid on some Parts of the Lands within the Town and Borough, whilst other Parts have been left free; and great Numbers of the Inhabitants and Trades-people within the Town have had Money illegally extorted from them, and in a Manner utterly unknown to them before the passing of the said Act; and that it is apprehended, the Ad is a manifest Violation of the Town’s Charter; and representing to the House, that, by the ancient Charters granted to the Mayor and Corporation, they have full Authority to put in Execution every necessary and needful Purpose, for the good Government and real Benefit of the Town and Corporation: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Soulbury, Mr. Haunter reported from the Committee, to whom ic* the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-nc 0 ure. mQn pjcj<js> Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Liberties of Soulbury, with the Hamlet of Hollindon, in the County of , was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Mrs. Kent, whose Property consists of Ten Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except Sir Stanhope, who is abroad

in Italy, whose Property consists of One Acre; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 2,275 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

p^eemenV Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Admissions. regulating the AdmilEon of Freemen into Corporations: 9

And that Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Alexander

Mr. Cornwall, and Mr. Fetlde, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto sub- Brampton feribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of lncl°iwe. Lands, in the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Commons, of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Commons, lie intermixed, and difperl'ed in ftnall Parcels, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ongley and the Lord Ludlow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing John L Lautier, was read Laatiw’i a Second Time. Na-

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to en- Bafhrd quire into the State of Settlements gained by Bastard Childiec. Children, born in Lying-in Hospitals, and other Houses of public Charity; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Joseph Maw-bey, Sir Charles Whitworth, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

General Vernon reported from the Committee, to Skeffingtw whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Skeffington, and County of Leicester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Comtpon«Fields, Mtnton within the Parish of Manton, in the County of Lcloture.

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Mr. Hopkins, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee bad directed

tchmond

Bridge.

Bark.

i 2 Geo. III.

270 Februarii.

523

rested him to report to the House; which he read in should think proper to takeoff the Duty on imported his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Bark, and lay a small Tax on Bark exported, it would Table: Where the same was read; and is as fjollow- secure this valuable Trade Abroad, reduce the Price of eth; viz. Leather at Home, and add considerably to the Revenue 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And therefore praying the House, to take the Pre-That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of= mises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief there* the Militia, and for their Subsistence, during the Time in as the same of the Petitioners shall require, and as to they shall be absent from Home on account of the An- the House shall leem meet.

nual Exercise, for the Year 1772* , That the said Petition be referred to the

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the mine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Charles Whit-

worth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn* ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have-Voices.

House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of William,

Esquire, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl of Sandwich, First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Irelancf^ and others, Commissioners or Governors of the Royal. Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That he Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when Kent, assembled in a General Court, was presented to' the House will please to receive the same. the House, and read; Setting forth. That their Ia.te

Ordered, That the Report be now received. Majesties King William and Queen Mary did grant to

Mr. Burrell accordingly reported from the said Com- Sir John Somers, Knight, and others, a certain Building mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to at Greenwich, for the Purpose of converting the same move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill into an Hospital for the Reception and Maintenance of for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Servica Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite of their Country; and that their late Majesties, Queeu Shore, in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His jm. King George the First, King George the Second, and Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Rich- His present Majesty, by their Letters Patent under the mond aforesaid to William Windham, Esquire, in Fee Great Seal, did appoint certain Persons, therein named. Simple. to be Commissioners for carrying on and completing

And Mr. Burrell moved the House accordingly; the Buildings of the said Hospital, and for other Pur-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for poses; and that the several Commissioners named in building a Bridge across the River Thames, from Rich- such Letters Patent have, as far as they Were able, exe-mond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, cuted the several Powers thereby committed to them; in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Ma- and that Part of the Revenues of the said Hospital jesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond arises from some Freehold Estates, devised to the said aforesaid to William Windham, Esquire, in Fee Simple: Hospital before the making the late Statute of Mort-

And that Mr. Burrell and Sir Charles Whitworth do pre- main; and such Revenue would have been greatly in-pare, and bring in, the fame. creased, as the Petitioners apprehend, by Devises, Gifts,

and Bequests of u'ell-disposea Persons, desirous of assist-A Petition of the Tanners in and near the City of ing the said Charity, if the Commissioners or Governors London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Tan- of the said Hospital had been incorporated by Statute,

Greenwich

Hofplul.

ners in Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in consequence of the Act of the Ninth of His present Majesty, a great Quantity of Hides have been imported into this Kingdom, and the Slaughter in England since that Time has been ’greatly increased; but that the great Scarcity and exorbitant Price of Oak Bark, which is advanced from 7. for. to j£. 12. per Load of Hatch, hath prevented

the Advantages to be hoped either from Home Consumption or an Export Trade; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the present Scarcity cf Bark, not near suffi-cienr to supply the Trade, arises from the great Decreale ot Oak Timber, the grubbing up Underwoods to turn into Pasture and Corn, and the large Proportion of Winter-felled Timber every Year for the Navy and private Ship-builders, the Bark of which is thrown away, and also the free Exportation of Bark for the Use of Foreign Manufactures; and that the Petitioners fear, that, unless some Remedy is loon applied, the inevitable Consequence must be, the Loss of the Export Trade, not only greatly beneficial, as being the Produce of

and thereby enabled to accept Devises of Lands, and to ' have made Purchases with such Gifts and Bequests; and that the Petitioners also apprehend, that the incorporating of the said Commissioners or Governors would tend to the better enabling them to prosecute the good Ends of the said Charitable Institution, the better Government of the said Charity, and the better Management of the Revenue of the said Hospital: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Royal Hospital, by the Name and Style of " Guardians of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of " Kent-," or that the Petitioners may have such other Aid in the Premises as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of cemetery.

Maiy-le*

Bone

Church

and

our own Country worked up here, but also retaining His present Majesty, intituled, An Act; for building a a Duty ot 6 s. per Cwt. on Exportation, instead of new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish which, for want of this Material, great Numbers of Church a Chapel, for making a Coemetery or Church Raw Hides have lately been exported; and that the Yard, and for building an House for the Use of the Duty on the Importation of Foreign Bark is so heavy, Minister of the Parish of Saint in the

as to amount to a Prohibition; and that, if the House County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and Voi.. 33, read;

Much Wen lock, &c. IttdoAire

524 270 — 28° Februarii. A. 1771-

read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act, the Petitioners are empowered to cause a Church and Steeple to be built upon certain Lands therein particularly described, and to cause the Ground in the said Act mentioned, or such Part thereof as Should be thought necessary, to be taken in and inclosed for a Cemetery or Church Yard; and that the Petitioners find it will be more convenient, and a considerable Benefit to the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish, that the intended new Church Should be built upon another Piece of Ground than therein described; and another Piece of Ground appropriated for a Cemetery for the said Parish instead of the Ground in the said Act mentioned; and that the Petitioners have made some Progress in the Execution of the Trulls in them reposed; but cannot effectually complete the Purposes thereby intended, unless the Said Act is in other Reipefts amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That they may have Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House Shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

tagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Muck Wen/ock, otherwise Wenlock Magna, otherwise Great in the County of

Salop, and Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church, and Impropriator of the Great Tythes, within the Said Manor, and also Proprietor of great Part of the Lands and Common Fields lying within the said Manor, and also, as Lord thereof, of a certain large Tract of Land called Westwood Common, the Reverend Stephen

erck. Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish, and of Brooke Forester, Esquire, and others. Proprietors of Lands within tire said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and others interested therein, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That, within the said Manor, there are certain Open and uninclosed Parcels of Arable and PaSture Ground, and also a large Trait of Land, called Westwood Common, containing, by Estimation, 350 Acres, or thereabouts; and also several Inclosed Grounds, the Property of which, as well as of the Unindofed Grounds, is not at present fully ascertained; and that the said Lands lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to all Persons interested, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Common and Common Fields, within the said Manor, and also for ascertaining the Property of each of the respective Owners in and to the said Inclosed and Unindofed Grounds, in such Manner as to the House Shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Mr. Baldwyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have paSTcd a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Hugh Lewis, with Susannah Hale, otherwise Heale, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing the Rights of the Electors of Great Britain, with respect to the Eligibility of Persons to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

{Mr. Thomas Edwards Freeman,

Mr. Dundas:

So it passed in the Negative.

181.

Ekflon.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eewii’i to diSTolve the Marriage of Hugh Lewis with Susannah Dl,orc*-Hale, otherwise Heale, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Februarii',

Anno 12* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, Exciqw from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1771.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To

12 Geo. III.

28 °Februarii.

5 2 5

x

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills. " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one."

THE Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Eight Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 28th Day of February 1772.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allot -Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. ing, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and Fen Grounds,

£oara Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, within the Manor and Parish of in the County

Ciuu^c. to whom the Petition of several of the Owners of Com- of Lincoln: And that Lord' Brownlow Bertie and Mr. monable Houses and Toftsteads, irj the Towns of Wliichcot do prepare, and bring in,‘the fame.

Bourn, "Dyke, and Cawthorpe, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, having Right Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- Grrae upon, and being otherwise interested in, a certain Parcel cording to Order, a Bill to confirm and establish an In- p*»ntoo of Land, lying in the^ow/^ Fen, within the said Manor denture of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing le- Inclosure, and Parish, and now used and enjoyed by the Owners veral Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Manor.and of such Houses and Toftsteads as a Cow Pasture, and Parish of Great Paunton, in the county of ;

also of several other Persons, interested in the Fen and for dividing and inclosing several other Common Lands and other Grounds within the said Manor and Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the same Manor Parish of Bourn, was referred } That the Committee had and Parish: And the same was received; and read the examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had di- First Time.

rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where An ingrossed Bill for lighting such Part of the Town jflington the same was read j and is as followeth} viz. of as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lighting and

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an in the County of and for establishing a

Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His pre- regular Nightly Watch therein; was read the Third at< lent Majesty, for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and Time.

draining several Open and Common Fields, Mea- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title dows, Waste, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and be, An Act for lighting such Part of the Town of IJling-Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, was read: ton as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, , in the

And, County of Middlesex-, and for establishing a regular

An Extract from the Award made in pursuance of Nightly Watch therein, that Act was produced, whereby it appeared, that 877 Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver do carry the Bill Acres of Land were allotted to the Towns of Bourn, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dyke, and Caivthorpe, for a Cow Pasture: And,

Daniel Douglas, Esquire, being examined, laid. That A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Pancrat the said Cow Pasture is liable to be frequently over- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of (Tottenham flowed, and is at this Time entirely under Water; and several Grounds and Houses, and Inhabitants of that that it would be much more valuable to the Persons Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Nightly having Right of Common thereon, if the same was Middlesex, as lies and is situated on the West Side of Tot- Watch, drained and divided into specific Allotments, amongst tenham Court Road, in the same Parish and County, was the Persons entitled to the fame. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That

And he added. That the former Act has been found the said Parish is very large and exrenfive; and that in many Retpefts defective. such Part thereof as lies on the West Side of Tottenham

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Court Road, or the greatest Part thereof, is wholly new

for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a certain Parcel built, and in building; and that, in Process of Time,

of Land, called or known by the Name of The Cow the same yvill probably be more extensively built upon

Pajiurc, lying in the South Fen, in the Parish of Bourn, than at present; and that Percy Street, Windmill Street, in the County of Lincoln-, and for amending and ren- Goodge Street, Stephen Street, and Grejfe Street, are all dering more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of of them public Ways, leading from Tottenham Court Vol. 33. 6 S Road,

5 26 2 8* rebru . 1772.

through Charlotte Street, to the interior Parts of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the new Buildings in the Parish of Mary le; and that, by reason thereof, and of the great Number of Carriages passing through the said Streets, the Pavements thereof are continually repairing; and that the Pavements in general, through the Whole of the Streets, Courts, Alleys, and other public Passages, in that Part of the said Parish, are in a ruinous Condition; and that the Petitioners conceive, it would be of great Benefit to have the same new paved: and that, from the Vicinity of that Part of the said Parish to Tottenham Court Road, and the Fields thereunto adjoining, the same is dangerous, as being liable to disorderly People; and therefore the Petitioners apprehend, if a Nightly Watch was to be established, and a Power granted to remove Nuisancesand Incroachments, and to prevent the same for the future, and if the said Streets were regularly cleansed, lighted, and watered, it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners and others, the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Parish., as well as to the Public in general; and that the paving and repairing of such Part of Tottenham Court Road as lies in the said Parish, is under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners of the Turnpikes, but that the same is in a very bad Condition, and the Petitioners are desirous of taking the same under their Management, upon receiving from the said Commissioners an annual Payment, and being exempted from the Rate at present imposed upon the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching, the said several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, in that Part of the said Parish as lies on the West Side of Tottenham Court Road, and for^mpowering the Petitioners to treat with the said Commissioners for an Annual Payment for the Considerations above specified; and that the Gom-njissioners may also be empowered to enter into and complete the same, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, and with such proper Clauses therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hopkins, Colonel Fitzroy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Frome Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee,

irminster 1° whom the Petition of the several Trustees appointed

Roads/ to Put *n Execution an Act of Parliament, palfed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset; and for giving further Powers to the Trustees in an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, and of the Creditors under the said Act of the 30th Year of his said late Majesty, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And ' Mr. William Barnes, being examined, said, That the Sum ofjf. 7,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Tolls collected, has been applied towards repairing the said Roads; but that the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act -are continued -and enlarged.

And the Witness further said, That he knows the several other Roads, described in the Petition, adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act (being Sixteen Miles, or thereabouts) which are in a ruinous Condition, in l'ome Places very narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being; the repairing of which Roads will amount to about 1,500.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the 25th and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the .-Roads leading from tire Towns of Frome and Warminster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts', and for repairing and widening several other Roads,-therein described, in the said Counties: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte and Mr. Coxe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonel Pringle reported from the Committee, to whom Bewick,

the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of * the Gentlemen Heretors, in the County of Berwick, was 0 referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed the Committee, That the Roads from the Confines of the County of at

or near Banglmtje Walls, to Compton's Lanes, and from Swinton Quarries to Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from White law Muir to Compton's Lanes, are so narrow and ruinous as to be almost impassable, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Banghouse to

Compton's Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Comptons Lanes, in the County of Berwick: And that Colonel Pringle, Sir George Suttie, and Sir James , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Canorrirt Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates of (Edinbwgk) Canongate, for themselves, and as representing the Com- Streets, munity of the said Burgh, and of the Right honourable John Lord Colvil, for himself, and as Praeles, and in Name of the other Heretors or Landholders, within the said Burgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table r Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Phineas Hall, being examined, said. That the Burgh of Canongate is the great Outlet from the City of,

and lies without the Liberties of the Royalty; that if the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, of the said Burgh of Canongate and its Dependancies of Pleajance and -wyndwas properly lighted, cleansed, and watched, it would tend to the Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Burgh and to the Inhabitants of Edinburgh-, and also to all Persons resorting to arid from the said City, by the Canongate; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

iVftcham

iaclosure.

Free

Maib»r«

Marine

Society.

12 Geo. III. 28° Februar 527

and other Passages, of the Burgh of antLihe

Liberties of Pleasance and Ladjoining to the

Royalty of the City of Edinburgh: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Sir Alexander do pre-r

pare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half-year Incloi'ures, and Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Fine ham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half-year Inclosures, and Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Brickdale presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for incorporating and well governing the Society of Free and Accepted Masons; apd for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Thoru/ou, Robert Nett let on, John Lodge, Thomas IV,jlker, Bast on Long, Thomas Nash, John Dorr ten, John Blackburn, James Mathias, Jonas Fowler Walker, John Anthony Rucker, John SYnith% and Andrew Thomson, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and

others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That divers of the Petitioners, and others, in June 1756. formed themselves into a Society (called The Marine Society) and, in consequence thereof, they coiledted by voluntary Donations and Subscriptions, during the late War with France and Spain, the Sum of 23,692. 7 s,2 d-which was expended in cloathing and fitting out 5,451 Landsmen Volunteers, to serve as Seamen on Board His Majesty’s Fleet, and 5,174 poor Roys, as Servants to the Officers in the Navy j and that, at the Close of the late War, the said Society also provided in the most safe and satisfactory Manner, by Rand and Sea, for all the Boys who applied for Relief after being discharged from the King’s Ships; and that, since the Commencement of the Peace, the Petitioners (with Part of the Interest of a Legacy bequeathed to them by the Will of William Hicks, late an English Merchant, in

Hamburgh, deceased, and further voluntary Donations and Subscriptions) have placed out to Officers in the King’s Ships, and to the Merchant Service, 1,132 more distrefi'ed Boys; and that the Affairs and Pufiness of this Society, have been conduced and managed, from Time to Time, with the utrpost Order and (Economy; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that a Society of this Nature, countenanced and 1'upported by the Raws of this Realm, and established upon a respectable and permanent Foundation, and veiled with proper Povvers, for enabling them to carry into Execution their charit?

able JDesigns, of cloathing, fitting out, and apprenticing, or placing out, poor distressed Boys' who have not any visible Means of Support, and who shall voluntarily offer themselves for the Service of the Navy, and of other Ships and Vessels, the Property of, and belonging to.

Great Britain, would be of considerable Use and Ad-r vantage to these Kingdoms: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Petitioners, and their Successors, to be elected in such Manner as in the Bill is intended to be mentioned, or as Parliament shall think proper, and for veiling them with due cpnftitutional Powers, for the more effectually carrying on the charitable and useful Designs aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-? suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman,

Mr. Gray, and Mr* Marsham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of Wig- "Wigmote

more, in the County of Hereford, whose Names are Xnc\otote,

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Common Woods, within the said Borough, called Woodwood,

Barnet, and Part of Oakley, containing about 600 Acres, or thereabouts; and also a Piece or Parcel of Failure, or Moor Land, called Wigmore's Moor, containing about 80 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Woods being cut and mangled improperly, and at improper Seasons, and the Springs not preserved, but suffered to he eaten up by Horses, Cattle, and Sheep, are of less Value that! they would be, if duly cut and regularly preserved; and the said Moor, being in a low Situation, and not sufficiently drained, is often overflowed with Water, elpe-cially in the Winter Season; and that, if the said Woods and Moor Land were inclosed, divided into LjOts, and improved, it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the other Burgesses interested therein:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be givdn to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, and improving, the said Woods and Moor Land, in fuel}

Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think just.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iq a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr,

Alderman Harley and Mr- Bacon dp prepare, apd bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That Pr. Morton, from British the Trustees of the British Mufatum, attended at the Mufeuap, Poor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hoqlie, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intifuled, " Account of the Trustees of }h§

British Mijitum."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is 4s fojloweth; vils.

Vo1- 33*

ACCOUNT

ACCOUNT of the Trustees.

So

*"0

g

(Q

iH-

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o

o*

FT

Folio-6 6 6

To Cash raised by Lottery -

To D° by First Payment of Tickets forfeited To D* by Benefit Tickets not claimed in Time To D* granted by Parliament - -

By Fees paid at the Exchequer and 7

Treasury.....)

To Cash, Second Grant by Parliament

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury To Cash, Third Grant by Parliament - -

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury To Calli, Fourth Grant by Parliament - -

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury To Cash, Fifth Grant by Parliament -

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury To Cash gained on Exchequer Bills bought 7 by Trustees -To Cash gained by Dividends and Sales on 7 Navy Ann. 4 per Cent. 1763 - - ]

To Cash gained by D° on Bank Ann. bought 7 by Trustees - - - -- - J

To Cash D° by Dividends and Sales on 7 £. 1,700, 3 per Cent, consol. - - - - y

To Cash D° by Dividends, on 1,500 D° To Cash D° by D°, on 1,785 D® - -

To Cash D° by D% on £.600 Bank Ann.

3 i per Cent. ——

108 To Balance on Periodical Works -

So To Cash by Sale of Duplicate Books, &c.

17° To Cash by Sale of £ 300, Old Sea Ann 170 To Cash by Dividends on D'

17 5To Balance due-to Daniel Race

166

166

*3

*3

120

9

9

181

2.000 o 107 17

2.000 o 107 17

2.000 O

XO7 I7

2.000 O

IO7 17

2, COO O

107 17

SI

SI

18 18 91

129 12 6 j

51 8 6'

43 10 0 ,

48 16 6

22 15 0-

61 8 6l

636 18 0}

250 0

700 9

100,000 o o 172 7 61

1,780 o o:

1.892 2 6

1.892 2 6

1,89a 2 6

1.892 2 6

1.892 2 b

148 II 3

— — 19^94 *7 6

166 10 o

698 6 6

950 9 o

29 4 2

133,100 18 5

Ledger.

of the BRITISH MUSEUM.

OO

olio.

6

6

6

49

5°

51

69

67

47

6

176

68

74

16

62

80

84

i65

164

144

189

57

59

184

188

120

120

9

9

9

181

j77

By D# By D° By D° By D° By D°

By Cash paid Expences on the Lottery - - - - -By D° paid for Sir Hans Sloane’s Collect ion - -

~ paid Lord Oxford’s Trustees for Manuscripts - -

paid Commissioners of the Lottery in full -

paid Expences of Act of Parliament, and Law Charges paid for Common Seal of Corporation, and Press for it paid for removing the Sloanian and Cotton Libraries By D° paid for keeping Sir Hans Sloan's Collection at By D° paid Mr. Widmore for his Care of the Cotton Library By D# paid for the Purchase of Montagu House -

By D° paid for Repairs thereof ——

By D° paid for Furniture peculiar to the Mufjeum - -

By D° paid for Furniture for the Meeting Room, Officers, flee. By D° paid for House Insurance -

By D° paid for Fire Engines, &c. -

By D° paid for Printing Expences -

By D° paid for Book-binding -

By D° paid for Stationary, Vellum Book, and Printing -By D° paid Rents, Taxes, and other Annual Payments -By D° paid Salaries, Wages, and Gratuities - -

By D° paid Board Wages ——

By D" paid for Firing -

By D° paid for Candles ——

By D° paid incidental Charges ——

By D° paid Garden Expences ——

By £ 52,500 Bank Annuities, bought at about 1041 Cent By £ 22,500 D°.....sold at about 87 $ per Cent.

By Loss on £. 600 Bank Ann. 3 £ per Cent.

Duplicate Books ——

163; By D° paid for Foreign Books by Major Edward's Legacy By Balance in Dr. Knight's Hands -

6,200 0 0

to, OOOO O 0

10,000 0 0

557 19 4

435 I I 11

64 l6 6

163 O

911 5 11

160 0 0

10,250 0 0

16,226 18 4

4,076 14 7*

692 l8

*57 7 6

140 8 0

1,034 2 3

i»749 2 4i

257‘ 10 3

2.533 7 61

13,904 9 7

1,6x6 7 10

1,164 2 8

186 4 7

1,926 9 9

1,362 6 6

54.93° i3 6

19,607 4 6

78 7 6

203 3 0

27 5 0

36,757 4

400 o o

713 8 8

84 o tof

£.1 133,100 18 5

280 FebruariL v^.1772.

12 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Swalcliffe A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Common Inclosure. Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Waste and Commonable Lands, lying within the Fields, Liberties, Territories, Precincts, and Townships, of Sibford and in the Parish

of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, in the said Liberties, Territories, and Townships, One large Open and Common Field, known by the Name of Sibford Gower Field, confiding of Eighty Yard Lands, or thereabouts, and containing together 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the said Common Field, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and produce but little Profit, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, aligning, and allotting, the said Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Padures, Common Grounds, Wade and Commonable Lands, or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Wenman, Lord Charles Spencer, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tyne A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Com-te"P®rary mon Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon , in Bridge. t^e Q,unty Gf the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That, by the Violence of a most extraordinary Flood in the Night between the 16th and 17th of November lad, a great Part of the Stone Bridge over the River , at Newcastle, was setroyed, and thereby the principal Passage from the Northern to the Southern Parts of this Kingdom is in a great Measure obdruded; and that the Erection of a temporary Bridge, from the Town of Newcastle, to the of-pofite Shore, in Gateshead, in the County of Durham, in the mean Time, until a new Stone Bridge can be built, would be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a temporary Bridge, over the River Tyne, from the Town of Newcastle, to the opposite Shore, in Gate-Jhead, in the County of Din such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Newton A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are inclosore. thereunto subscribed, being intereded in an Open and Commonable Parcel of Land, called Newton Heath, and in an Open and Commonable Piece of Meadow or Padure Ground, called The Town Close, both lying in Newton Burgalon, in the Parish of Swepfton, and County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Properties of the Petitioners, in the said Newton Heath and Town , lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement j but if the same were divided and indofed, and specific Allotments made to the Persons intereded therein, it would be a great Improvement of their Estates, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Kynaston and Sir Francis Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the fame. voi.33.

529

A Petition of the several Owners of Lands, Tene- Lancheftef* ments, and Hereditaments, situate within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County of Durham, whose n 0 *rc* Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on the Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common, upon the Moor or Common, or Tra6t of Wide Ground, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a large Moor or Common, or Tract of Waste Ground, lying within, and belonging to, the said Manor, commonly called -Jleel's Moor, containing 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts 5 and that the Lord Bishop of Durham is Lord of the said Manor; and that the said Moor or Common, in its present State, is of very little Use or Service, but is capable of Cultivation and Improvement; and that the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and the Petitioners, are willing and desirous that the same may be inclosed, cultivated, and improved, as the same will be of public Utility, as well as an Improvement of the Estates of the several Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur — fu'ant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Clavering and Mr. Vane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Watford the Petition of the Right honourable Anne Holies Eaxl of Essex, in Behalf of himself and the Right honourable George Capell, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden his eldest Son and Heir apparent, now a Minor, and also the humble Petition of Edward , Doctor of

Laws, Vicar, John Dummer, John Hawthorne, Weflon Eve, Henry Lovett, and Henry Lomas, Churchwardens, and of John Buckmafer, John Ashby, James White, and James Hill, Overseers of 'the Poor, and other Inhabitants and Land Owners, of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford, on the Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants and Land Owners of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. fame* Hickman, being examined, said, That the Church Yard of the said Parish is too small for the convenient Interment of the Dead, and that it was agreed by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, to apply for a Bill to enlarge the Church Yard, and for making a new Road instead of the present Road proposed to be inclosed as Part of such Enlargement, and for inclosing a small Piece of the present Road (which by the proposed Alteration will become useless to the Public) for the private Use of John Whitfield, Esquire, and his Heirs, who hath agreed to purchase the same of the said Parish.

Mr. Thomas Clutterbuck, being examined, said, That Part of the moll commodious Piece of Ground, which could be made use of for that Purpose, was settled upon the Earl of Essex and his Family, and the other Part belonged to a Court or Alms Yard, which, together with certain Alms Houses, were settled by the Ancestors of the said Earl to charitable Uses; and that the said Earl is willing, on Behalf of himself and Family, to dispose of his Right to the said Piece of Ground; and that the said Parish have agreed to make a Yearly Allowance out of the Poors Rates to the Persons residing in the said Alms Houses, for such Part of the said Court or Alms Yard, as is proposed to be inclosed.

Mr. William Haffell, being examined, said, That by the great Increase of the Poor of the said Parish, the Work-house belonging thereto, is insufficient to contain them i and that an additional Building to the present Work-

6 T house

28° Februarii.

530 i8° Februarii. . 1772.

house is necessary, for the better Reception and Regulation of the Poor of the said Parish.

Mr. William Hickmanbeing again examined, said. That the present Parochial Levies will be insufficient to raise Monies for defraying the Expences attending the enlarging the said Church Yard, and making such additional Building to the present Workhouse, without being very burthensome to the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that it will be necessary to grant Powers to raise Monies for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Cemetery or Church Yard of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford-, and to make an additional Building to the present Workhouse, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Plumer and Mr. Halsey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Thorpe A Petition of the Reverend Ptolomy Clerk,

Exchin'^6 Rc<a°r Parish Church of Thorpe , in

V8* the County of Northampton, the Reverend John Jephcott,

Land*. of Hardingfton, in the said County, Clerk, and Catharina Dorothea his Wife, and Richard Jennens, of in

the said County, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Ptolomy Humfrey is seised of the Advowson of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, and of all the Glebe Lands thereunto belonging, and, in Right thereof, is also seised of all the Great and Small Tythes arising within the said Parish; in which Advowson, Rectory, and Premises, the Petitioner Catharina Dorothea, Wife of the said John Jephcott, hath an Interest, to take Place in Remainder, after the Decease of the said Ptolomy; and that

Richard Jennens is seised of a very good Mansion House, and several Messuages, Closes, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds, or thereabouts; and that Part of the Glebe of the said Rectory, called The Grindles, containing about 30 Acres, with a small Messuage thereon Handing, lies remote from any other Part of the said Glebe, but intermixed with the Estate of the said Richard Jennens, and very near to the said Mansion House; and that a Messuage and Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Ponds, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, lie, some adjoining to, and others very near, the Parsonage House, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid; and it would greatly accommodate, as well the said Estate belonging to the said Rectory, as the said Estate of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, if an Exchange was made, with tire said Richard Jennens, of the said Part of the Glebe called The Grindles, for the said Messuage or Tenement, Two small Cottages, several Closes and Ponds, of the said Richard Jennens, adjoining and lying near the said Parsonage House; and it would also be of great Utility and Advantage, as well to the said Rector and others interested in the said Rectory, as to the said Richard Jennens, if a due Proportion of other Parts of the Lands and Estate of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, were set out for the said Ptolomy Humfrey, and his Successors, Redors of the Parish Church of Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, in lieu of, and as a Satisfaction for, all the Great and Small Tithes or Payments, in lieu thereof, arising, or becoming due, from and out of all and singular the Melfu-ages. Cottages, Closes, Lands, Ponds, and Hereditaments, of him the said Richard Jennens, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the said Ptolomy Humfrey, John Jephcott, and Catharina Dorothea his Wife, by and with tire Consent of the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Peterborough, and certain Commissioners in the Bill to be named, for that and other the Purposes in the Bill to be exprdfed, to ex-- 1

change, with the said Richard Jennens, the said Messuage or Tenement, and Closes called The Grindles, for the said Messuage, Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Ponds therein, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, being Part of the Estate of the said Richard Jennens; and also for the setting out, assigning, and appointing, for the said Rector and his Successors, by Commissioners in the said Bill to be for that Purpose named, such other Part or Parts of the Estate of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, in lieu of the Tythes or Payments in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall be deemed a full Satisfaction for all the Great and Small Tythes, which are issuing out of, and payable to the said Rector, for, and in respect of, the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of him the said Richard Jennens, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid; and, upon such Satisfaction made as aforesaid, for the Tithes and Payments, in lieu thereof as aforesaid, for the exonerating and discharging the said Messuage,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, from the Payment of all future Tithes, or other Payments in lieu thereof; and for such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Strachey, Lord Clive, fee,:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the honourable Thomas Penn, Esquire, St<*f was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Stoke Poges, in the County of Bucks, and Owner of the Soil of certain Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the said Manor, containing, by Estimation, 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Commons or Waste Lands, in their present uncultivated State, yield very little Benefit; and that Application hath been made to the Petitioner, by Lieutenant General George Howard, and James Squib, of High Wyconrb in the County of Buckingham, to take in and inclose certain small Parts of the said Commons, or Waste Lands, not exceeding 15 Acres, at their own Expence, upon paying such valuable Consideration for the Tame as shall be thought reasonable, to be applied for the Benefit of the several Persons having Right of Common, or other Interest, in the fame; which will be for the Benefit of all Persons having any Right or Interest therein; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Baker, Sir Francis Vincent, and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Jones, Clerk, on Middle the Behalf of himself and many others, principal Own- ^ca ers and Proprietors of Lands, in a certain Fen, called The Middle Fen District, lying between Ely and , in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, certain Fen Lands therein mentioned were charged and assessed with a certain Yearly Acre Tax, as a Fund for draining the said Fen Lands, and for the Support, Maintenance, and Preservation, of the several Works; and Power was also given, to borrow, at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, which they should think necessary, for making, carrying on, repairing, and preserving, the said Works, and to assign the said Taxes as a Security

for

Pans ford Road.

12 Geo. III. 28°

531

for the fame; and that the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and, for the aforesaid Purposes, have borrowed divers Sums of Money, to a large Amount, and assigned the said Taxes as a Securiiy for the fame; which Sums have been applied in making and carrying on the Works for preserving the said Fen Lands; and that, by the Floods which happened the last Winter, and in some preceding Winters, great Damage has been done to the principal Works made for the Preservation of the said Fen Lands, which cannot be sufficiently repaired and preserved from the ordinary Revenue of the said Taxes, and by the Powers in the said Act; and that the Petitioners apprehend, further Powers will be necessary, which will not only be to the Benefit of the County in general, but will tend to the better Security of the present Creditors, as well as be the Means of preserving the aforesaid Fen and Low Grounds from Inundation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of , and County of Cambridge, between the Cam otherwise Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South Ealt, by the Hard Lands of IJleham, Ford horn, Soham and IVicken; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conserva-vators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands; for the better Security of the Persons who have advanced divers Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Act; and also for the better draining of the said Fen, in such Manner, and tinder such Powers and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Fel-lowes ,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and principal Burgesses and Assistants of the Town and Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town and Parish of Oakhampton aforesaid, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That, in the Year 1760, an Act passed for repairing several Roads, leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the said County; among which, were the Roads leading from Crocker ton Well, in the Parish of Cheriton Bishop, through Oakhampton, to

Coombe Bow Bridge, in the Parish of Bridejlow, in the Road to Launceston, in Cornwall, and from Oakhamp-

ton aforesaid, to the Cross Way near the Village of Down ‘Town, in the Parish of Lydford, in the Road to stock; and that the said Roads are in good Repair, a great deal of Money having been laid out for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners observe, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Road ‘through Mortonhampjlead, in the County of Devon, and from thence over the wild uninhabited Forest of Dartmoor (where a Road never was) towards Tavistock-, which, if obtained, will greatly affect the private Properties and landed Interest on all the Roads from Exeter, through the Boroughs of Oakhampton, Launceston, Newport, Bodmyn, Came If or d, and Mitchell; and like wife, as the Petitioners apprehend, from to Plymouth, through Ashburton, or Totness: And therefore praying. That the House will not suffer an Act to pass so very injurious to private Property, and particularly to Widows and Orphans, who have advanced the greatest Part of their Fortunes on the Credit of the Tolls.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Vol^33-

until the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of ford, in the County of Devon, to Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County, be brought in.

Mr. Hantner presented to the House, according to Rucker’* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Conrad Rucker: And the Ntt-fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of the Mayor and divers Inhabitants of Norwich the City of Norwich, whose Names are thereunto sub- s#0i/^ridge scribed, was presented to the House, and read j Taking Road. Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk i and Setting forth. That there are several Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which, if passed into a,

Law', will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and fe — veral other Persons having Occasion to make use of the said Road: And therefore praying, That they may t»e heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioners, and have fuctx.

Relief in the Premises as the House shall think just arxci-reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tine Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for-enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of , t:o

Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of Maria Joseph Williams, was presented William,’, to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nat. given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bacon and Mr. Charles Townshend do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charles Howard, Junior, Esquire, and Stainton, others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Be- &c. half of themselves and others, was presented to the Inclosure‘ House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Town-ships of Stainton, New biggin, and Great , in the

Barony of Greyjlock, in the County of Cumberland, there are several Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, and also several Open and Common Fields; and that a considerable Advantage would accrue to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Fletcher and Mr. Musgrave do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to King Norton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons inclosare‘ and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kings-norton, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right Reverend James Lord Bishop Blocklejr of W trcester, Lord of the Manor of Blockley, in the County 10 0 ur*

of

532 a8° Februarii. . 1772.

of Worcester, and Patron of the Vicarage of of

the Right honourable Sir Rufhout, Baronet, Lessee

of the Glebe Lands and Great Tithes of and

a principal Proprietor of Estates in the said Parish, and of John Pott, Esquire, Thomas Edward

Proprietors of Estates in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of and in the Hamlets

of Draycott and Paxford, in the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadow Grounds, Lammas Lands, and Every-other-Years Land, and also several Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Places, containing in the Whole 2,300 Acres, or thereabouts; and the different Properties, in the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands, lie so dispersed and intermixed, that the Cultivation thereof is very difficult and inconvenient; and that the said Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Places, in their present Condition, yield very little Profit, but if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, it would be very advantageous to all Persons interested therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Great A Petition of William Adair and David Urquhart,

Yarmouth Esquires, Commissioners appointed under an Act of

and" Par''arnent> made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign Piers. h's late Majesty King Ge the Second, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, was presented to the House, and read} Taking Notice of the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and setting forth, That the said Bill, as it now stands, appears to the Petitioners to be partial, and in many Respects defective, and tends to subject the Public to unnecessary Burthens: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as so appear to them objectionable; and also in Support of such Amendments thereto, as the Petitioners conceive proper and necessary to be made therein, for the more effectually answering the true Ends and good Purposes of the said intended Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill.. against the said Petition.

Gumley A Petition of Joseph Cradock, Esquire, Lord of the

Inclosure. Manor of Gumley, in the County of and a Pro-

prietor of a considerable Part of the Land in the Open Fields there, of Richard Wynne, Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Gumley aforesaid, and of others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Land in the said Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Properties therein; and the Petitioners are desirous thereof, and that a proper Recym-

pence in Land (Part of the said Fields) may be made, in lieu of the Great and Small Tithes thereof, and of some other Parts of the said Parish, and also in lieu of certain other Dues or Payments to the said Rectory:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Landhold- WelUnd ers. Inhabitants, and others, interested in the better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River Welland, in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Great Bank, from Spalding High Bridge, through,

Peakill, Crowland, and Peakirk, is, at present, supported and repaired under the Direction, and at the Expence, of the Corporation of Bedford Charles

Orby Hunter, Esquire, and the Adventurers of Deeping Fen , and that the said Bank is too low, and not of fui-ficient Width and Strength to refill the Force of the Waters in Times of Floods, so that the Country and Lands, intended to be defended by the said Bank, are subject to be overflowed; and that, if the said Bank was made of sufficient Height and Strength to secure the said Country and Lands from inundations, the Value of the same would be very considerably increased; and that the present Road along the said Bank, from Spalding High Bridge, to Peakirk, and from thence to the Road between Peterborough and Lincoln, is in a ruinous Condition, and would, in case of Floods, be rendered impassable, and is also much too narrow, and if the same was widened, and made safe and commodious at all Times, for Passengers and Carriages, it would be of great Utility and Advantage to the Public j and that the said Corporation of Bedford Level,

Charles Orby Hunter, Esquire, and the Adventurers of Deeping Fen, are willing to contribute an Annual Sum, to be applied towards making and maintaining such Bank and Road aforesaid, in case they may be exonerated from any other Charge for supporting the said Bank; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Road may be more effectually made, and kept in Repair, under the Direction of Commissioners, to be appointed for that Purpose, than by the present Methods now in being; and that it appears to the Petitioners, from accurate Estimates, that a reasonable Contribution, together with a Toll to be collected upon the said Road, will be sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Lord Gage, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Catharine Lady Viscountess Fitzwil-Ham, Maurice Dreyer, and John Daniel Dreyer, of London, Manor: Merchants, Trustees on Behalf of the said Catharine Wconmtfi Lady Fitzwilliam, being offered to be presented to the

House}

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been, informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer are possessed, for certain Terms of

Years,

12 Geo. III. , a8" Februarii.

53 3

Years, of and in a Messuage, called The at Richmond, in the County of with Two Gardens

thereto belonging; and also a Parcel of Land, Orchard, or Garden, containing One Acre, or thereabouts, reputed to be Part of the I’ark called Richmond Old Park, with the free Use of a passage thereto belonging; and also Three Cloles of Land, called Bentley Park, other Parcel of the said Park called Richmond Old Park, and of Two Tenements thereto belonging; and also of a small Piece of Land, lately inclosed from the Waite; all which Premises are Parcel of the Manor of Richmond, and Part of the ancient Possession of the Crown of England; and that, by virtue of the Will of Dame Henrietta Decker, deceased, and by divers Conveyances and Alignments, the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer are possessed, as aforesaid, in Trust, for the lole and separate Ufc of the said Catharine Lady Fitzwilliam and her Heirs; and that the Petitioners Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer have also been duly admitted, according to the Custom of the said Manor of Richmond, to Half an Acre of Land, situate

in a Shot called Marsh Furze, and also to a Capital Messuage or Tenement, with the Coach-houses, Stables, Gardens, and Appurtenances, thereto belonging, now in the Occupation of the said Lady Fitzwilliam, and also to a Parcel of Land, formerly Part of the Wade of the said Manor, lying on the Road leading to West Sheene, containing in Length 14 Feet, and in Breadth 12 Feet; all which Premises are Parcel of the said Manor of Richmond; and by virtue of the said Will of the said Dame Henrietta Decker, and divers Surrenders had of the Premises, the Petitioners Maurice Dreyer and jfokn Daniel Dreyer are now seised of such Copyhold Estates, in Trust, for the foie and separate Use of the Petitioner Catharine Lady Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and her Heirs; and that the said Copyhold and Leasehold Estates lie interspersed together, and that Part thereof are immediately contiguous to His Majesty’s Gardens at Richmond; on which Account an Agreement hath been made, on Behalf of His Majesty, with the said Catharine Lady Fitzwilliam, and her Trustees, that a Part of the Premises, which lie annexed to the said Gardens, shall be taken into the fame; and that a Fence, in a strait Line, pretty near from East to West, shall be erected, and kept up, at the Expence of His Majesty, in order to divide the same from the Residue of the said Premises; for which Purpose, it hath been agreed, that the Petitioner Catharine Lady Fitzwilliam shall surrender up to His Majesty’s Use such Part of the said Leasehold Premises, as lie North of the said Line, in order that the Leal'e thereof may fink into the Freehold and Inheritance of the Premises, and that the same may be made Part of the said Gardens; and it has been also further agreed, that His Majesty, when enabled thereto, shall grant to the said Lady Fitzwilliam the Freehold and Inheritance of all such Part of the said Leasehold and Copyhold Premises, as lie South of the said Line, but such Leasehold and Copyhold Premises being Part of the said Manor of Richmond, and Part of the Post'elfions of the Crown, His Majesty is not enabled to grant such Freehold and Inheritance of the said Premises, without being enabled by Parliament so to do: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant such Freehold and Inheritance of the said Leasehold and Copyhold Premises, and to enfranchise the said Copy-hold Estates, to and for the said Lady Fitzwilliam, or to her Trustees and their Heirs; and to do such other Things as shall be necessary for carrying the said Agreement into Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Vol. 33.

A Petition of the Right Reverend Edmund Lord Ely House, Bishop of Ely, being offered to be presented to the Holbourri. House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command; acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read}

Setting forth, That the Petitioner is seised, in Right of his See, of a Capital Mansion House; called Eir House, or Palace, situate in Holbourn, in the County of Middlesex, and all the Ground thereunto belonging, with the several Houses thereon erected; and that; since the Death of the Right Reverend Matthias, late Lord Bishop of Ely, the Petitioner’s immediate Predecessor, an Account bath been adjusted between his Representatives and the Petitioner, of the Dilapidatiorts incurred on the said Mansion House and Buildings, during his Lord — ship’s Occupancy"of the said See, and the same having been estimated at £ 3,000, that Sum hath been paid or secured to the Petitioner; but, upon a proper Survey" lately made, of the said House and Buildings, it appears^ that the same are, from Length of Time, and other Causes, so ruinous and decayed, that it hath been ad — vised, by experienced Workmen, to rebuild, rather than, to attempt the Repair thereof; that thereupon, and as no sufficient Fund offered for rebuilding, an Agreement hath been made between the Commissioners of the Treasury and the Petitioner, bearing Date the 27th Day of January last, whereby it was witnessed; and the Petitioner agreed and undertook, that he would, with all convenient Speed, so far as in his Power lay, at his own Expence, procure an Act of Parliament for the Purpose of carry ng the said Treaty into immediate;

Execution, and of giving the Petitioner and his Successors proper Power to convey a Piece of Ground, iti

the said Agreement mentioned, and the House and

Buildings thereon erected, to such Persons, and for such

Uses, as should be directed by the Commissioners of

the Treasury for that Purpose; and likewise for securing

to the Petitioner, or his Successors, a clear Sum of

,£.6,500, and an Annuity of £.100, the Produce of

which should be paid to the Petitioner, and his Suc-

celfors, from Time to Time, as Part of the Revenues

of the said Bishoprick, or in such other Manner as

should therein be directed; and that, since the said

Agreement, a Piece of Ground hath been offered to the

Petitioner, late belonging to Lord Viscount Chetwyndi

deceased, situate in Dover Street, in the Parishes of Saint

fames and Saint Martin in the Fielor one of them,

in the County of Middlesex, as a proper and commodious

Spot whereon to erect: a suitable Mansion House for the

future Residence of the Petitioner and his Successors, the

Bishops of Ely, in the room of the said ancient Mansion

House and Buildings in Holbourn; and a Treaty is now

depending for the Purchase of the said Piece of Ground,

at the Price, or Sum of £. 5,600, Part of the said Sum of £.6,500 to be so paid by the Commissioners of the

Treasury, in case their said Agreement shall be established

by Parliament; and if such Purchase shall take place,

it hath been proposed to pull down the House now

Handing on the said Piece of Ground, which is in a

decayed Condition, and, instead thereof, to erect such

new Mansion House as aforesaid; and to apply the said

Sum of £. 3,000, so received by the Petitioner for

Dilapidations, and the Whole, or a sufficient Part of

the Consideration, to be paid by the Commissioners of

the Treasury, agreeable to the aforesaid Contraft, for the Purpose of building and fitting up the same for

Habitation; and the Surplus, if any shall remain, for the Benefit of the See, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to Parliament shall appear just and

reasonable; but, if the said depending Treaty shall

prove ineffectual, the Petitioner then proposes to apply

the Whole of the said Consideration, to be paid by the

6 U Corn-

534 28° Februarii. 1772.

Commissioners of the Treasury, together with the said

£.3,000 received for Dilapidations, or a sufficient Part thereof, in the erecting and fitting up such Mansion House on such other convenient Spot as shall offer, and in purchasing the same for that Purpose, under such Restrictions and Regulations; and the Surplus, if any, to be applied in such other Manner, for the Benefit of the See, as shall be approved by Parliament; and that the Rents reserved in and by several of the Leases, granted by the Bishops of Ely in Right of their See, are made payable at the said Mansion House, or Palace, in Holbouru; and it hath been usual for the Bishop of Ely for the Time being, to hear and determine Appeals from several Colleges in the University of , as

Visitor thereof, at his said House or Palace, in

boum, and to cite all Parties, concerned in such Appeals, to appear at the said House or Palace; but it will be proper, upon the Alienation of the said last mentioned House or Palace, to transfer the Payment of such reserved Rents, and the Exercise of such Appellate Jurisdiction, to such new Mansion House, wheft the same shall be so erected; and, in the mean time, to provide some other proper Place, or Resort, for the said several Purposes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the said Agreement with the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury into Execution, and for applying the Money therein mentioned, together with the aforesaid Sum of 3,000 in the Petitioner’s Hands, for the Purposes before-mentioned, under such Restrictions^ and Provisions, or in such other Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Irving’s A Petition of Charles Irving, one of the Surgeons of Sea Water. His Majesty’s Royal Navy, being offered to be prefen ted to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, from a close, unwearied Attention, and Application, to discover a plain and practicable Method of making Sea Water fresh, and fit for drinking, hath, at a very considerable Expence, happily discovered a Method of rendering Sea Water fresh, wholesome, and agreeable to the Taste, and that the Process thereof is plain and simple, and may be carried on at Sea without Difficulty, or any Inconvenience or Hindrance whatsoever to the Business of the Ship; and that the Petitioner hath communicated to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, the Officers of the Royal Navy, to the East India Company, and several others, the Whole of such Process, from which, by repeated Experiments made at it has been

ascertained, that a Quantity of Fresh Water, sufficient fofcthe daily Supply of any Ship or Transport, may be distilled from Sea Water, without any Ingredient whatsoever, and with a very small, if any, Addition to the Fuel necessary for the ordinary Business of the Ship; and that not only the Quality of such Water, but also the Practicability, and great Ease, of producing it from Sea Water in sufficient Quantities, have, as the Petitioner apprehends, been fully proved, as well by the said Experiments as by frequent Practice in the Course of a long Voyage; and, inasmuch as the Petitioner has relinquished all other Pursuits, in order more effectually to make practicable, and to introduce into general Use, so great a National Benefit, and hath thereby impaired his own private Fortune; therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such public

Reward’to the Petitioner for this l)ifcovery as the Importance thereof shall -deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine, and stale to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir George Colelrooke, Lord Howe,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Recordsj and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- Comply, fented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Sum granted for the Year 1770, examined and part by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the 23d of George the Second, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and that they have inverted the Money granted in 1771., for the Support and Maintenance of the several Forts and Settlements on the said Coast, and likewise the Money granted for the Repairs of Cape Coajl Castle; and that the Forts ai.d Settlements on the said Coast having:

... O

been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal African Company, and the Sums Annually granted by Parliament being nearly expended in the Maintenance and Pay of the several Garrisons, leaving very little for the Repair, of the said Forts, the House granted in the Year 1769 the Sum of £. 2,coo, and in the Year 1771 the further Sum of £. 2,000, towards the Repairs of Cape Coajl Cajile, which said Sums are inefficient to finish that necessary Work, and many of the other Forts still remain in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Petitioners being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Aftherefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum for the necessary Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, and likewise-for the Repairs still wanted, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition;

And it is referred to Mr. Cujl, Sir John Turner, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Anno 1770.

" The Account of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to Africa-, distinguishing every " Article of Expence under its proper Title," be referred to the said Committee.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is Kingsnortos concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the intioiure. Commons and Waste Lands, within -the Manor and Parish of Khigsnorton, in the County of Worcester-, which

Bill was this Day read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Mefll.go

12 Geo. III.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr-. and Mr.

hr availing:

Mr. Speaker,

Roudham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for inclosing the Cofnmon Fields, Break Lands, Half-year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Pole’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

ISame. enable Reginald Pole; Esquire, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Carew, pursuant to the Will of Sir Coventry Carew, Baronet., deceased; to which the Lords defile the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Felony. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual proceeding against Persons (landing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Thomas junior, and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

India, East: A Petition of Gregore late of Bengal, in

Administration the East Indies, on Behalf of himself and others, was of Justice. presentC(j to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, who is an Armenian Christian, and Native of IfpItalian, in Persia, has for many Years resided in India as a Merchant, particularly in the Provinces of Bengal and its Dependancies, where those of his Nation have ever been allowed to carry on Trade, according to the ancient Usages of those Countries, and even were indulged with certain Privileges in that respect; and that the Petitioner, who has ever strictly conformed himself to the Usages of those respective Countries, has, with many others of his Nation, of late been greatly impeded in their Business as Merchants, by the most cruel, destructive, and injurious, Regulations, and grievously oppressed by long and cruel Imprisonments, and otherwise, by the nominal Nabobs, and other Servants of the English East India Company in Bengal, notwithstanding the Petitioner never in any Degree injured the said Company, nor was ever guilty of any Breach of the Laws, either of or this Nation, to the known Justice of which lad he has already applied for Satisfaction for the great Losses and Injuries he has sustained i and that, when the Petitioner and others have been injured and oppressed by such Imprisonments within the Districts to which His Majesty’s Charter of Justice granted to the said Company is not allowed to extend, they have applied to the said nominal Nabobs of Bengal for Justice, who have referred them and the Petitioner to the President or Secret Committees of Calcutta in Bengal, alledging such Imprisonments to have been effected by their Orders; and when, on the Part of the Petitioner and such other Persons, Application has been made for Justice at Calcutta, to the said Company’s Governor and President of the Secret Committees, they have been referred back to the said Nabobs; and in this grievous Situation, without ever being able to know of what Crime he was accused, the Petitioner by such Evasions, has been ruined, and left without any other Remedy than the precarious Redress which be may possibly obtain from the Courts of Law in this Country, under all the Disadvantages of seeking Justice

in a Foreign Land, at such a Distance from the Scene of Action, without Friends or Money; and that the Petitioner, upon his Arrival in England, was advised to apply to the Directors of the East India Company for Redress, in consequence of the Injuries he had sustained by their Servants Abroad; which the Petitioner accordingly did, in the most humble Manner, but has never yet been able to obtain any satisfactory Answer from that Board; and that the Petitioner is about to return to his Family and Business in Bengal, where, Vol. 33.

535

under the present double Governriient, he is apprehen-five his Person, Property, and Family, as well as the rest of his Nation, will be exposed to greater Hard ships than before, on account of his having applied for Justice in England, unless protected by some effectual Regulations of Government by the British Legislature: Arid therefore praying the House to take this same into Co'nsideration, and grant such Relief in the Premises, with respect to the future Security of Persons and Property in as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie u|>oh the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Owners, and Occupiers Catder of Land, Merchants, Manufacturers, Woolstaplers,

Traders, and others, in the County of York, and the vl* adjoining Counties, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the extensive Commerce of the County of York, and the Counties adjoining, labours under great Hardships and Difficulties, for Want of a more free and sufficient Navigation between the Open Tideway into the Rivet Humber, and the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield, and the Catder and Hebblc Navigation, in the County of York-, that the present Navigation, on the Rivers Air and Calder, is very insufficient to do the

necessary Business of the Country in a proper Manner j and the Powers exercised on the same are very grievous and oppressive, and tend to the establishing an exclusive Monopoly in the Hands of the Undertakers of the said Navigation, and their Lessees, not only of the Carriage and Freight of all Goods conveyed along the said Rivers, but also of the Sale and Merchandize thereof-$ and that the Petitioners apprehend the most effectual Means of removing the Hardships and Difficulties, and supplying the Detects, and remedying the Grievances aforesaid, and of preventing the like for the future, and of promoting the public Utility, would be to make One or more navigable Canal, or Canals, from the and Hebble Navigation, at or near Wakefield, and from the Canal now making from Liverpool to Leeds, at or near Leeds, into the River Don, the River Ouze, or the River Air, below Weeland, or any of them, in such Manner as to be entirely unconnected with the present Navigation on the Rivers Air and Calder, or with the Undertakers of thefapie: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for making such Canal, or Canals, as aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means. . to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee*

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir

2 8° Februarii.

53$ 28° Februarii. 1772.

Sir Char lei Whitworthalfo acquainted the House, That

he was directed by the Committee to move, that thtly may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Marriages Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

of the Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message, be Royal Family. . nowread

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Message be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Teas: Sir Charles Whitworthy according to Order, reported

Fait India from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Company, gjp for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling -per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas, con-lumed in Great Britain-, and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the Bast India Company as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America-, and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain-, and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes which have arisen upon the said Act of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Monmouth Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for the Writ. Attendance of Valentine Morris, Esquire, the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, Mr. Harmood, Mefl'enger attending the Great Seal, and Mr. Samuel Long, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Valentine Morris, Esquire, was called in to

the Bar; and being asked by Mr. Speaker, what he had to say in Answer to the Charge that had been made

against him, " That lie had taken the Writ for the last " Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth,

" from the Mefl'enger who was sent down to deliver the " said Writ to the Sheriff, and of the Delay in the " Execution of the said Writ;"

He acknowledged, that the said Writ did come into his Hands on the 5th Day of June last, and was not delivered to the Sheriff till the aiftof the same Month; but allured the House, that he did not take the Writ from the Mefl'enger by force; but that the said Meflfen-ger did freely deliver the same to him: That, when he took the Writ, he did not mean thereby to delay the Election; bur l'ome Doubts arising with respect to the Place of Election, and whether the County Court ought not to be held at Monmouth, which he said he much wished, fearing the re would not be a fair Election at Nezvport that he sent several Exprefies to London for the Opinion of Counsel, which delayed the Delivery of the Writ; and that tire said Delay had been very detrimental to his Interest at the Time of the Election; and added, that no Person was blameable for any Part of this Tran fad ion but himself and Samuel Long the Mefl'enger:

That he was extremely sorry for the Trouble which he had given; that he was very sensible of his Offence; and humbly submitted himself to the House.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Valentine Morris, Esquire, having taken the Writ for the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, from the Mefl'enger who was sent down to deliver the same to the Sheriff, and having delayed the Delivery thereof for Fifteen Days, is thereby guilty of a Violation of the Law, and a Breach of the Privilege of this House; ,

And the previous Question being proposed, That that Question be now put;

The same was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That Valentine Morris, Esquire, having taken the Writ for the last Elect ion of a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, from the Mefl'enger who was sent down to deliver the same to the Sheriff', and having delayed the Delivery thereof for Fifteen Days, is thereby guilty of a Violation of the Law, and a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That the said Mr. Morris, having acknowledged his Offence, and submitted himself to the House, he be called in, and acquainted by Mr. Speaker, That the House, notwithstanding the Greatness of the Offence, taking Notice of the very full and ingenuous Manner in which he hath acknowledged thp fame, and expressed his Concern for it, doth forbear to proceed any farther against him; and that he be discharged from any further Attendance on this House.

Mr. Morris was accordingly called in to the Bar, without the Mace; and, Handing the re, was acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, with the said Resolutions.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Se- Elefliom: venth and Eighth Years of King W the Third, in- D:liv«y of tituled. An Act for the further regulating Elections of W;|U Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the eleding and returning such Members, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, with respect to the Delivery of Writs for the Eleding of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. John Morgan,

Mr.

ii Geo. III.

28° — 29°

Mr. Van, Mr.- Dyson, Sir George Mr. Bacon, Mr-

Barrow, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Mr. IValftngham, and Mr. Hotham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Cloch.

Sabbat/, 29* die Februarii;

Anno i2* Georgii IIIt!i Regis, 1772.

Praters.

Moorby A BILL for dividing and inclosing certain Open *c. jTx. Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and Indofore. otjier Commonable Lands, within the Manor of

cum fVilkfby, in the Townships of Moorby and IVilkJby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Amcotts, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Benniworth A Petition of George Fiejclii of in

Inclosorc, the County of Lincoln, Esquire, was presented to the Amendment. House,. and read; Setting forth. That George Heneage, Esquire, late Uncle of the Petitioner, by his last Will, bearing Date the 20th of July 1751, gave and devised his Manors of Benniworth, South and

enborough, in the County of Lincoln, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, subject to an Estate for Life therein to his then Wife Mary Heneage, who is since deceased, and to certain other Estates since determined to the Petitioner, for his Life, with several Remainders over; and that the said Testator died on the 25th of August 1753; and that, the Petitioner hath Two Sens now living, George Robert Heneage, his eldest Son, and ‘Thomas Fiefchi Heneage, both Infants; and reciting Part of an Act. for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish of Renr niworth, in the County of Lincoln; in pursuance whereof, the Commissioners thereby appointed did set out Jfach Parts and Parcel, of, the said Oppn and Uninclosed Grounds as they thought fit to each Proprietor, in lieu of «t heir former Shares in the said Open Fields and Grounds, and did ^thereby give such Directions concerning the dividing, inclosing, fencing, and embanking the fame, as they thought fit; and that i,228, Acres were set out and allotted to the Petitioner, as and for his Share of the said Allotments; but that the said Commissioners omitted, in their Award, either to ascertain, or to order, direct, or appoint, in what Manner the Expences incident to, and attending, the passing the said Act, should be defrayed; and that a Copy of the Award being, long before the Execution thereof, laid before the several Proprietors, for their Perusal, and it being perceived thereby in what Manner each of the said several Allotments so intended to be set out were intended to be quicked with Hedges, embanked, ditched, fenced, and inclosed, several of the Proprietors, and among others, the Petitioner, proceeded to fence, ditch, hedge, quick, and embank, the Allotment which w^s intended to be set out for him, and expended in that Work, not only a large Sum of Money by him borrowed on that Occasion, but also several Sums of Money of his own, the Whole amounting to £. 2,600 and upwards j and that the Petitioner apprehended, that he should have been able, under the Authorities of the said Act, to have raised, by way of Mortgage, on the Credit of the said Allotments, a sufficient Sum of Money to reimburse himself all the Expences he had been at, there appearing to be a Power

Vol. 33.

537

contained in the said Act, enabling the Petitioner to raise a Sum of Money equal to Forty Shillings an Acre, of the Land which had been by him fb fenced and inclosed; and for that Purpose he applied for the Loan of that Sum, offering to make a Mortgage of the said Allotments to the Persons who should lend the fame, for securing the Repayment thereof; but the necessary Work and Labour, in making the Hedges, Ditches, Embankments, and Fences, of the Petitioner’s Allotments, having been actually performed, it was deemed to be fruitless to endeavour to comply with the Directions of the said Act* with respect to the depositing any such Sum or Sums as should be so borrowed in the Hands of any Persons, to be by them applied in, and for, the performing of Works which had been then already performed; for which Reasons the Persons, who were in Treaty with the Petitioner for the Loan of the said Sum declined to accept of any Mortgage, which the Petitioner could make by virtue of the said Act, they being adyifed, that the Powers and Authorities given to the Petitioner, by the said Act, for that Purpose, were defective and insufficient, and that the Petitioner had not, under the said Act, any Power to make any Mortgage for any Sums of Money, not specified in the said Award; and as the Charges and Expences which the Petitioner haA been at, as aforesaid, are for the Benefit of the Estate, and of all Parties interested therein, the Petitioner hopes it will not appear reasonable, that he should be personally incumbered thereby, any farther than to be made liable to keep down the Interest of what has been so expended as aforesaid during his Life; and, from the particular Circumstances of the Cafe, that the House will deem it to be just and reasonable, that the Defects of the said Act should be rectified, by enabling the Petitioner to charge all such Sums of Money as h« has expended, in paying an{l defraying the several Costs, Charges, and Expences, aforesaid, upon, the Inheritance of the said. Premisses, the Petitioner being consenting and willing to keep down the Interest thereof during his Life; and that Windsor Heneage, half Brother to the said Testator George Heneage (which fVinejfqr Heneage hath no issue Male) is willing, and consenting, that such Aid and Relief should be given to the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the said Omission, of the Commissioners in their said Award; and also the Defects and Inefficiencies of the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act of Parliament, hereinbefore mentioned, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Amcotts do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition, of several Owners and Proprietors of Chalk Chalk Wharfs, on the River Thames, and of several Matters and Owners of Colliers and Coasting Vessels, Thame*, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Bailaftage in the River Thames, no greater Quantity of Chalk, or Chalk Rubbish, is allowed to be shipped, transported, or carried as Ballast, from London, or any Part of the River Thames, in any One Year, than 3,000 Tons, or of Flints, and other Commodities enumerated in, the said Act, than 2,000 Tons; and that on the River Thames, between London Bridge and the main Sea, there are several considerable Lime Wharfs, which carry on a very extensive Trade, to London, Westminster, and the Maritime Counties; and that Flints are sold to the Manufacturers of English China or Hardware Chalk, for the Purpose of burning into Lime, or of mending River and Sea Banks, and Chalk Rubbish for the Manure

6 X and

Building* tnd Party Walls.

538 29° Februarii.A. 1773.

and Improvement of Lands; and that the Prices of Flints and Chalk are so high and considerable, it is apprehended that no Mailers of Colliers, or Coalling Vessels, would carry them as Ballad, to be flung into the Sea like common Ballad; and that the Chalk Rubbish is, by the Maders of Coaders and Colliers, sold to the Farmers, for the Purpose of manuring their Land, at the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence or Three Shillings a Load; and if not allowed to be taken and carried away from the Lime Wharfs, on board the Colliers and Coaders, mud be removed by Land Carriage at an enormous Expence, or else the Lime and Chalk Works would be choaked up and destroyed; and that the Quantity of Flints, Chalk, and Chalk Rubbish, allowed by the said Act to be transported on board of Vessels as Ballad, is so small and inconsiderable, as to operate but little in removing the Difficulties with which the Lime Trade is burthened, owing, in a great Measure, to this Restriction; and that if a Quantity, not exceeding in One Year 23,000 Tons of Flints, Chalk, and Chalk Rubbish, was allowed to be transported on board of Coaders or Colliers as Ballad, subject to the Regulations prescribed by the said Act, the Proprietors of the Lime Whaifs on the River would be enabled to fell their Lime without an advanced Price, the Manufacturers and Farmers would be supplied with a necessery Article for carrying on their Manufactures, and for improving and manuring their Land, the Maders and Owners of Colliers and Coading Vessels would more easily find Freights for their Ships, and the Public in general would be considerably benefited, by the Increase of Trade, Corn, and other Provisions: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Con-Jkleration, and to give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and date to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Sir Robert

Ladbroke, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mader, Wardens, and other Members, of the several Companies of Carpenters, Bricklayers, and Joiners, of the City of Lon, and of other Builders and Workmen residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the several Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone, and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Builders and Workmen within the said Cities, Suburbs, and Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Acts in force, for regulating Buildings and Party Walls, and preventing Mischiefs happening by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places, which Regulations have been, in many Respects, found insufficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby; and that the Petitioners conceive, it would tend to the Safety of the Inhabitants, and prevent great Inconveniences to Builders and Workmen employed in building within the Limits aforesaid, if some of the said Laws were wholly repealed, and the others reduced into One Act, and such further and other Regulations made, in relation to such Buildings, and preventing Mischiefs by Fire, as should be thought proper: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes abovementioned, in such Manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Onslow, the Earl,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Miomry’, Order, a Bill for making the Exemplification of the Wul last Will and Testament of James , Esquire,

deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee, Ricbmod to whom the Petition of Thomas , Richard , (Utulhirt) and Henry North, all of Liverpool, in the County of - Church.

caster, Gentlemen, and several of the Inhabitants of Everton, within the Parish of Wa, in the County of Lancaster aforesaid, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Scrope Colquit, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Inhabitants of Everton, who are very numerous, are at least a Mile and a Half from any Church or Chapel; and that the Parish Church of , which is the

nearest, is not large enough to accommodate the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood, who are inclined to attend Divine Service: And he added, That Thomas and Richard Dobb, and Henry North, of Liverpool, have

allotted a Piece of Land in the Parish of Liverpool, near Everton, for the Purpose of erecting a Church, and have begun to build the fame, and are proceeding therein at their own Expence, but that their Design cannot be effectually executed without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for completing a Building intended for a new Church or Chapel, at Richmond, near Everton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes: And that Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pennant, the Earl Sefton, and Sir Thomas Egerton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Gilpin Sawrey, Esquire, Lord of Broagtooi the Manor of Broughton, in the County Palatine of Lon- Inclosure. casier, on Behalf of himself and of his Demesne Tenants within the said Manor, and also on Behalf of himself as Owner of certain ancient Customary Tenements formerly holden of the said Manor, and also on Behalf of the several Customary and Free Tenants of the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Ground called The Fells, and by divers other Names; and also divers large Parcels of Moss Ground, by the Names of Angerton and Wrieck's Marshes, Greedy Gate Marsh, and by other Names; and thar, within the said Manor, there are divers Customary Lands and Tenements, holden of the said Manor; and that the said Common or Waste Ground afford little or no Profit or Advantage, but are capable of great Improvement; and the same would, if divided and inclosed, so that they might be converted into Tillage and Pasture, be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

given

i a Geo. III. 29° Februarii. 539

given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Commons and Waste Grounds, Mots Rooms, and Parcels of Moss Grounds, within the said Manor of Broughton, in the County Palatine of cajier.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John MoleJ'worth and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Watermen’* A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, Assistants, and Company. Comptrollers, of the Watermen and Lightermens Company, in Behalf of themselves and the whole Body of Watermen, and their Apprentices, working on the River Thames, in the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are at present a Variety of Laws in being, for the Government of the said Company, and to regulate other Matters relative thereto, which essentially concern the Public i and that, in consequence of the said Laws, or some of them, several Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, have been made, for the better regulating of the Company, and other Purposes relating thereto, and to the Watermen in general working on the River; some

of which Laws, Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, are become obsoletej others, from a Variety of Causes that have arisen since the making thereof, are become inadequate to answer the good Ends intended thereby j and the said Laws are in several respects defective; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be of Public Benefit, if the said Company was incorporated, and all the Laws relating thereto were reduced into One Act, and explained and amended, where necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for such Purposes, and that such further and other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Mr.

Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Buxton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com-Indofuic. mons and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of and County of,

was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord John Cavendish, Lord Frederick , &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sheetbridge A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu-to tion several Acts, made in the Ninth Year of Queen Porl^,oth» Ann, the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and Road. the Fourteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Sheet-bridge, in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and of several other Persons, being Inhabitants of the Counties of Southampton and Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Acts have been continued to be put in Execution, for which Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit thereof, a considerable Part of which now remains due, and the said Acts are near expiring; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be of public Benefit, iftheTradt of some Parts of the said Highways was varied, in order to avoid several Hollow Ways, and other inconvenient Places, and likewise if the Road from a Place at or near the Village of Horn-dean, in the said County of , to the Town of

Vol. 33.

Havant, and also the Road from Petersfield, to a Place at or near Rop/ey, where the Turnpike Road from chester to Alton goes, all in the said County of Southampton, were widened and amended, and for that Purpose included in an Act with the Roads from Sheet-bridge to Portsmouth, with Power to alter the Course of the said last mentioned Roads, and secure the Mortgagees under the said Acts, and to repair and keep in Repair all the said Roads: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jollijfe, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for'Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. DeGrey presented to the House, according to Downham Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Market, leading from the Ealt End of the Bridge across the Ro^s. River Ouze, in Downham Market, to the Queen's Head, and from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close, in the Pari Hi of Barton, and towards Watton, to a Place called The Devil's JDitch, in the County of Norfolk: And the same w^s received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu- Walfalf, tion an Act oFParliament, made and passed in the Twenty- p^j^ first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Sutton Coldfield Common to the Town of Waif all, and from Green to Wal-

fall, and from Walsall to Park , in the County of Stafford ;" and also of the Mayor and Capital Burgestes of the Borough of Walsall, and several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the said Town of Walsall, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Money collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; but that the said Roads are ftdl in many Parts very narrow and crooked, and not so wide as is directed by the late Act of Parliament respecting Turnpike Roads, and cannot be sufficiently widened, amended, and kept in Repair for the future, and the Monies so borrowed be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the Act in other Respects made more effectual; and that the Road, leading from the present Termination of the Branch of the said Turnpike Road, at or near Barr Beacon, over Part of Sutton Coldfield Common, to the Turnpike Road between chester and London, on the Western Side of Sutton Park; and also a Part of the Road leading from Walsall towards Birmingham, to wit, from the Termination of the Turnpike Road at Sneals in the said Act

mentioned, across the River Tame, at Hampstead, in the Parish of Handsworth and' County of Stafford, and from thence to and over a certain Watercourse there, running to Hampstead Mills, are in many Parts very narrow, incommodious, and out of Repair; and that, there being only an Horse Bridge over the said River Tame, at Hampstead aforesaid, and an insufficient Bridge over the said Watercourse, it is frequently impracticable for Carriages or Travellers to pass the said last mentioned Road and River; and that the said'Roads cannot be 1 sufficiently

54° 29° Februar . 1772.

sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the necessary Bridges built over the said River and , Watercourl'e, by the ordinary Course of Law: And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, as to the Roads therein mentioned; and for giving further Power to the Commissioners, in the said Act named, for repairing the said last mentioned Roads; and for building Bridges over the said River Tame and Watercourse at Hampstead aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shr<l.* A Bill to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the n *’ Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of; and for appropriating Part of the Tolls, collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finishing the fame; and for granting additional Terms to the several Acts for repairing the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Clive, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pole’* - An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, to enable Reginald Pole Esquire, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of pursuant to the Will

of Sir Coventry Carew, Baronet, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shilton A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-tnclofare. unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of the Common and Open Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Common Fields, Wades, and Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, which, in their present State, are incon-' veniently situated; and, that it-would be advantageous, if the said Common Fields and Premises were divided and inclosed, according to the respective Rights and Properties of the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Wades, and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Sir John do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Thames A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, ®*nlt,s,de Wharfs, and Lands, in the Street called the Bank Side, ,m an menu parish Qf Saint S Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Set- ting forth, That, since the Opening of Black Friars Bridge, the Passage through the said Street is greatly increased; and that many Encroachments have been lately erected, by which the Padage through the same is rendered extremely inconvenient and dangerous; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Street might be rendered of great Public Utility, by an Embankment, on the South Side of the River Thames, from the Faul-con, to Bank End, within the said Parish, so as to render

the said Street of a sufficient Width; and that the Petitioners are willing to execute such Embankment, in the Front of their respective Properties, at their own Expence: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, and for removing any Encroachments or Annoyances within the said Street, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. ThrSir Joseph -hey, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Williams, Clerk, Vicar or Incumbent of the Parish Church of Oakham, in the County nc*°"fe’ of Rutland, Mary Davie, William Burton, John Samuel Adcock, Henry Cooke, Rickard Hubbard, Mary Hubbard, Jqfiah Cramp, Thomas Rudkin, ’Thomas lin, James Bellars, Andrew Meadows, Henry Gilbert,

Samuel Adcock, and others, Owners of Lands, and Persons interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Common Grounds, within the Hamlet of Barlythorpe, in the said Parish of Oakham, in the said County of Rutland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Property of the several Owners of Land in the said Fields, lies greatly intermixed and dispersed; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Persons interested therein, if such Fields and Commons were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Fields and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

George Bridges Brudenell and Lord Brownlow Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Mullenri in Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the r®"* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullen's Pond, in’ the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Sa/isbury, and several other Roads in the said Act mentioned, and also for repairing and widening several other Roads leading out of the said Roads, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and also of several Gentlemen and others, residing in the Counties of Hants and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and find it necessary that some Alterations should be made in the Powers of the said Act; and that the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from to Chick-

lade on the Hill, in the Parish of in the County of Wilts, to the Turnpike Road in Fonthill Street; and also the Road leading from the Road near the Market House in Amesbury,-through to the Road

leading from Andover to Sarum, and from thence to the Road near the Three Mile and Half Stone from Stock-bridge, in the County of Hants, to Salisbury; and also the High Road leading from Wily, through Hanging Langford, to the End of the Parish of Hanging Langford, towards Wilton, in the said County of; and also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road, near the House of William Winter, in the Parish of Hanging Langford aforesaid, across the River there, to the Road in the Parish of St epic Langford, in the said

County

12 Geo. lit. 29° Februarii.

54i

County of Wilts-, and kilo the Road leading from the Road at the Top of the Hill in the Parish of All Saints, to a Road Called Stord Way, leading to

minster, in the said County of Wilts, are in general in a ruinous Condition, and in fojne Parts dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be repaired and kept in Repair by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, and for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Jolliffe, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Morning next, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edmund Samuel Bofusorth, Mau-

J rice Griffiths, Graham Frank, and William Francis

ertOH, Trustees appointed by Power of Attorney from the Executors of the W ill ot of the

Colony and Dominion of Esquire, for several

of the Purpoits of the said Will, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Christopher R binjcn, by his lull Will and Testament, made in Virginia, on or about the 16th Day of July 1708, did desire, if his Estate in Yorksldre, in England, should be sold by virtue of a Power of Attorney which he had sent Home for that Purpose, the Money arising by such Sale should be laid out in Lands and Negroes proportion-ab!y; which he bequeathed to his Son Christopher

binji.n, and the Heirs Male of his Body for ever; and in Failure thereof, then in the Manner directed in his Will, with divers other Legacies therein mentioned; and the Testator soon after died, and the said Will was proved in common Form in Virginia, where the said Will now is, in the proper Office in that Province; and that the said Christopher Rob'mjon, the Son, is a Minor, of the Age of 18 Years, or thereabouts; and that the Whole of the said Yorkshire Estate remained unfold at the Time of the Testator’s Death, and a Mortgage for £. 2,000, then before made, of the Manor of in the said County, and other Estates there, is a subsisting Charge on the Freehold Part of the said Estate; and that the said Testator, at the Time of his Death, was considerably indebted in Virginia-, and his Family are desirous of having the Whole of the said Yorkshire Estate fold, for the Purpose of paying off the said Mortgage, and to apply the Overplus Money to the proper Uses 5 but it is apprehended, the same cannot be done, unless the Exemplification of the said Will be made Evidence in the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain, and some further Powers given, to make legal Conveyances, and to do such other Acts as may be necessary, notwithstanding the Minority of the Heir at Law’, and to effectuate an Agreement entered into by the Petitioners, the Trustees, with the Prebendary of Dunnington, for the enfranchising of Part of the said Yorkshire Estate, and other Purposes; and for settling a Cocnpensation, in Consideration thereof, upon the Prebendary of Dunnington, for the Time being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the Exemplification of the said Will Evidence as aforesaid, and for giving such other Power and Relief as may be necessary, and for effectuating and establishing the said Agreement, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, puri'uant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Laf-celles, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Vol. 33.

A Petition of John Angtll was presented to the House, Spurn and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner being seised HgtitboalM: in Fee of the SpuYn Point, situate in the County of Turk, and of certain Lighthouses erected thereon, and the Duties collected and paid for the same; and Complaints having been made, by the Trinity House at Deptford Strand, that the Situation of the Lights were not altogether so commodious for Trade as they desired, and the Petitioner being delitous of enquiring into the Truth thereof, as the said Lights had for above too Years past been in their then Situation, the said Trinity Hoije prevailed upon Leonard Thompfoft, Esquire, who claims One-fourth Part, which the Petitioner coatefts, of the Duties arising from such Lighthouses, to apply for an Act, to take down and rebuild the said Lighthouses in a more convenient Spot upon The Spurn, very near their present Situation; for which Purpose, an Act was palftd in the Sixth of His present Majesty, whereby the said Leonard Thompson was empowered to take down and remove the said Lighthouses, and build others, with Powers to borrow Money, and containing many Clauses oppressive upon the Petitioner, and injurious to hist Property; and that the said Leonard Thompson, from Inability of Circumstances and otherwise; hath not been able to raise Money sufficient for the Purposes of rebuilding the said Lighthouses, lb that the same have only the Foundations laid; and that the Petitioner always has been, and stifl is, ready and willing to build the said Lighthouses, at his own Expence, subject to the Inspection and Direction of the Trinity House, and to repay the said Leonard Thompson and the Trinity House all such Charges legally incurred under, and susbequent to, the said Act ' And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal certain Clauses in the aforesaid Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, and for altering and amending certain other Clauses therein, so as to enable the Petitioner to' build and erect the said Lighthouses, to the Satisfaction of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in general, and the Trinity House aforesaid in particular.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the ^Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of;

Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vestry, cierken#eii and principal Inhabitants, of the new Church and John)

Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of new Jrc ' Middlesex, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Reciting several Acts, of the 9th and 10th Years of Queen Anne, and the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, for granting certain Duties on the Importation of Coal and Culm, for the Purpose of building Fifty new Churches in and near the Cities of

London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, and for other Purposes; and that, by virtue of the last mentioned Act, the additional Duty thereby imposed is appropriated for the sole Purpose of providing Maintenance for the Ministers of the intended new Churches, of which the said Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, was the Second in order of Time; but, through Neglect or Mismanagement, no Act has as yet passed for the En-< dowment of the fame, though mod, if not all, of the other Parishes, have been endowed by Parliament, ac-

6 Y cording

54^ ^9° Februarii — Mar Hi* A. 1772*

cording to the said Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First: And therefore praying, That, in regard the said Parish of Saint John, C/erkemve/l, is one of the new Parishes erected by the Commissioners under the above Acts of Parliament, and the Provision for the Maintenance of the Minister thereof being very small and precarious, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for endowing the said Church of Saint Join, Clerkenwell, and providing a Maintenance for the Minister thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Junior,

Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stuart’* A Petition of the honourable James Archibald

Fee Farm being offered to be presented to the House;

Rent* The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That his Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date the Third of February, in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, did grant unto Edward then Earl of Sandwich, and the Heirs Male of his Body lawfully begotten, amongst several Manors and Lands, and other Annual or Fee Farm Rents therein particularly mentioned, an Annual Fee Farm Rent of £.113 per Annum, Bluing out of the Parks of Bewbujh and Shelley, then lately disparked, with their Appurtenances, in the County of for

ever; and that the Right of the Grantee, in the said Fee Farm Rent, by several mesne Conveyances, became veiled in Edward Esquire, who, by his

Will, bearing Date the 22<\ of May 1755, devised the said Fee Farm Rent to Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, in Trust, for the Second and every other younger Son of his the Testator’s Daughter, the Countels of Bute, successively, in Tail General; and in Default of such Issue, in Trust for the Right honourable John Earl of Sandwich, and the Heirs Male of his Body; and in Default of such Issue, to his the Testator’s own right Heirs; and that the said Edward lVortley died some time afterwards, leaving the Petitioner, the Second Son of his the said Edward Daughter, the said

Countess of Bute, who, as l'uch, became entitled to the said Fee Farm Rent, as Tenant in Tail General; and that, by Indenture of Bargain and Sale, inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, bearing Date the 5th Day of February 1772, and made between the Moll noble Evelyn Duke of Kingjlonand Edward Woodcock, of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Grantees under the Right honourable Leveson Earl Gower, the surviving Trustee of the Real Estate of the said Edward lVortley, and the Petitioner, of the First Part; Thomas Barnard, of Lincoln s Inn aforesaid. Gentleman, of the Second Part; Richard of Lin-

coln's Inn aforesaid. Gentleman, of the Third Part; and Elborough Woodcock, of Lincolns Inn aforesaid. Gentleman, of the Fourth Part; and by virtue of a common Recovery, thereupon duly suffered, the said Annual Fee Farm Rent was and Hands conveyed to, and to the Use of, the said Elborough Woodcock, his Heirs and Assigns, in Trust, for the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns forever; and that the Petitioner is advised, that the Reversion or Remainder in Fee of the said Fee Farm Rent, expectant upon the Failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the said John Earl of Sandwich, the Grantee in the said beforfc-mentioned Letters Patent, is vested in the Crown; and the Petitioner,

being in Manner aforesaid, seised of, and entitled to, the same Fee Farm Rent, to him and his Heirs, until such Failure of Heirs Mail of the Body of the said John Earl of Sandwich, the Petitioner is desirous of becoming a Purchaser of the said Reversion or Remainder in Fee of the said Fee Farm Rent, so vested in the Crown as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of the said Annual Fee Farm Rent, in Trust, for the Use of the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, upon a full Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 10th Day of March next, refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of Holland Cookfey, Esquire, was presented Colney

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Proprietor of a Part of the River Colney, and divers Mills erected thereon, in the Parish of Horton, in the County of Bucks, used for grinding Com, manufacturing Paper, Oils, and Snuff, which Manufactures are greatly injured and impeded, by the Difficulties and Delays attending the Navigation of the River Thames, between Maidenhead Bridge and Isleworth, and which Inconveniences and Impediments would be removed, and great Benefit accrue to the Petitioner in carrying on the said Trades and Manufactories, and to the Public in general, by opening a more safe and speedy Conveyance of Goods to and from the Metropolis, if a Navigable Cut, or Canal, were made, from the Petitioner’s said Mills, to communicate with the said River,

at Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, and at or near Maidenhead Bridge, in the said County of Bucks; towards which Purposes, the Petitioner and many others are willing and ready to subscribe a Sum sufficient for carrying the same into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Navigable Cut, or Canal, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Ltiy ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Catharine Lady u Viscountess Fitzwilliam, Maurice Dreyer, and John Daniel Richmoid. Dreyer, of London, Merchants, Trustees on Behalf of the said Catharine Lady Fitzwilliam.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 2° diMartii;

Anno 12® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

f'ONRAD Rucker and John Luke Ifelin took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Nominees upon Sur-vivorship, that have died between Midsummer 1693, and the 5th Day of January 1772, distinguishing the Number that have died in each Year; together with an Account of the Number and Names of the Nominees now living.

And then he withdrew.

And

Rocker

and

Ifelin’#

Nit.

Erchester

Nominees.

Sand ford, &c. Inclosure.

Loyne Ri

( Lancafte r) Navigation

i2 Geo. lit.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of 'this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Paftufe, within the Manor of Sand ford, in the Parish of War cop, in the County of Westmoreland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Anthony Abdy, Lord John Cavendijk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r Mr. Reynolds reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Foxcroft, Esquire, Mayor of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, Abraham Rawlinson , William DillworthJohn Bowes, "Thomas

Satterthwaite, William Watson, John Houfman, Samuel Simpson, John Barrow, Henry Fell, Joshua Whalley, Richard Salisbury, John RoWlandson, Edward Suart the

Younger, Richard Miller Jon, John Rawlinson, and Robert Dodson, Merchants, being Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed in, by virtue and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne otherwise called Lane, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also of the several other Pep-ions, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Traders residing within the Town of Lancaster aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read, whereby it appeared. That One Moiety of the Duties granted thereby expired on the 30th Day of April last: That the Commissioners and Trustees appointed to execute the said Act, are restrained from borrowing any further Sum than £.2,000; and that they are impowered to contract for the Purchase of a certain Building, called The Weigh House, for the Purpose of widening the Road to the new Quay, or Wharf; but have no Power to compel the Proprietors to sell the same.

Mr. William Barrow, being examined, produced an Account of the Receipt and Disbursements of the said Commissioners, by which it appeared, that 2,000 had been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, £. 1,100 of which still remains owing upon Bond,

It also appeared by the said Account, that since the Expiration of the said Moiety of the Duties, the Debt is increasing.

The Witness then informed your Committee, That the remaining Moiety of the said Duties is insufficient for carrying on the Works already begun , and that other Works are still necessary for improving the said Navigation.

That it will be necessary, for completing the Purposes of the said Act, to purchase certain Common Pastures or Waste Grounds, near the said River, and also the said Weigh House, which was formerly Part of the Custom House, but is now a Warehouse for Pots:

That the said Act is defective in many Particulars} and that the good Purposes thereby intended cannot be carried into Execution, unless the Commissioners are impowered to borrow a further Sum of Money,

William Lindow, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Barrow.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Vbi. 33*

54-3

explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne otherwise called Lime, and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Reynolds and Sir George Warren do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, accord- Hammering,m

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure‘ Common Fields, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received j and ‘ read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertiepresented to the House, accord- Bourn, ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, *.c-a certain Parcel of Land, called or known by the Name rainage-of The Cow Pasture, lying in the South Fen, in the Pari fh of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln; and for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received} and read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Methuen presented to the House, according to St. Nicholas Order, a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Common- nc Bre' able Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick in the County of Warwick: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Sunbury presented to the House, accord- Bury ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and al- st Edmund % tering and enlarging the Powers, or an Act, made in the Roads; Tenth Year of His present Majesty* for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds, to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds in the said County of Suffolk: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cornwall presented to the House, according to Corpomio*,. Order, a Bill for regulating the Admission of Freemen into Corporations: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and LowToynton Commonable Places, in the Parish, Lordship, or Liber- inclosure. ties, of Low Toynton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Am-cotts. Lord George Cavetidish,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Ccrlton, Carlton Moor or Common, and an Open Field, called The &c.* Town Field, in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in Incl«sure. the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rid-

ley.

2° Mar tit.

544 2* Mariii A. 177$;

fcy, Lord Cavend'tjh&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Carenham A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-IneJofure. mon Fields, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Wallace, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

off) ton Sir John Wroltejley, reported from the Committee, to

James, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several lnctofure Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rushton James, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of

Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an Estate, entitled to Right of Common, of the Annual Value of 40s.; and that the Whole of the Estates entitled to such Common Right, are of the Annual Value of £.525. i8r.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ;which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Aldermaston A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads from to Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to , and to

Basingstoke, the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, and to Roads the Turnpike Road leading to at Popham Lane,

in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Congreve, Mr. Hopkins, (see.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

j)iK0. A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads from Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and to the Turnpike Roads from Basingstoke to Andover, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester, at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton; and setting forth. That the Road leading from Batighurst Street, in the Parish of Baughurfi, over Browning Hill, to the Place where it will join the said Road from Aldermaston to Popham Lane, is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Congreve, Mr. Dodd, See.; And they are to meet To-morro.v Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Plymouth Sir Charles Hardy reported from the Committee, to streets, whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth,

in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Addis Archer, Edmund Robin*

Jon, George Woolcombe, Esquires, and others, Commissioners named in, and acting under, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town; and also the Petition of the several Persons,. whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Houses and Buildings, fronting the Streets of the Townof; were referred;

That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bi ir.grofled.

Colonel Pringle presented to the House, according to Berwick Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads R<wk. from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Banghovje Walls, to Compton s Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Benvick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom Binning* the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- throng cution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth W*1*1*1. Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bi/fon, and from thence to Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared" to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Charles Stuart, being examined, said. That the Trustees

have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed the Sum of Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied towards repairing the said Roads:

That the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, be further continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbttry,

to a Place called High Bullen, apd to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge,

through

12 Geo. III.

through Dudley^ to Kittgnvinford, and to the further End of Britt el Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester: And that Mr. Skifnvith and Sir John Molejwoi thdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mlhopgate Mr. Alderman Treeothick reported from the Commit-PpMJ Bl*u.tee» wh°nl Pct*tion of the Churchwardens,

Overseers, and Parishioners, of the Parish of Saint Bo~ tolph, Bishopgate, in the Liberties of the City of whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Housekeepers of the said Pari 111, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition } and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read’ the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Situs, being examined, said. That the said Parish is of great Extent, and the Poor therein very numerous and burthensome: That the Burthen is greatly increased by the Number of Houses let out to several Tenants, or to Lodgers, ready furnished, which augments the Number of occasional Poor, and, at the same Time, renders it extremely difficult to assess and recover the Rates for their Relief: And that there

are Five hundred Houses, within the said Parish, let in that Manner.

Mr,. Deputy Judd, being examined, said. That there are Five hujidicd and Fifty-five Houses, within the said Parish, under Ten Pounds a Year, the greatest Part of which are let out in Tenements.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual aftefling and collecting of the Rates for Relief of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint

Bishopgate, in the Liberties of the City of London: And that Mr, Alderman Treeothick and Mr. Alderman Oliver do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Owen* General Graeme presented to the House, according to terry*Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen'f Ferry, through the Towns of hrverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from ‘ the said Queen's Ferry to the Towns of Dumfermline, Torryburn, and Cuirofs; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, through to Bruntisland and

Kirkcaldie: And the same was received i and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it v.as referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rejo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British MuJ<eum to carry on the Execution of the Trull repoled in them by Parliament.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

House.

Way* . Sir Charles Whinvorth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Moans for raising the Supply 'granted to His Majesty; the Re-solution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 33.

545

RefoJveA That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

"That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One "Year, beginning the 25th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land ^ax, granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Tire said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Charles Toivujhend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Rcbitifo do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Teas.

Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound W’eight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Bri; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the British Dominion* in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas ip fmailer Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America-, and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great and for settling certain Doubts and Deputes which have arisen upon the said Act of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, 4n Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company', as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in fmailer Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain; and for settling certain Doubts, and Disputes which have arilen upon the > said Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth dp carry the Bill to die Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made. That it be an Instrudron to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re- ColleAioo ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Am . °^.. Majesty, that they do consider of a proper Method of *U1 securing to the Public the Possession of a large Collection of Etruscan, Grecian, and Roman Antiquities, brought from Italy by Sir William Hamilton, and of preserving the same for the Die of the Public, by dc-pofiting the same in the British Mifturn;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends to the House, the Consideration of a proper Method of securing to the Public the Possession of the said Antiquities.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of a proper Method of securing to the Public the Possession of a large Collection of Etruscan,

and Roman Antiquities, brought from Italy by Sir

liamHamilton, and of preserving the same for the Use of the Public, by depositing the same in the British Mufanm.

€ Z A Motion

2

546 2 — 30

fending A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Wntw That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of , in the

room of Hesrry VanjittartEfauirt, deceased;

It passed in the Negative.

Thirtieth The House was moved. That an Act, made in the of Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

January, " An Act for the Attainder of several Persons

guilty of the horrid Murder of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act, as directs that every Thirtieth Day of January shall be for ever kept and observed, in all His Majesty’s Dominions, as a Day of Fading and Humiliation;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 23d Day of Avgujl 1660, of the Proceedings of the House, on the Report of the Conference with the Lords, on the Bill of General Pardon and Indemnity, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act, as directs that every Thirtieth Day of January shall be for ever kept and observed, in all His Majesty’s Dominions, as "a Day of Falling and Humiliation;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telleu fertile You.’j 97-

TcIlers for.h.NoesJ^g^ . It}.

So it pafl*ed in the Negative.

The other Orders of thfe Day being read;

Ely ‘ Refohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Houic. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Right Reverend ' Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon tVednesday and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean«. w(10ie House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply.- Resolved, That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 30 die Mar tit;

Anno 12* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Ormfide Anthony Abdyreported from the Committee, to

Inclosure. U whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Ormfide, in the Parish of , in the County of

Westmor eland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through

Maftii. 17 7 21

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That if any Difference shall arise between the Parties, the same may be tried at Law.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Kingmonoo Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of - ("d®* nor/on, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved., That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Dowdeswell, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl Percy reported from the Committee, to St. Mmi» whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, lhekJ^ Vestrymen, and Overseers of the Poor, of the Parish of w Saint 'Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of fVe/l-minster, in the County of Middlesexwas referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is ais followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Workhouse, in the Parish 1 of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of fi-

minster, in the County of Middlesex, was read: And,

Mr. John Marfltall, bne of the Overseers of the said Parish, being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Act; but that the Sum of f. 6,000, authorized to be raised thereby, is insufficient for completing the said Workhouse; artd the Act cannot be carried into Execution, unless the said Parish are enabled to raise a further Sum for that Purpose: That it is also necessary that the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, and Overseers, should be empowered to contract with some Person or Persons for the Employment of the Poor; and that the said Act is defective in other Respects.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Workhouse, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex-, and for better Employment of the Poor of the said Parish: And that the Earl Percy and Sir Robert Bernard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to confirm and establish an Indenture of Agree- Great ment, for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Lands, Paantoa and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Great Pann- Iotioi‘:;e-ton, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing several other Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the same Manor and Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr, Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afterncoa, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An

Lewis’s

Divert.

Ifelm’s

Nar.

Oraper’s

Oivorcc.

v. a

Elv Hemfe, Holboorn.

12 Geo. III.

3° Mar tit.

547

An ingu fled Bill from tfce Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of H Lezvis with Unit otherwise Heals, his now Wife; and to enable him

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That Leave He given to bring in a Bill for veiling Ely House.in Ho/bourn, in Trustees, to be conveyed to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or as they shall direct, and for applying the purchase Money, together with a Sum of ,£. 3,000 to be paid for Dilapidations, in the building and fitting up.

Rejwvsd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee another House, and purchasing Ground for that Pur-1 " pose, for the future Residence of the Bishops of,

and for applying the Surplus for the Benefit of the See; jvnd for other Purposes. to be therein mentioned: And-that Sir Cotton, Mr. Yorke, and Sir Charles

F do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, the nth Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said - Bill. *

O.-dsred, That it be an lnftrudlion to the said Committee, Thai they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-nefl'es, for the said Bill; and all'o, that they do hear

Sir Sampson Gideon reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Owners and Pro-

Couniel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if prietors of certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, lying <lie Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Couniel, a certain Place called Broadalis otherwise or to produce Witnesses. Great Hilks, Little Hides, Pollins, and certain Lands

.; . called The Four Hundred. Acre Farm, and a Farm called

A Bill for naturalizing John Luke Ifelitt, was read a Petty's No/e, in the Parish of Ram fey, in the County of

Ramfry,

&c.

Drainage,

Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kytwjbn, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r

t a !

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Draper with betk Hartnell, his now Wife 5 and to enable him to marry again: and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was; read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

R johed, 'YL\\ix the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. h

1 ResolveeJ, Th2it this House will, upon night, the 12th Day of this IhfLant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Com-

Huntingdon; and of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called or known by the Names of Chappel Farm, Lilly Holts, Ben-wick Lotts, Turf Fen,

Bsjizvhk Meere, Dykeamoore. Mangers, Sedge

Feu, Ranfon Moor, Little Bradney, Moor, and

Bedlams, and bounded on the North by the River Mw, and on the South by a certain Sewer or Drain called Vernitty dens Drain otherwise The Forty Feet Drain, and on the West by Bapfey Meere, and toward the North and East by Burrough My or Common, Farm,

Coney Wood Fed, Bedlam, os ' Ranfon Moor Drove, and the Hard Lands of Doddingtonand a certain Turnpike Road, leading from the said Hard Lands to Vermuydens Drain aforesaid, in the Several Pari fives or Townships'of March, DodJIngtpn, Betrwick, and Chatteris, in the of Ely, in the County of Camwas referred; That the Committee had; examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dife&ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

mi*tee,<That.*hfcy do hoar Counsel, and examine Wit- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was. read; and is as folloWeth; I <:

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Moore, being examined, said. That the Lands above described are, from their low Situation, and the Decay of the Banks of thd River and of

their Outfalls to:'Sea, often overflown, to’the great Damage of the Proprietors thereof; and that the North Bank of Fvrmuy den's Drain, from Career's Bridge to The Forty Feet Bridge, is a Common High Road, and in a ruinous Condition; and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being. . ;. '

Mr. Henry Lawrence Maydwell confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Ground?, in' the Parish of in the.

County of , and in the Parishes of Doddington,

March, Benwick, and Chatteris, within the of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuy-den’s or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The

nclfes, for the Iaid Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Wjtricfles. against the said Bill, if the: Parties -concerned think fit to bd heard by Counsel; or’to produce Witnesses.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to xelblve irfelT into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderof the.Petition of the Right Reverend; mund Lord Bishop of Ely, be now read.

And the said.Order being read accordingly;

The H.ouletefoJved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Hynde Cotton took the Chair of the Committee. ’

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, , .

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, ThattJie.Repprt bejnow received.

Sir John Hynde Cotton accordingly reported from thp

said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House,. That Leave be given to bri/tg in a

Bill for vefling Ely..House,.in Ho/bourn* in, Trustees, to Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey: And

be conveyed to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or as they Avail direct, and for applying the Purchase Money, together with a Sum of £. 3,000 to be paid for Dilapidations, in the building and fitting up another House, and purchasing Ground for that Purpose, for the future Residence of the Bishops of Ely, and for applying the Surplus for the Benefit of the See; and for other Purposes to be therein mentioned.

And Sir John Hynde Cotton moved the House accordingly.

Voi*3*

that Sir Sampson Gideon, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Fellowes, and Mr. Wyldbove, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Samson Gideon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands, called and known by the several Names of The Setts, Great and Near

IFype, The Farr Doles in Farr Oldeamere,

The Turves, Eastrea Fen, and in the Township of fVhittleJey, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of

Whittlesey.

tic.

Drainage.

Bark.

(Currien.)

Oalc Timber.

548 3° Mar. A. 177a,

of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the (kme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining several Lands, within Whittlesey aforesaid, was read; whereby it appeared, That the said Lands were, amongst other Lands in the said Township, charged with a certain Annual Payment of Two Shillings per Acre for the First Year after the passing of the said Act, and One Shilling and Sixpence for every succeeding Year.

Mr. Henry Lawrence May dwell, being examined, produced an Account, by which it appeared. That the following Sums are owing on the Credit of the said Act, in the several Districts i and that the further Sums herein mentioned are dill necessary to complete the Purposes of the said Act; viz.

Third District.

£. s. £. s, d.

Sumowing - - - 461 12 if? ,

Sum wanting - - 460 o o 3 y *

Fourth District.

Sumowing - - -1,018 12 3 lI4,g 4

Sum wanting- - - 460 o o j

Fifth District.

Sumowing - - - 908 12 ?{} .

Sum wanting- - - 200 o o J *

And he informed your Committee, That the said Debts cannot be discharged, nor the said Lands com* pletely drained, without an additional Tax.

Mr. George Fawne, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands, and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of fey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the several Fen and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said Act: And that Sir , Sir John

Hynde Cotton, Mr. Fellowcs, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or Mystery of the Curriers of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read 1 Setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen a Petition from the Tanners to this House, respecting the present great Scarcity and exorbitant Price of Oak Bark, which, the Petitioners apprehend, arise from the Causes in the said Petition assigned, and must, if not speedily remedied, produce the Consequences mentioned in the said Petition: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners in and near the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Tanners in Great Britain, is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

Timber, for the' Use of the Royal Navy: And that Mr. Hervey, Mr. Buller, and Mr. Stephens, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to make Freehold and Copyhold, and Customary Freehold Estates, Assets for Payment of Simple Contraft Debts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into*a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1772: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to consider of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to Capital Offences, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chtfer, to or near Middlewich and Nantwick, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of , to or near Middlewich and N, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Banbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Billa for the more effectually securing sufficient Quantities of Oak

Freehold

Efotes,

kc.

Met*,

Militia.

Criminal

Lavs*

Infohreat

Debtor*.

Chaffer*

kc.

Canal.

Game*

Wilh

of

Papists.

12 Geo. III.

y,

Martii-

r *

549

Mercurily 40 Martii; Anno 12# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772;

Prayers.

king'*

Petition of the Owners and (3cfcup»er$ of Mef-

AI

fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

„ ijtuate, lying, and being, in the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, of GuJJington, Chilton-, Shapwick, Stowe//, Sutton , Moor/inch, Grienton,

Woolavington,. Ashcott, Pe , Compton Dutidoa, Wejion Mid/ezoy,

- Ham, Duma are. B,

nay, Netherhajn, Alley, Chedzoy, Littleton, »

Scmerton, Pitney, Weam, ITootton, and Long Sutton, in the County of Somerset, having Right of Common ort King's Sedgemoor, in the same County, was presented to the House* and read; Setting forth, That the said Moor, which contains about 18,000 Acres of Pasture Land, has ever been Open and Uninclosed, and without any Boundaries, ot Limits of Division, marking or denoting-any particular Part thereof as belonging to any , one Manor, Hamlet, or Place, and the Produce thereof . hath been always had and taken indiscriminately: and . that the Petitioners have been informed of a Plan, lately jmeditated, for bringing in a Bill for draining, dividing,

and inclosing, -the said Moor into separate and distinct . Commons,! for the several Parishes, Hamlets, Manors, or Lqrdships, entitled to Right of Common, in , Proportion to their several Annual Values, and for t yelling l'ueli separate. Commons in the Proprietors of ,such Manors and Estates, to their foie and exclusive -.Use j which, the Petitioners think, is altogether useless and unnecessary, as sufficient Powers for draining the said Moor, and the Lands near tire fame,1 are given by an Act of the nth and 12th Years of King William tire Thvd.i, and that any Division of the said Moor into separate Commons will be highly prejudicial and hurtful, ,not oply. to the Petitioners' in particular, but to the Community in general: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselvesor Counsel, ,against the Petition for the said Bill; and that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and protest the Rights and Properties of the Petitioners inviolate a^d grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet- ... 1

Or tier id-. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Lords of the Manor, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the several Parishes and Hturdets, of Scmerton,- Compton. Dundon, Street, Walton, Aijhcott, Grienton, Murlinand divers other

Parishes and Hamlets, interested in a Tract of Waste Ground, called King'sSedgmoor, in the County of

set, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That.it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Scaftworth i>. Sir Thomas F'-auhland reported from the Committee, iDdofure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Vv'afle. Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Scaftworth, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they liad dirtied him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

and then a Second Time, One by One; land, upon the 4Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the f-Joufe;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrafted.

' ' 'W '

Mr. Burtell presented to the House', according to Riclimoni

Order, a Bill lot building a Bridge'across' the River Bridge. Thames, from Richmond, in the County of the

opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritancfe of the Ferry at Richmond aforesaid to William' , Esquire,

in Fee Simple: And the same was received; and read the First Timev ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee; Breartod to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclosure; -Moors, or Commons, called Rigg Moor, and Sreartott Moor, within the Manor of Brearton, in the Parish of Knaresbrough, in the County of Yowas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates in the said Parish of the Annual Value of f. 44, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Estates within the said Parish are of the Annual Value of £. 454. 10 s.; and that no 'Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivcredthe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Onefc>y One; and, upost the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.'

Ordered, That the Bril, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rigby presented to the Hou(e, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terfn and Powers of an jj, y"tH.

Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s &c.

Reign, for -repairing, widening, and altering, feVenjl Road*. Roads leading from Tavistock to; and other Places, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from thC Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Brook Street, to Cherry Brook, and to Dunnabrid^e Pound-, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwell' Ham and New Quay, in the said County; And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Congrez>ereported from the Committee, to whom Aldermarton,

the Petition of several Gentlemen and other Inhabitants of the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme; as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. ’ A

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

George Woodward Grove, Esquire, being examined, said;

That the Road from Baughurji Street to the Place where it will join the Turnpike Road from Aldermajion to Pop-ham Lane, at West Heath, in the said County of Southampton, is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee; to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads from Aldermajion, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Win

&C.

Road*.

W VoltllC Atr, endments *cre °ncc read throughout# chester, at Popham Lane, in the County of Southamptotti

7 A

Smith*

Clarity

Estate*

550 40 Martiu. A. 17

is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate in the the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Parishes of Kenflngton, Chelsea, and, Saint Martin in the Baughurst Street, to its Junction with the intended Turn- Fields, in the County of And that Mr. !

pike Road from Aldermajion to Popham Lane, at West Howard and Mr. Cholm/ey do prepare, and bring in, the Heath, in the County of Southampton. fame.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom A Petition of the Right hohoufable George Earl of Follioot the Petition d( the Right honourable Lord George Ger- Egremont, Lord of the Honor or Manor of in hidofure.

maine, the Right honourable George Onflozv, Sir Francis the County of an Infant, by the Right honour-Vincenh, Baronet, Peter Burrell ', Esquire, George Woodroffe, able Alicia Maria, Countess of and the Right

Esquire, Abraham Tucker, Esquire, George Howard, honourable Percy Wyndham O'Brien, Earl Esquire, and George Onslow, of Ockham, Esquire, in Be- in the Kingdom of Ireland, his Guardians, was presented half of themselves and others, Trustees of the Estatesof to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for Henry Smith, Esquire deceased, and of Richard Webb, dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Bridget Webb, Elizabeth Burton, Joftpb Alleyn, and Grounds, within the Manor of in the County

others, the poor Kindred of the said Henry Smith, was of York; and letting forth, That, by the said Bill, referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter Daniel Lascelles, Esquire, hath assumed himself to be of Fact contained in the said Petition; a State whereof Lord of the said supposed Manor of Follifool, and as they had directed him to report to the House; and he such, seised of, or entitled to, the Soil and Royalties of a Tead |,he Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered Mooror Common therein described as containing i,iod it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; Acres, or thereabouts, as being Parcel of the said sup-and is as followeth; viz. pofedManor; and, by the said Bill, a certain Allot-

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said ment is proposed to be made to him, of a Proportion Petition* is as followeth: of the said Moor or Common, as a Compensation to

A Member present informed your Committee, That him, as Lord of the said supposed Manor, for his sup-

the said Mr. Smith died possessed of a considerable Estate: posed Right to the Soil of the said Moor, or Common;

And, and that the Petitioner is advised, and apprehends, that

Mr. William Bray produced to your Committee, a there isno such Manor existingas the said supposed Manor true Copy of the Will of Mr. Smith, examined at the of Follifoot, or* if there be such a Manor, that the said proper Office; by which it appeared, that the Testator Moor or Common is not Parcel thereof, but is Parcel bequeathed, to the Use of poor Captives, being Slaves of the Petitioner’s Honor or Manor of and

under Turkish Pirates, the Sum of £. 1,000, to be laid that the Petitioner, as Lord of the said Honor or Manor, <

out in the Purchase of Lands, of the Yearly Value of is entitled to the Soil and Royalties of the said Mooror £.6o-, and did also devilc, for theUfe of the poorest of Common: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner his Kindred £. i,oco, to be laid out in the Purchase of may be heard by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and Lands, in Manner therein mentioned. in Support of the Petitioner’s Rights in the said Honor

The said Mr. Bray also produced to your Committee or Martor of Spofforth. a Deed of Conveyance to the Trustees under the said Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the "Will, of an Estate in Kenflngton, now let at £. 151 a Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and Year, out of which, he said, the Trustees for the Time that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, upon being did for several Years apply the Sum of £. 60 an- his Petition, if he thinks fit. nually (or so much thereof as was applied for) towards Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the the Redemption of poor Captives; but it appeared by feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said the Minute Book of the Trustees, that there has been Petition, no Claim made in Behalf of Persons under that Description, since the Year 1723; and that the Savings arising A Petition of the Bailiffs and Citizens of the City of Com. thereout, amounting to £. 7,530, with the Dividends Lichfield, was presented to the House, and read; Com- (Lichfield.) thereof, have been laid out in the Purchase of Old South Sea plaining of the great Decrease in the Quantities of Corn

Annuities and that the further Sumof £. 1,628. i$s.+d. brought to Market, owing, as the Petitioners appre-

of the like Annuities has been purchased with the Pro- hend, to the combined Body of Millers and principal duce of the said £.60 per Annum, and the Dividends of Farmers: And praying the House, to take the Pre-

the former Sum. mises into Confederation, and provide some speedy Rc-

The Witness also produced to your Committee, ah lief for this great and growing Evil.

Account of Money paid to the poor Kindred of the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Testator (many of whom he said were old and infirm) Table.

amounting to £.71. 17 s. per Ann.-, and he said, That ’ .

if the Dividends of the aforesaid Sums of £. 7,530 and Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing the £. 1,628. 13 s. 4 d.were to be shared amongst them, it Office of Lord High Admiral, of Great Britain, presented would amount to about £.400 a Year in the Whole, to the 'House, pursuant to their Order,

which would be a comfortableSubsistence to them: And, An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines RoyalNery.

Mr. Edward Glanvil/e informed your Committee, That employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the he had surveyed the Estate at Kenflngton, and that the 31st December 1770 to the 31st December 1771, upon a inverting the Trustees with Power to grant Building Medium of each Month; , distingqishing the Seamen Leases, would greatly improve the same in Value. from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to and mustered in the said Service, enable the Trustees of the Estate of Henry Smith, And the Title of the said Account was read.

Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of Money to The said Account is as followeth; viz. the Relief of his poor Kindred, and to enable the said

Navy

i a Geo. Ill* 40

Navy Office, (An ACCOUNT of the Numt>ef of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of 115th Febtmry 177* i the Royal Navy, from the 31st J^ 1770 to the 31st December 1771; upon a Me-

dium of each Month, distinguisHing the Seamen from the Marines, and What Number of each were borne and mustered in the said Service; prepared purfllaht to an Order of the honourable House of Commons; dated, doth February 1772:

w r-.i- *.. - M O N T H S; l . Seamen. I Marines.

r Borne. Mustered. Borne. Mustered.

January - 31,127 3°>9I9 4.077 r»725

February - - _ _ _ . 33,048 32,887 4.251 1,852

March - -- - - - - 32»°57 3X»568 4.384 2,246

April - - -- - - -- _ _ _ _ _ 31,267 31,682 4.565 2’73I

May - _ 31,202 29,994 4.59° 2,766

24>5°2 23,691 4.775 2,986;

July - - - - 2,24964 22,244 4»744 3>°9°

August «... 2,*»939 22,378 4.924 3.096

September - - .. a „ 22,367 2I,59I 5,218 3.»39

QSlober - -- - -- - 224090 2I»353 5.487 3.169

November ----- - - - 21,836 2°>954 5.754 3»x47

December - -- - - 21,601 20,782 5-96x 3»*52

# 3 17,000 3x0>°43 58.730 33.099

Upon a Medium *-»- *.* a a j - - 26,416 25^36 4.894 2,758

tt Palliser. J. Williams. E. Mason. Brett.

Corporation.

Tixrock-

morton

Inglofure.

ttarriages: Royal Family.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the Admission of Freemen into Corporations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill-

Mr. "Dowdeswellpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Precincts of the Hamlet of , in

the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords by the Lord Chief Baron Parker and Mr. Baron Smythe:.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,- An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

VOL.33.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hul, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, having Estates in or near the Parishes of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, and of Sutton in , in the said East

Riding, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, was. referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed) , viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Wadman, being examined, laid. That the Road from the West End of NewlandClow , in Cutting-ham, to and through the several Places mentioned in the Petition, to the Toll Bar, near the Two Mile Stone, on the Road between Kingston upon Hull and , is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended, widened; and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being.

And he further said, That the building a Bridge cross the River Hull, from Nezvland Clow, 10 the opposite Side, will promote an easy Communication between the different Parts of the Country, and be of general Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the West End of Newland Clow Lane, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of

York,

CottingHam*

Sec.

Road*.

j 5 5 2 - r

York, onto or near Newland Clow, on the West Side of the River Hull-, and from the opposite Bank of the said River, to the South East Corner of the Church Yard Wall in Sutton in Holderness, and from thence to or near Salts Gate, adjoining- to -th* Ttirfcpike- Road between-Kingston, upon-Hull} and \H«do* -aforesaid ;1

and from the said South- East Corner of Sutton -Ghunch-i Yard- Wall, unto, and through Low a-nd '

from thence to the Toll Bar near-the- Ttyd’Mile Stbne' on the said Turnpike Road between Kingston upon Hull and Hedott aforesaid; and also for building a Bridge across the River Hull, at or near Nnvland Clow aforesaid: And that Sir George Savile and the Lord Clare do prepare,

- -and -Wing- in, t he-fame. " "

scanongate The' Lord Advocate of Scotland pfefented to the

(Edinburgh) J^ouse, according to -Oder,- a-Bilf for-lighting, clcanf-Sueets. ing^ aucl watching; the-Scrtets, . Lattes, iand-other Paf-Jages,-of the-Bufgh of Gartmgate,- and the-Libertiesof Pleofanct and adjoining- tO'thi Royalty of the

City of Edinburgh: (And /the tarns'was received; and tead-the First Time.

-Resolved,)That the Kll'be read ^Second Time.

Air A Petition of several Owners <or-Occupiers of Fulling-

a"g.CaI^er -Mills, Rasping; Grinding,-and other-'Mills,- situate upon

mr», the.JRiver Air, in the'West Riding of 'the County of {York, was presented 'to House,-'and 'read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe,'by the Votes, that a: Petition! has been presented to thei HduKe, lor -Leave to bring in a- Bill to extend\and makesalll necessary Improvements in the' Navigation--of the-Rivers Air and Colder -, and that, by the >Report of Mr. Smeaton, an Engineer, who has been eraployedrto-Survey the said Rivers, it appears that several additional Cuts are proposed to be made near the said Rivers, and other Works done for improving the said Navigation; and representing to the House, That if the several Works mentioned in the said Report as necessary to 'be done for the Improvement of the said Navigation should be made, and carried into Execution, the working the said Mills will be very much obstructed, tq the great Loss and Detriment, not only of the Petitioners, but of all Persons who make use of the said Mills: And therefore praying the House, ito.take -the Premises into ’CqnKTdetatfon, Wd ’JhUt the -Petitioners may be heard, by 'thertiftlvts or 'Couttft-1, before the Committee to whom the 'laid 'Pfetition is i*e-'ferrtxljiin Support of the Allegations df’{Heir Petition, -in order -that the whole Matter in Question hfrfy -be fully -enquired into, 'and -that nothing may be done iti aify-wife to prejudice the said Mills, which ftte of -so ‘great Importance to the Trade and Manufactiires ’tH this Kingdom.

Ditux A Petition of the several Pterfotts WffoKeJVafries (are thereunto subscribed, being Land O'Whete, Farthers, Builders, and Containers of Lime, in the City and County York, and the Town-of /fn^w; Upon Hull, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and others in the said City, County, and Town, have for many Years past been fapplied with Lime from the Town of Knottingly, in the County of York, situate upon the Banks of the River wltidvhath

been found to be very beneficial; tind that the Tiiti-titioners are informed, an Application is'intended to b&-made, to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from tfrfc laid River Air, above the said Town of through Brotherton Marjlt, and so to cfeftrt the said

Town of Knottingly-; and which laid Navigable Cut, or

Canal, is intended to be- Ibpplied with Water from the said River Air; which if carried into Extension, and the Navigation from the said Town of Knottingly should be thereby totally loft or prejudiced1* which the Petitioners have great Reason to apprehend, they and others, within the said City, County, and Town, would be deprived of the Benefit of being furnished with Lime from the said Town of Knottingly, and would be unable to

procure any Lime of so good a Quality, and at so easy a Rate, from any other Place, which would :educe them to the greatest Diltrels, and especialiy with rdpect t> the Land within the said County, which, lor Want: Thereof? "wduld feib'ain' bnthlpfoved ’and" Vnc'uftivaic.i: r And' th-eftfor*' praying, That the iPuldfidnerS be ~ heard, .-by t*hemfetVes"oY Co^anfel, against any such in-- tfended'Applrcation,’'wheteby they may, or are likely in -anywilVtobepfrjlidiCed,' of affected rn the Premises; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief as the House Khali think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the^ommittee,

"To* whom ifhe'Tetition of Sir HAlliam Milner, Baronet, Richard Wilson, Esquire, Richard Bur" ton, Esquire, Jeremiah Dixon, Esquire, and others, whose Names- are thereunto subscribed, as well on Behalf of themselves, as of the rest of the - Undertakers ~of the' Nafigation'fof The Rivers Air and Colder, in the County of ii"re-

ferred and the Petitioners are to "be’heart), by their Couufel,"before the said Committe'e, upon their Petitions; if they think'fit.

- Ordered,-Tint it be an Inftroftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel' to be heard, at the fatne*Time,-in Favour mf the said former Petition, against the Petitions now prefcuted.

-A^ill for incorporating and Well'goVerning' she fio- J1* ciety of Free and Accepted Mahons;' and for other Ptir-pefes--therein mentioned; was read a Second'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hotffe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Sudfcw! whom the Bill to restrain the Lord of the Manor of T#,m Sandhurfi ,in the County of Berks, for the Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in eac|i Yeay as the said '' Bill/ is ttlentlohc^l; and ’toWthorize the Lq$f the said M.rdi6r,‘for‘t!lie Time being, to cut Turves, Peat,' Heath, and Fern. Annually, upon such Quantity of JLand as in 'tfre said Bill is'mentioned, was committed. Be received,

\jpOn Dnlfday Morning next.

A Motion Was made, and the Question Beipg pro- Marriign posed, That the ingossed feill from the Lords,.intituled,

An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages pT*. of tlVeltcfyil Family, be now read the Firit. Tpine; ,

The House was moved, That His MajestVs most gracious Message, W hich Was ordered to bq taken into Chilfider&tion upon this Day, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the First Time.

'Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read, a Second Time tlpdn Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, tq^fqar^h Data, the Journals of the House of Lords, as to , what Proceedings aie therein, with Relation to a Bill Kent this Day by the Lords, to this House, intituled, An Act For the better regulating the frit lire Marriages of the Royal Family; and to mafe Report thereof so the House: .

Ami a'Cotfimittee was appointed of Mr. ^eywoKr,

Mr. Doivdefwell, fee..: And they are' to Ttj-.

niorrQw Morning, at Nine of the' Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. , _

A Motion was' made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be printed;

The

12 Geo. III. 40 — 50

553

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,j*'},o9.

Tellers for Ihe Noes,{MriSXrt: }'»3-

So it passed in the Negative.

Parliament!. A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Alderman

Tellers for Ihe Yeas,)Mf"^dcrmln Tnmf_ I 83.

( J

Tellers for the Noes,{ }25'-

So it passed in the Negative.

OakTimber. Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually securing sufficient Quantities of Oak Timber, for the Use of the Royal Navy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Friday Morning next.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next resolve itself into the said Committee.

Game. The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers so, ,he Ycas,{"; }j.-

Teller, for the Noes,

.. So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Four Months 5

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the < Question, by leaving out the Word.*4 Months," and inferring the Word " Weeks" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Months" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word ‘ " Weeks" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered \That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Four Weeks.

Ditto. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game within that Part of Great

VOL. 33.

Britain, called England: Arid that Sir George Yonge, Mr*

Clayton, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Mr.

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Mackworth, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Deed* whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time and willi for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and p °^ftj for Relief of Protestant Purchasers. pt

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow - Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Martii;

Anno n° Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 177a.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the AJr

City of York, and of the Gentlemen and Mer- and Calder chants in the same City, Traders, Owners of Vessels, River!, and others, interested in, or affected by, the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, for making the said Rivers navigable, the Tolls and Duties thereby authorized to betaken were vested in the original Undertakers of the said Navigation; and the present Proprietors thereof, claiming under them, are impowered by the said Act to take the Tolls therein mentioned, for Goods carried upon the said Rivers, within the Limits of the said Navigation; and that, by the Increase of the Woollen Manufactures in that Part of the County of York, and the great Increase of Exports from Leeds, Wakefield, and other ;Places, the Yearly Profits of the said Navigation are, and have been for several Years past, very considerable, and are Hill increasing,; and that the said Proprietors might have easily prevented any Impediments, occasioned by. Shoals, and other such Obstructions, in the said Rivers, but the Powers vested in the said Proprietors by virtue of the said Act have been of late very much abused by the Lessee or Agents of the said Proprietors; and that the Peri- -tioners have the great eft Realbn to apprehend, that the real Object of the Proprietors, and the Farmers of the Tolls and Duties, is to facilitate the Design of qoav pleting a Monopoly of the Trade upon the said River:

And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves(or. Counsel, against the Petition of, and the Bill applied ;Jor by, the Proprietors of the said

Navigation, or such Parts thereof as may affect t-hq Interest of the Petitioners; ancj that they may ,have lycli further or other Relief in the Premises, as may be' suitable to the Nature of their Cafe, and as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir William Milner, Baronet, Richard Wilson, Esquire,

Richard Burton, Esquire, Jeremiah Dixon, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as well

7 on

A. 177 a.

554 5° Martii.

on Behalf of themselves, as of the rest of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and , in the County of York, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Downham Notice being taken, that the Bill for repairing and Market widening the Road leading from the East End of the Roadi. Bridg# across the River Ouze, in Down/iam Market, to the Queen's Head, and from the Chequer , in Market aforesaid, to the East. End of the Two Mile in the Parish of Barton, and towards Watson, to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, Which was presented to the House upon Saturday last, and then read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, contains Provisions not authorized by the Order for preparing and bringing in the fame, nor included in the Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, who live near the Highways and Roads leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk, to and through the several Parishes and Hamlets therein after mentioned, in the said County, whole Names are thereto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of February last;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ditto, A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, Inha* bitants of the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the House, that, if a Gate or Turnpike is erected between Fincham and the East End of the Two Mile Close, the Tolls or Duties to be granted by the said Bill may be evaded, unless the Road from Stradfet, through Barton Layes, towards Watton, be totally shut up and discontinued, so as to prevent all Persons passing through the said Barton Layes: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the shutting up and discontinuing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein, for (hutting up and discontinuing the Road leading from Stradfet, through Barton Layes, towards Watton, so as to prevent all Persons passing through the said Barton

Dnnftable Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, le-Roads/ Verul Acts for repairing the Highways between

and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of the White Horse, to the Sign of the King's Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid; and also for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horses, to the Bull Inn, in Dun-fable aforesaid: And the same v.Vs received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ifflin’s Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom N*t. the Bill for naturalizing John Luke Ifelin, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr, Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom Little

the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open Kiogtoo. and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Combrool^ Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, of and within the Manor of Little King-ton Combrooke, and Brookehampton, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Jane Paine, Widow, who refused to sign the Bill, unless a Clause was inserted, to empower her to fell her Estate within the said Fields, consisting of Three Yard Lands and One Quarter, of which (lie is only Tenant for Life, and unless Ihe might name a Commissioner; and that the said Fields consist of 19 Yard Lands and a Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act pole’s Naa to enable Reginald Pole, Esquire, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Carew, pursuant to the Will of Sir Coventry Carew, Baronet, deceased, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rash-leigh, Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet thts Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Chalk, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, was presented to the House, and read; Setting " forth. That it appears, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for allowing any Quantity of Flints, Chalk, and Chalk Rubbish, not exceeding, in One Year, 23,000 Tons, to be transported, on board of Coasters or Colliers, as Ballad; and alledging. That, by divers Acts of Parliament and Charters, the Laftage and Ballastage of all Ships and Vessels in the River Thames is granted to the Petitioners, for clcanlrng and depthening the said River; and the Petitioners apprehend, that if so large a Quantity as 23,000 Tons of Flints, Chalk, and Chalk Rubbish, should Yearly be allowed to be transported, on board of Coasters and Colliers, as Ballad, the same would greatly tend to prejudice the Navigation of the River Thames, and be very injurious to the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Navy of England: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, before the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of the Chalk Wharfs on the River Thames, and Mailers or Owners of Colliers and Coasting Vessels, is referred, either by themselves or their Counsel; and that the House will give them such Relief as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Chalk Wharfs on the River Thames, and of several Matters and Owners of Colliers and Coasting Vessels, in Behalf of themselves and others, is referred; and that the Petitioners' be beard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at tire

fame

i2 GeO. III.

5° Mar

Dunsford,

Sec.

Roads.

Ditto.

Chatham

Streets*

Sec.

same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according to Order, y Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy , in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherry Brook,

in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the FirstTitne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Mayor and principal Burgesses and A Aidants of the Town and Borough of Oakham, in the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town and Parish of Oakhampton aforesaid, which was presented to the House upon Friday lad, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Admiral Pye reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Paridi of Chatham, in the County of , was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at

555

House will please to

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Taylor and Mr. William being feve-

rally examined, said, That the Streets and Lanes of the said Parish, are ill paved, lighted, and cleansed, and are very incommodious to Passengers, by Annoyances and Incroachments therein; that it would tend to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and kept free from Annoyances and Incroachments, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes, in the Town and Parish of ham,- in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Admiral Pye, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

<3 i reded him to_ report, when the receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Catharine Lady Viscountess P'itzwilliam, Maurice Dreyer, and John Daniel of London, Merchants, Trustees on Behalf of the said Catharine Lady Fitzwilliam, be now read.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Order was read accordingly.

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That he

was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Onjlozv accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant and-convey certain Lease-hold and Copyhold Premises, at or near Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the Trustees named in the Will of Dame Henrietta Decker, deceased, to and for the foie and separate LJfe of Catharine Lady Viscountess

william, and her Heirs; and for enfranchising the said Copyhold Premises; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned.

And Mr. Onjlozv moved the House accordingly.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant and convey certain Lease-hold and Copyhold Premises, at or near Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the Trustees named in the Will of Dame Henrietta Decker, deceased, to and for the foie and separate Use of Catharine Lady Viscountess

Fitzwilliam, and her Heirs; and for enfranchising the said Copyhold Premises, and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned; And that Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Deckel’*

Richmond

EfUtcs.

Glasgow,

Sec.

Road*.

Mr. Edmonstone presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 27th Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton: And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Skeffington, and County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Skeffington, and County of Leicester.

Ordered, That General Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Skc ffington Inclosuie.

Viscount Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ujronier’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce. Upon the ingrolfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right honourable Edward Viscount Ligoniwith Penelope Pitt; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onjlozv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onjiozvreported from the Committee, That they had examined Witnesses, and heard Counsel, for the said Bill; and had also heard Counsel against the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

Vot 33.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Ormfide men and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Inclosure.

Ormjide, in the Parish of Ormjidein the County of Westnwreland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great ftde, in the Parish of Ormjide, in the County of Weji-moreland.

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Abdy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Scaftworth mons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Town- Inclosure. ship of Scaftworth, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 1 be.

55° 5° Martiu 1772.

be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Scaftworth, in the county of .

Ordered, That Sir Thomas FrankUnd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Brown’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House (cheated to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Estates. to consider of the Petition of Sir Roger Ba-

ronet, and the Right honourable Lady Frances his Wife, Thomas Clarke, Colonel in His Majesty’s Cold-Jlream Regiment of Foot Guards, and Ann Lucy his Wife, late Ann Lucy Becher, Spinster, Joyner Becher, of Wokingham, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, and t Frederick Montagu, of Papp/ewick, in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses, in Fenchurch Street and Addle Street, in the City of London, escheated to the Crown by the Death of Lieutenant General John Brown without Heir, unto Frederick Montagu, Esquire, and hfs Heirs, upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

And Sir Charles Whitworth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant certain Houses, in Fenchurch Street and Addle Street, in the City of London, escheated to the Crown, by the Death of Lieutenant General John Brown, without Heir, unto Frederick Montagu, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the Trusts therein mentioned: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Colonel Burgoyne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Call of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House House. to be called over, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Deed* Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the -w® Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Papilts. allowing further Time for Enrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrolTcd.

Macartney's A Bill for making the Exemplification of the last Will Wall. an(j Testament of James Macartney, Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Buller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Qoinu* Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and lnc-ofai*. Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Quinton, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skynner reported from the Committee, to whom Hacboro^k the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosort. Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Handborough, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, who are Owners of One Yard Land and an Half in the said Fields, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 51 Yard Lands and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-mends thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a' Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lobconbe , to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Co«tr»

Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of j

King George the Second, for repairing and widening the |

Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of 1

Winterflow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of and

Brook, and from thence to Eating; and from ford aforesaid, through Ower and Teflwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southam; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Rumsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhurst, and from, a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of tonj and for repairing the Footways within the said City; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Enfield to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the p^t County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and also for repairing the Road from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the said County of Hertford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hottw’i to enable Mary and William Hutton, and the other Per- Nun. fons therein described, to take and use the Surname,

Arms, and Crest, of Long, pursuant to the Will of James Long, deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. Box, from the Weflmioler Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the P*i»g Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of Westminster, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar; presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for j

putting

12 Geo. III. 5° — 6°

putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made in the 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleaning, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent, from the 4th Day of December 1770 to the 31st Day of December 1771, both inclusive; also, an Account of all Contracts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 4th Day of December 1770 to the 31st Day of December 1771, both inclusive: And all'o,

A Copy of the Treasurer’s general State of Account with the Commissioners for paving, from the 29th September 1770 to the 29th September 1771: And also.

Copies of the general State of Accounts of the several Receivers to the Commissioners, for paving, fee. minster, from Lady Day 1770 to Lady Day 1771.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Great A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Yarmouth thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, in the Coun-Haven. tjes Norfolk anc| Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves, and several other Land Owners and Inhabitants of and in the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Bill now depending, for altering, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great , and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, is, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, very defective: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counfe), against such Parts of the said Bill as to them appear objectionable, and in Support of such Amendments thereto as they conceive proper and necessary to be made therein, so as more effectually to answer the true Intent and Purposes thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Insolvent Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Debtors. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 33*

Jlfiuftii* 557

V rneris, 6° Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Bourn certain Parcel of Land, called or known by the Drainage. Name of The Cow Pajiure, lying in the South Fen, in the Parish of Bourn, in the county of ; and for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and <3raining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

"Waste and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second 'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Jaw Bertie, Mr, Lascelles, &c.: and they are to meet this

-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common ^Fields, in the Parish of Hammeringham, in the County of ° ttK*

Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Jow Bertie, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kennedy reported from the Committee, to whom Ayr the Petition of James Ferguffon, Provost, George Harbour.

Jon and William Mac Cormick, Baillies, and John Jon, Dean of Guild, of the Royal Burgh of Air, in Scotland, William Duff, David Ferguffon, and John,

Common Council Men of the said Burgh, Robert Alexander, and John Frazer, Baillies of the Burgh of Barony of Nervtoun upon Ayr, William , William

Logan, John Campbell, James Hunter, and John,

Merchants and Traders in the said Burgh of Ayr, and James Mac Fie, present Conveener of the Trades of said Burgh, a Committee named and appointed by a general Meeting of the Council and Community of the said Burgh of Ayr, upon the Fifth Day of,

1772 Years, to make this present Application, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read } and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Captain Gilbert MAdam, informed your Committee, That t.he Harbour of Ayr is greatly choked and filled up, whereby Ships and Vessels are prevented from getting into the Pier or Quay} that the Trade of the Burgh of n4yr having greatly increased of late Years, the Quay or F*jer is not sufficient for the Reception of Ships resorting thereto } and that it will be necessary to establish Rules and Regulations for Ships and Vessels coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr -, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers} for eroding Docks, Breasts,

Jettees, and Piers; and for regulating Ships, Lighters* and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour} and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

And that Mr. Kennedy and Mr. James Stuart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open Nicholas and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable (Warwick)

7 C Meadows, Inclosure.

Downturn Market,'

See. Road a.

BerGreet Gates (Norwich) to New Buckenham Road.

Berwick

Roads.

Tavistock, See. Roads (Bodmin)

558

Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Farish of Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the county of ,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. thuen, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Downhcm Mto the Queen's Head, and from the Chequer bin in Market aforesaid,

to the East End of the Two Mile in the Parish

of Barton, and towards Waltonto a Place, called

Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and for flopping up the Road leading from Stradjet, through Barton Layes, towards Watton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from Berjlreet Gales, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Banghouse Walls, to Campion's Lanes and and

from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from White-law Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Pringle, Mr. Edmonstone,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Aldermen and Common Council of the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of, or residing near to, the said Borough, and of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of and also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Tavistock, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Devon; and also of another Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Highway, or Road, leading from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Pari lb of Dunsforin the said County, through the several Places therein mentioned, to a Place 8

1772.

in the Forest of Dartmoor, called Cherry Brook, in Length about Fifteen Miles, in the Road to; and re-

presenting to the House, that there are at present Three great Turnpike Roads completed, and in good Repair, leading from the County of Devon, through the County of Cornwall, to the Port of Falmouth, and all other Parts of the said County, distinguished by the North, South, and Middle Roads-, and that the Trustees of the Middle Road, through Bodmin, have already borrowed and expended near Five thousand Pounds, and that about Twenty-three Miles of the Branches of the Roads comprised in the Bodmin A<5ls still remain ruinous, and Two Bridges are to be erected thereon, and that the Income of the Tolls will but barely keep down the Interest of the Money borrowed, and pay other incidental Charges; and should a Bill pass, as prayed for by the said Petitions, it would essentially affetfl the Creditors and Mortgagees under the Bodmin Act, and also lessen the Value of the Lands adjoining to the said Roads; and that no public Road was ever yet known over that Part of the Forest where the said Roads are intended to be made; and as no Benefit can arise therefrom either to the Public in general, or Individuals in particular; therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Petitions as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County, be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Luke Ifelin’s

was read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Luke Ifelin.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Soaltwy and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Liberties of Soulbury, with the Hamlet of Hollingdon, in the County of Bucks, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Liberties of Soulbury, with the Hamlet of . Hollingdon, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing Conrad Rucker, was read a RocVer’s Second Time. N»t.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hanmer,

Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Alexander Gilmour presented to the House, ac- Carter?, cording to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of &Ci , Carters, Carriages, loaded Horses, Pedlars, Tinkers, Sa>tlin ‘ and Petty Chapmen: and for filling up or inclosing Coal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nuisances within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, Queens-passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

„ lat« ' Roads.

6° Martii.

1

i2 Geo. III. 6° Mart it. 559

late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of and

Kinross, to the Town of ;and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, to the Towns of Dumferm-line, Torryburn, and Culrofs; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to and Kirkealdie, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Grime, Mr. Edmonftom, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Manton Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Com-laclofore. mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, within the Parish of Manton, in the County of Rutland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfeftion of the Committee (except One Person who is possessed of ao Acres of Land in the said Fields, who refused to sign the Bill, but did not appear to oppose it, and that the whole Quantity of Land to be inclosed, is 1,22.3 Acres) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

Stainby An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stainby, in tire County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Com--monable Lands, in the Liberties of Stainby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

to Order, a Bill for widening, amending, and keeping Comngham in Repair, the Road from the West End of Clozv Lane, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Roads. Riding of the County of York, unto or near Nezv/and Clow, on the West Side of the River and from the opposite Bank of the said River, to the South East Corner of the Church Yard Wall in Sutton in Holder-ness, and from thence to or near Salt's Gate, adjoining to the Turnpike Road between Kingston upon Hull, and Hedon in Holderness aforesaid; and from the said South East Corner of Sutton Church Yard Wall, unto and through Low Gate Street, and from thence to the Toll Bar near the Two Mile Stone on the said Turnpike . R.oad between Kingston upon Hull and Hedon aforesaid; and also for building a Bridge across the River Hull at or near Newland Clow aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Scotland: rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Creditors, Debtors more equal and expeditious; and for regulating &c* the Diligence of the Law, by Arrestment and Poinding j and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate of,

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Edmonjlune, Mr. /-teney, and Mr. Dempfler, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for allotting, dividing, and in- Little doling the Open and Common Fields, and Com- Kington mon or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and on,£r^0,ie' Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, of and within Inclosure. the Manor of Little Kington Combrooke, and Brookehamp-ton, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Cotnmon-able Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, of and within the Manor of Little Kington Combrooke, and Brookehampton, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stapleford An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing all the

Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Mr. Alderman T presented. to the House, ac- gt Botolph,

Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stapleford, cording to Order, a Bill for the more effectual afiefling (London)

in the County of Leicester, was read the Third and collecting of the Rates for Relief of the Poor, in Poor Rates.

TTime. the Parish of Botolph, Bishopgate, in the Liberties

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of the City of London: And the same was received; and

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open read the FirllTirne.

Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Com- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

monable Lands, in the Liberties of Stapleford, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Denfttanger, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open &c, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- nclosure. dows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands,

within the Hamlet of Lenjhanger, in the Parish of Paf-Jenham, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Dcnjhattger, in the Parish of PaJJenham, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George So vile presented to the House, according Vox.. 33.

Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the v;fcount Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed l.igonier’j Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Divorce. Marriage of the Right honourable Viscount

Ligonier with Penelope Pitt; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill^ind which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 4. 1. 11. Leave out " since" and insert " after" instead thereof.

1. n,)Leave out " Maylaft past, have, or i2.( " hath been," and insert "

" '1772, shall be" instead thereof.

1. 20. Leave out " since" and insert " after" instead thereof and after " the" insert " laid."

1. 21.

6° Martii. A 177a.

1.21.

i. 22.

1.23*

Pr. 5. I. 18.

1. 26.

I. 27.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ckrifichurch Colonel Luttrell reported from the Committee, to (Middlesex) whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Over-Streets, &c. peers Qf tj,e Pq^ an(j other Inhabitants of the Parish of Christchwch, in Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Hawkins, being examined, said. That the public Passages within the said Parish are very ill paved, and insufficiently cleansed, and in general greatly obstructed by Nuisances and Encroachments; and it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants if they were properly paved and cleansed, and such Obstructions and Nuisances removed.

Then an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for lighting the said Parish, and for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, was read: And,

Mr. William Carter, being examined, laid. That it will be convenient for the Parishioners of the said Parish, if the Provisions for these Purposes were consolidated with the Provisions for the first above mentioned Purposes.

Mr.-Edward Hawkins, being again examined, said. That the Lane, called Brick , lies Part within the said Parish, Part in the Parish of Whitechapel, and Part in the Pari 111 of Bethnell Green; that the said Lane is a very great Thoroughfare, being the only convenient Way from the Water Side, through the Parish of -chapel, to Spittle Fields, and Parts adjacent.

That the Pavement in the said Lane is much out of Repair, and the Passage through the same incommodious; and it would be of great public Benefit to have the same properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and cleared of Nuisances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of church in Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Erick Lane as are not within the said Parish: And that Colonel Luttrell and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r Oak Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Tynber. Reading of the Bill for the more effectually securing . sufficient Quantities of Oak Timber, for the Use of the

Royal Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Leave out " May last" and insert " March" instead thereof.

Leave out " hereafter."

After " Ligonier " insert " after that

" Day."

After " Ligonier" insert " to or for " the Benefit of the said Penelope " Viscountess Ligonier, or any Issue " of her Body, which shall be born " after the said 6th Day of March 1772."

After " Body" insert " which shall " be born after the said 6th Day " of March 1772."

Leave out " from henceforth."

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Woeley, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Moors or Commons called Moor and

Br earton Moor, within the Manor of Br carton, in the Parish of Knaresbrough, in the County of York; which

Bill was, upon Wednesday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors or Commons called Rigg Moor and Brearton Moor, within the Manor of Brearton, in the Parish of Knaresbrough, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual vesting in the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy;

The Lord North acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, had commanded him to acquaint the House, that His Majesty gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, to the bringing in such a Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual vesting in the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich,' the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy: And that Sir Charles Hardy, the Lord Howe, Mr. Stephens, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Seymour reported from the Committee, appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, as to what Proceedings are . therein, with relation to a Bill lately lent by the Lords to this House, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family, and to make report thereof to this House; That the Committee had searched the said Journals accordingly, and had taken Copies of what Proceedings are therein, with relation to the said Bill; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read, and is -as followeth; viz.

The

Woslev

intiafure.

Brearton,

Sec.

Inclosure.

Greenwich Hospital: Forfeited Sc

unclaimed

Prizes.

Marriages of the Royal Family.

i2 Geo. III.

6° Mar

561

Marriages of the Royal Family.

The Committee appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, as to what Proceedings are therein, with relation to a Bill sent from the Lords to this House, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the

Royal Family, and to make Report thereof to Judges:

other thati His present Majesty’s own Children, during their Minorities ?

Which being objected to;

After Debate,

The said Question was accordingly put to the

the House; have searched the Journals accordingly, and have taken Copies of what Proceedings are therein, with relation to the said Bill; which are as follow

Diejovis, 20° Februarii, 1772.

The Earl of Rockford acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty, under His Royal Sign Manual, which His Majesty had commanded him to deliver to this House j and the same was read by the Lord Chancellor; and is as follows; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous, from paternal Affection

Whereupon,

Mr. Baron Smytke, having conferred with the rest of the Judges present, delivered their unanimous Opinion upon the said Question in the Negative. — The Question extending to all the Defendants of his late Majesty King George the Second, whether within this Kingdom or not.

Then the following Question was put to the Judges.

Whether the Care and Approbation of the Marriages of the Royal Family, other than the Issue of Princesses married into Foreign Families, does belong to the Kings of this Realm ?

Whereupon,

Mr. Baron Smytke, having conferred with the rest of

to His own Family, and anxious Concern for the future the Judges present, acquainted the Hpufe, That they Welfare of His People, and the Honour and Dignity ’

of His Crown, That the Right of approving all Marriages in the Royal Family, which ever has belonged to the Kings of this Realm, as a Matter of public Concern, may be made effectual, recommends to both Houses of Parliament to take into their serious Consideration, whether it may not be wile and expedient to supply the Defect of the Laws now in being; and by some new Provision, more effectually to guard the Defendants of his late Majesty King George the Second, other than the Issue of Princesses who have married, or may hereafter marry into Foreign Families, from marrying without

deflred Time to consider of the said Question.

Then it was moved. That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House on Friday next. Which being objected to j After long Debate,

The Question was, put thereupon.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

- , 1 Contents,

Westmorland, I Pr0xics>

Tellers < [Non Contents,

Stamford, J proxies,

as reic

»5

93* 3 5-

0_________, ,__0 Ordered, That the said BUI be committed to a Com

the Approbation of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succef- mittee of the whole House on Friday next.

fors, first had and obtained. G. R

Then the said Message was again read by the Clerk. Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Message; to express our Sense of His Majesty’s paternal Affection to His Family, His anxious Concern for the future Welfare of His People, and the Honour and Dignity of His Crown, which must ever be inseparably connected; and to assure His Majesty, that we will immediately take the same into our most serious Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the Lords with white Staves.

Die Veneris, at* Februarii, 1772.

The Lord Steward reported. That the Lords with white Staves had, according to Order, presented to His Majesty the Address of this House of Yesterday, and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

The Earl of Rothford presented to the House a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time on Wednesday next , and that the Lords be summoned.

Die Mercurii, 26° Februarii 1772.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family, for the Lords to be summoned, and for the Judges to attend;

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Then it was moved, That His Majesty’s Message, relating to the said Bill, might be read.

The laid Message was accordingly read by the Clerk.

Then it was moved. That the following Question be put to the Judges; viz.

Is the King intruded by Law with the Care and Approbation of the Marriages of the Descendants of his late Majesty King George the Second, Vol. 33.

Ordered, That the Judges do attend this House on Friday next, to deliver their Opinions upon the Question to them proposed; and that the Lords be summoned.

Die Veneris, 28° Februarii, 1772.

For regulating the ! The Order of the Day being future Marriages of > read, for the Judges to delivef the Royal Family. J their Opinion upon the following Question:

Whether the Care and Approbation of the Marriages of the Royal Family, other than the Issue of Princesses married into Foreign Families, does belong to the Kings of this Realm ?

Mr. Baron Smytke delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges present, upon the said Question, in the following Words:

We are all of Opinion, That the Care and Approbation of the Marriages of the King’s Children, and Grand Children, and of the pre-fumptive Heir to the Crown, other than the Issue of Princesses married into Foreign Families, do belong to the Kings of this Realm j but to what other Branches of the Royal Family such Care and Approbation extend. We do not find precisely determined.

Then the Order of the Day being read, for the House to be in a Committee upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family;

The House was adjourned during Pleasure, and put into a Committee upon the said Bill.

Lord Sandys in the Chair.

The Title read and postponed.

The Preamble read, and postponed.

The First enacting Clause read.

Then it was proposed. That the following Question be put to the Judges:

If the King be intrusted with the Care and Approbation of the Marriage of the King’s Children, and Grand Children, and of the presumptive Heir to the Crown, other than the Issue of Princesses married into Foreign Families, to what other 7 D Degrees

Marriage*

of (be Royal Family*

6° Martii.

A. 1772.

Degrees of Kindred, and to what Ages of the con-trafting Parties, does such Right of Approbation extend ?

Which being objected to;

After long Debate,

The Question was put. Whether this Question shall be put to the Judges.

It was resolved in the Negative.

T ,j f Lord IVycombe, 7 Contents 32.

C erS I Lord Willoughby de Broke, 3 NotContents, 90. Then the following Question was proposed to be put to the Judges:

Whether the Kings of tfiis Realm have by Law the Care and Approbation of the Marriages of all their Descendants, other than the Issue of Princesses married to Foreign Princes ?

Which being objected to;

After Debate,

The Question was put. Whether this Question shall be put to the Judges.

It was resolved in the Negative.

Then the following Question was proposed to be put to the Judges:

If any of the Descendants of his late Majesty King George the Second, of the Age of legal Consent, shall marry without the previous Approbation of the King, is such Marriage valid as the Law now stands, and does the Crown possess any, and what. Power to enforce its Right of Approbation of such Marriage ?

Which being objected to;

After Debate, 1

The Question was put. Whether this Question shall be put to the Judges.

It was resolved in the Negative.

Which done,

The House was resumed; and the Lord re-

ported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill.

Ordered, That the House be again put into a Committee upon the said Bill on Monday next; and that the Lords be summoned.

-Die Luna, a* Ma 1772. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to be again in a Committee upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family; and for the Lords to be summoned;

The First enactingClause of the said Bill was again read.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, in fol. 3, 1. 4, by leaving out the following Words; viz. "That no Descendant of the Body " of his late Majesty King George the Second, Male or " Female, other than the Issue of Princesses who have '* married, or may hereafter marry, into Foreign Families," and instead thereof, inserting these Words,

" That none of the Descendants of the Body of his late Majesty King George the Second, being the Children " or Grand Children of the reigning King, or being the " prelumptive Heir to the Crown, other than the " Issue of Princesses who may hereafter marry into " Foreign Families."

The same was objected to:

After long Debate,

The Question was put, Whether the Words in the said Clause shall stand Part thereof.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

... \ E. Sandwich, ^Contents, 88.

1 ers j Fitzwilliam, jNot Contents, 34.

Then it was moved. That the Lord Sandys do leave the Chair.

Which being objected to;

After Debate,

The Question was put thereupon It was resolved in the Negative.

Tellers

[ E. Radnor,) Contents; 34.

'E. Westmorland, JNot Contents; 78.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, in fol. 3, 1. 7, by inserting after the Word " Families " these Words, " being under the " Age of Twenty-one Years."

Which being objected to;

The Question was put thereupon;

It was resolved in the Negative;

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, in fol. 3, 1. 12, by inserting after the Word " be " these Words, " together with such Register shall."

Which being objected to;

After Debate,

The Question was put thereupon.

It was resolved in the Negative.

Then the First Clause was, upon the Question, agreed to without Amendment.

The next Clause read.

Proposed to leave out the whole of this Clause:

Which being objected to;

The Question was put thereupon.

It was resolved in the Negative.

Then this Clause was, upon the Question, agreed to without Amendment.

The next Clause read.

Proposed, in fol. 5, 1. 11, after the Word " (hall" insert " wilfully."

Which being objected to;

The Question was put thereupon.

It was resolved in the Negative.

Then this Clause was, upon the Question, agreed to without Amendment.

The Preamble again read and agreed to.

The Title again read and agreed to.

The House was resumed; and the Lord Sandys reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and directed him to report the same to the House without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow; and that the Lords be summoned.

Die Mart is, 30 Martii 1772.

For the better re-") The Order of the Day being gulating the future (read, for the Third Reading of the the^ Bill, intituled, An Act for the ' better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family; and for the Lords to be summoned:

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. Proposed, That the Bill do pass.

Which being objected to;

After long Debate,

The Question was put. Whether this Bill shall pals.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Contents,

Marriages ' of Royal Family.

Tellers

E. Sandwi,

E. Radnor,

Proxies,

Not Contents, Proxy,

90.

69) 21J

DiJJentient,

ijiy Because We think the Declaratory Principle in the Preamble of the Bill to be without Foundation in Law, in the Extent there dated, to be unnecessary for the avowed Purposes of the Bill, and likely to be attended with very dangerous Consequences; as that Preamble does assert " That We are sensible that Marriages in the Royal Family are of the highest Importance to the State; and that therefore the Kings of

" this Realm have ever been intruded with the Cure " and Approbation thereof."

The Maxim here laid down, " That because Marriages of the Royal Family are of the highest Importance to the State, they are therefore intruded to " the Kings of this Realm," is founded on a Doctrine

absurd

12 Geo. III. 6° Martii. 5£3

Marriages absurd and unconstitutional, but which hereafter will defeated by the susbequent Proviso " unless both Houses of the have the Force of a Parliamentary Declaration of Law, " of Parliament shall, before the Expiration of the said

oyal Family. immctiiate Tendency of which is to create as many " Twelve Months, expressly declare their Dilapproba-

Prerogatives in the Crown, as there are Matters of Im- t*on of such intended Marriage."

portance in the State; and indeed, to extend them in a ^Ye think this Proviso laysgreat Difficulties on future

Manner as vague and exceptionable as had ever been Parliaments, as their Silence in such a same mult express done in the word and most despotic Periods in the His- a Condemnation of the King’s Refiifal; and their Con-tory of this Nation; and we apprehend, that some future, currence with such Refusal may prove a perpetual Pro-and even more dangerous, Ule may be made of this Pre- hibition from Marriage to the Person concerned, amble, as it is much more extensive than is necessary for We conceive the Right of conferring a discretionary any Purpose avowed in the Bill. Power of prohibiting all Marriages (whether veiled in

idly. Because this declaratory Preamble seems to the Crown alone, as intended by the Message, or in the justify the Words, which His Majesty has been advised Manner now enacted by the Bill) to be above the Reach (we think very improperly) to use in His Message to of any Legislature, as contrary to the original inherent His Parliament, whereby a Prerogative is assumed in an Rights of human Nature, which as they are not de-Extent, for which Nine of His Judges in their unani- rived from, or held under Civil Laws, by no Civil mous Opinion delivered to this House, do not find any Laws whatsoever can be taken away. We freely allow. Authority. ' that the Legislature has a Power of prescribing Rules to

lydly. Because the Term Royal Family being general)Marriage, as well as to every other Species of Contract; and not qualified by the Exception of " the lftue of but there is an essential and eternal Difference between . " Princesses married into Foreign Families," seems-to regulating the Mode, in which a Right may be enjoyed,

carry very idly (as we apprehend) the Royal Prero- and establishing a Principle, which may tend entirely to gative beyond the Jurisdiction of the Crown of Great annihilate that Right. To disable a Man during his Britain, can therefore, as applied in the Preamble, be whole Life from contracting Marriage, or, what is tanta-warranted by no Law, and is indeed contrary to com- mount, to make his Power of contracting such Marriage mon Sense. dependant neither on his own Choice, nor upon any fixed

4 thly.Because if this Parliamentary Declaration of Rule of Law, but on the arbitrary Will of any Man, or Law can operate in any Degree as a Retrolpedl (an Set of Men, is exceeding the Power permitted by the Operation against which we have no Security by any divine Providence to human Legislators; it is directly Thing contained in the Hill) it is pernicious and unjust; against the earliest Command given by God to Man-if it can have no such Retrospect (as was afierted in kind; contrary to the Right domestic Society and Argument by the Friends of the Bill) it is then at bell Comfort; and to the Desire of lawful Posterity, the first frivolous and unnecessary. and bell of Instindts planted m us by the Author of

Slldy* Because the enacting Part of the Bill has an our Nature, and utterly incompatible with all Religion, inconvenient and impolitic Extent, namely, to all De-natural and revealed; and therefore a mere Act of Power, feendanti of George the Second: In Course of Time that having neither the Nature nor Obligation of Law. Description may become very general, and comprehend 8 Because we conceive this Bill to be pregnant a great Number of People; and we conceive it would with civil Discord and Confusion: It has a natural be an intolerable Grievance, that the Marriages of Tendency to produce a disputed Title to the Crown; If lo many Subjects, perhaps dispersed among the varl- those who may be affected by it are in Power, they will ous Ranks of civil Life, should be subject to the Re- easily procure a Repeal of this Act, and the Confirma-llridlions of this Act, especially as it has been afierted tion of a Marriage made contrary to it; and if they in Argument, and endeavoured to be maintained by the are not, it will at lead be the Source of the moll dan-Authority of the grand Opinion given by the Judges in gerous Party that can exist in any Country, a Party the Year 1717, that the Care and Approbation of the attached to a Pretender to the Crown, whole Claim, he Marriage includes the Education and Custody of the may assert, has been set alide by no other Authority Person: We fear that this extensive Power would come than that of an Act, to which the Legislature was not in Time to make many of the First Families in the competent, as being contrary to the common Rights of Kingdom totally dependant on the Crown; and we Mankind: Such a Claim, supported as it may be, by therefore.lament, that the Endeavours so earnestly used peculiar Hardship in the Cafe, mull, as we conceive, at in the Committee, in some Degree to limit the Generality no very remote Period, create great Mischief and Con-of that Description, were not differed to take Effect. fusion.

6 thly.Because as the Line is too large, with regard Lastly. Because this Bill, which resorts to such harlh to the Description of the Royal Family, so we think, and unusual Methods, at the same Time provides for that the Time of Nonage for that Family, is also impro- its own Purpose very uncertainly and very imperfedlly; perly extended: We conceive that the Age of Twenty- for it securesno Remedy against the improper Marriages one Years is that Limit, which the Laws of this Coun- of Princesses married into Foreign Families and those try, and the Spirit of the Constitution, have with great of their Issue, which may full as materially affect the Wisdom given to Minority: It seems indecent to the Interest of this Nation as the Marriages of Princes Royal Family, to suppose they will not be arrived at residing in the Dominions of Great Britain: It pro-the Age of Discretion as soon as the lowest Subject of vides no Remedy at any Age against the improvident the Realm; and we cannot conceive but they may be Marriage of the King reigning, the Marriage of all as capable of chufrng a Wife at the Age of Twenty- others the most important to the Public: It provides one, as of being intrusted with the Regency of the nothing against the indifereet Marriage of a Prince of Kingdom, of which, by Law, they are at that Age the Blood being Regent at the Age of Twenty-one, nor capable: We also conceive, that the deferring their furnishesany Remedy against his permitting such Mar-Age of Majority, as to Marriage, till Twenty-six, is riages to others of the Blood Royal; the regal Power impolitic and dangerous, as it may tend to drive them fully vesting in him as to this Purpose, and without into a disorderly Course of Life, which ought the more the Assistance of his Council. We cannot therefore, on to be guarded against in Men of high Rank, as the the Whole, avoid expressing our strong Disapprobation Influence of their Example is the most forcible and of an Act, shaking so many of the Foundations of Law, extensive. Religion, and public Security, for Ends wholly dif-

7 thly.Because the Power given by this Bill to a proportioned to such extraordinary Efforts, and in Prince to marry after the Age of Twenty-six, having Favour of Regulations so ill calculated to answer the first entered in the Books of the Privy Council his In- Purposes, for which it is pretended they are made; tention so to do for Twelve Calendar Months, is totally and we make this Protest, that it may Hand recorded to Vol. 33. that

564 6° Martii. . 1772.

Marriages

of the Royal Family.

that Posterity, which may suffer from the mischievous Consequences of this Act, that we have no Part in the Confusions and Calamities brought upon them, by rendering uncertain the Succession of the Crown.

Richmond,

Fitzwilliam,

Devonshire,

Abergavenny,

Stamford,

Albemarle, John Bangor,

Milton, Rockingham.

Dissentient.

Because the Liberty of Marriage is a natural Right inherent in Mankind.

Because this Right is confirmed and enforced by the Holy Scriptures, which declare marriage to be of divine Institution, and deny to none the Benefit of that Institution.

Because the Law of Nature and divine Institutions are not reversible by the Power of human Legislatures.

Because there is a total Difference between regulating the Mode of exercising a Right derived from the Law of Nature, and alTuming, or granting, a discretionary Power of taking it quite away.

Because though we think it expedient and agreeable to the Dictates of Reason, that Minors should not marry without the Content of their Parents or Guardians, and that such Content should be necessary to render tjieir Marriages good and valid, as it likewise is in the Exercise of all their other Rights during the Term of their Nonage, it can no more be inferred from thence, that we acknowlege a Right to continue such Restraint throughout their whole Lives, than that we acknowlege a Right to keep Men or Women in a State of endless Nonage, which, unless in the same of Idiots, or incurable Lunaticks, would be absurd, unjust, and a manifest Violation of the Law of Nature.

Because if a perpetual Restraint upon Marriage, or Power given to restrain it, without Limitation of Time or Age, be contrary to the natural and divine Laws (as we apprehend it to be) a Law authorizing such Restraint, or conferring such a Power, must be null and void in itself.

Because in any Case, where the Right of succeeding to the Crown of these Realms may come to depend on the Force or Invalidity of the Power given by this Bill, an Appeal made against it would probably bring upon the Royal Family and the Nation, all the Miseries and Horrors of civil War.

Because, though the placing such a Power in the King, with the Interposition of both Houses of Parliament, is a better Security against the Abuse of it, than if it had been entrusted to the King alone, yet it may be so used, in corrupt or violent Times, as to be made in some Cafes a perpetual Negative on the Freedom of Marriage.

Because, if the Power be grievous and contrary to the inherent Rights of Mankind, the Grievance is increased by the infinite Number of Persons over whom, in the Course of Time, it is likely to extend.

Because we are convinced, that all the good Purposes and Objects of the Bill, which we have greatly at Heart, might have been answered without giving that Perpetuity of Restraint over the Freedom of Marriage, which we think ourselves bound in Conscience to oppose. Radnor, Temple, Abingdon,

Clifton, Lyttelton, Craven.

And because the Bill is essentially wanting to its avowed Purpose, in having provided no Guard against the greater Evil, the improper Marriages of the Princes on the Throne. Radnor.

Richmand: A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring

Enfranchise- }n a gill to enable their Majesties to enfranchise Copy-Con«hoid hold Estates, holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the Estatei. County of Surrey;

The Lord North acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, had commanded him to acquaint the House, That His Majesty gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, to the bringing in such a Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable their Majesties to enfranchise Copyhold Estates holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Ambler and Mr. Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to Grew Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Meadow Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the The whole House, to consider of the Petition of the several "or",*"r* Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being of the Clergy, Traders, Dealers, and others, residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places within the Bills of Mortality, on Behalf of themselves and all others within the said Cities and Places, and other Parts in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Harley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws now in being, for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday.

And Mr. Alderman Harley moved the House accordingly.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws now in being, for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for Ihe Yeas,^' AMermao Hrr&r, *{Mr. Mackworth:

Tellers for the Noes i ^r" Burke,

leuers for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

41.

3-

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Mr. Mackworth,

and Sir Charles fVhitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way» ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

4

And then the Ijiqufe adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

12 Geo. III.

Martii.

565

Lunce} 9* die Martii;

Anno 120 Georgii III*" Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Berwick

Roads.

A PETITION of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Freeholders of the Shire of was prefen ted

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is intended to be brought in for making and mending certain Roads within the Shire of , and for other Purposes; which Bill has been drawn up in so private a. Manner, that it never has been submitted to the Consideration of the Freeholders; and the Petitioners have the strongest Reason to believe, that not only they, but the greatest Part of the Shire, will be much aggrieved should the said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, until the Approbation and Concurrence of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, Freeholders of the Shire, shall have been obtained, in the usual fair and regular Manner, at a general Meeting of the Freeholders of the County, held for that Purpose, or to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Bill pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of , at or near

Bang house IValls, to Compton's Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to , and from IV/iite-

law Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwick, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

®ury , A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and &c! enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth

Road. Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's, to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cam, and from the South End of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. DeGrey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tavistock Ordered, That the Bill for enlarging the Term and to Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, Roads, several lloads leading from Tavifock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall, in -fiock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Brook Street, to Cherry Brook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the CallingtonTurnpike Road to Morwell Ham and New Quay, in the said County, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the Second Reading of the said Bill, in Favour of the Petition of the Aldermen and Common Council of the Borough of Bodmin in the County of Cornwall, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of, or residing near to the said Borough, and of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening V01..33.

several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwand also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing and widening Hansford, the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in atsds. the Parish of Duns ford, in the County of to

Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the Second Reading of the said Bill, in Favour of the Petition of the Aldermen and Common Council of the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of, or residing near to, the said Borough, and of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s R.eign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, and also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Lord Brozvnlow Bertie presented to the House, accord- Middle ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Raisin, Open Fields, Moors, and Common Pastures, in the T Lordship of Middle Raijin, in the County of Lincoln: nC ° ure" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Colonel Burgoyne presented to the House, according Brown’s

to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Escheated Houses, in Fenchurch Street and Addle Street, in the City 1 te$*

of London, escheated to the Crown by the Death of Lieutenant General John Brown, without Heir, unto Frederick Montagu, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the Trusts therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed Plymouth in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for PavinB» paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of &c‘

in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, was read the Third.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of , in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

Ofdered, That Sir Charles Hardy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Berllreet Road from Berjlreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to Gates New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk, was read toN^R^!-

the Third Time. enham.Road.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass 1 And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Roads from Berfreel Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Rucken-ham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- Rufcton veral Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rufhton James, in the Parish of Leek, in the County inci0fj,e. of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

7 E Resolved,

66 9° Martii..^.1772.

RefuivcJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Rushton James, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St.ith’* Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to t'h*rity Order, a Bill to enable the Trustees of the Estate of ‘ :e* Henry Smith, Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of Money to the Relief of his poor Kindred; and to enable the said Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate, in the Parishes of Chelsea, and Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Greenwich Sir Charles Hardy presented to the House, according Hospital: to Order, a Bill for the more effectual vesting in the *0anded Ro>’al Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, the forfeited Unclaimed and unclaimed Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy: Prizes. And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Loyne Air. Reynolds presented to the House according to (Lancaster) Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Navigation. the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ft one. Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom '7'tmbriJ^ the Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, Well* an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Szvift's Den, in the Parish of Etchingham, and from Front to Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Hoad there, leading to Black Boys, in the County of Sussex, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac- ciafgow cording to Order, a Bill for deepening, cleansing, fcower- Harbour, ing, preferring, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port Glasgow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Norwich Sir Edward Aflley reported from the Committee, to cole*Brid e Wll0m Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Road! an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, and divers Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That no Counsel appeared in Behalf of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for regulating the Topping of Timber Trees.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Glasgow A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Road*, the Powers, of lb much of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 27th Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, was read a Second Time.

The Lord Wenman reported from the Committee, to Epwe.j whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open indofore. and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Epwell, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred and y\rnr paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 20th of December 1770 and the 20th of February 1772, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth > viz.

An

12 GeO. III. 9® Martii. 567

An ACCOUNT* of Extraordinary Services incurred and paid, by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 20th of 1770 and the 20th of

February x 77a, and not provided for by Parliament*

A

A

Dates of Warrants.

1771. March 28th.

Aug1 16 th.

Ma

1772. FebrJ4.

1771. May 30th.

1772. Feb. 4.

1771. May 30.

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Col* Robert Lieut. Governor of

braltar, for Public Services there - - - 562 11 11

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Lieut. General

Govr of Gibraltar, for Public Services there - - 823 12 ix

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by D°, for D° Services - 683 at 3

1 —

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Major Gen* r, Lieut. Governor of

Minorca, for Public Services there - - - - " *

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Robert Esq', Gov' of

for Public Services there - - - - 7jloo

To D® drawn by D®, for D® Services - - - - 6*300 - *

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Guy , Esq', Gov' of Quebec, for

Public Services there ---- 975 11 6

To D® drawn by D®, for D® Services - - - - 1,003 6 3

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Hebior 'Theophilus Esq', for Public

Services at Quebec ---- 4,622 17 2

To D® drawn by D°, for D® Services, at D® - - - 3,300 — —

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esq', Lieut. Gov' of Grenada, for Public Services there - 334 8 —

To a D® drawn by D®, for D® Services - 300-

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Wm Frefawny, F.fq', for Public Services -

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Wm Esq', for Public Services To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Jo1 Grant, Esq', for Public Services

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Francis Downman, Esq', for Public Services ——

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Walter Paterson, Esq', for Public Services -

1770. Dec. 20.

1771. Mar. 11. July 18th.

1772.

Feb. 20th. 1771. Jan'] 29.

Feb. 14th.

To the Right honourable Fho’ Harley and Henry Esq', to be

by them inverted in purchasing Spanish and Coins, for the Use

and Services of the Forces in North America - - 20,000----

To D®, for the Service of the Forces in D® - - - 30,000 — — .

To D®, for The Service of the Forces in D® - 30,000----

To D", for the Service of the Forces in D® - - - 30,000----

To Arnold Ne/bitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esq'*, for victualling the Forces in the Province of , between the 25th of June

and 24th Septem' 1770 - 1,387 — 10

To D®, for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal,

between the 25th of August and 24th 0Sober 1770 - 1,633 6 6

Vol. 33.

C s.

2,669 t6 1

17 6 6

13,400 — — -

1,978 i7 9

9»9*2 17 %

634 8 —

280-----

1,400-----

81 15 —

92 $ —

82 17

^jOQO — 1---

To

558

Martii.

Dates of Warrants.

May to 29th.

July 8th.

Aug* 16th.

Sept. 24th.

Sept. 24th.

0£lo' 4th. Dec. 6th. 16th.

1772. Feb.20th.

Jant 29th. April 23d.

May 15th.

June 12th.

29th.

Obi o' 4th.

Dec' 6 th.

1772. Feb. 20th.

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Druand Moses Franks, Esq", for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New Fork, New Jersey, and Massachusetts Bay, between the 25th Sept' and 24th Dec' 1770 To D% for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th OBo' and 24th 1770 -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at New York, New fey, and Massachusetts Bay, between the 25th December

1770 and the 24th of March 1771

To D% for victualling the Forces in the Province of vania, between 25th Sept, and 24th Decenf 1770 To D°, for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between 25th Dec' 1770 and 23d February 1771 To D#, for victualling the Forces in the upper Country, between 25th Septem' 1770 and 24th April 1771, and for Batteau Men employed in the Transportation of Provisions for extra. Services, between the 4th of 1770 and the 4th of April 1771 To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Province of vania, between 25th Dec. 1770 and 24th March 1771 -To D% for victualling the Forces at Fort Chartres, Kajkajkias, and Caho, in the Illinois, between the 2d June 1770 and 24th January 1771 -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at New Fork, New Jersey, Massachusetts Bay, and South between the 25th of March and 24th of June 1771 -

To D% for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between the 24th Febs and 24th April 1771 To D% for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 24th of April and 24th June 1771 -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between 25th of June and 24th of August x771 1; - - -To D°, for victualling the Forces at New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts Bay, and South Carolina, between 25th June and 24th Sept' 1771 -

To D*, for victualling the Forces in the Forts in the upper Country, between 5th April and 24th of Septem'

1771 - -....

To D°, for Provisions delivered to the Commissary General at Quebec, for the Use of the Forces at the Three Rivers, &c. - . r

To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 25th of March and 24th of June

177* - . - ....

To D°, for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between 25th August and 24th OBo' 1771 -

To Robert Jones, Esqr, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 24th Septem' and x8th Novem' 1770 To D°, for victualling Part of the Forces in D°, between the 19th Novem' and 16th Decern' 1770 -To D°, for victualling the Troops and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, between the 29th Septem' 1770 and 28th March 1771 -To D°, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 1.7th of Decern' 1770 and the 13th Jan'J

1771.....* . "

To D°, for victualling Part of the Forces in D°, between the 14th of January and the xothof February 1771 To D% for victualling Part of the Forces in D", between the 1 ith of February and the 7th of April 1771 -To D°, for victualling Part of the Forces in D°, between the 8th of April and the 30th of June 1771 -

To D°, for victualling Part of the Forces in D°, between the 1 ft of July and the 22d of Sept' 177

To D% for victualling Part of the Forces in D°, between

the 23d of Septem' and the 20th of 1771* - »

2,089 IO 11

'437 5 5

1,849 10 3

623 1 8

i»243 2 6

9,128 5 3

1,084 7 5

2>956 l7 6

2,635 — 2

1,299 *3 10

1,234 13 1

1,241 2 7*

i>787 2 6

i,335 12 6f

2,298 12 7

1,059 4 11

1,232 11 if

in Nova Scotia,

923 2 1

468 7 10

1,186 6 .1

460 17 6

464 — 4

921 8 *

554 8 11

i,352 10 4i

463 3 4f

A. 1772.

jC- d-

37,456 1 7 {

To

i a Geo. III.

9® Martii.

Dates of Warrants.

To Robert Jones, Esqr, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 21st of Oft? and the 17 th

of Novem' 1771 -

To D®, for victualling the Troops and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, from 23th March to 28th Dec' 1771 - - _ . _

455 8

i}8oz 7 11

5*

1771.

JanJ 29th. To Richard Vernon Sadleir, Esqr, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 27th August and 18th Nov. 1770 *

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between the 19th of Nov' 1770 and the 13th January 1771 To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D°, between the 14th of January and the 7 th of April 1771 To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D°, between

May 10th. June 25th.

Sept.24th. Decentr 6 th.

I>°59 13 9»

1

556 *6 7

1772. Feb’S 20th.

1771. Jan'S 29th.

the 8 th of April and the 30th of June 1771

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between the iff of July and the 22d of September

'll1....

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between the 23d of Septem'and the 17th Novemr 1-771 -

812

1*126

7 —

8 11

5 7

867 563 n 4

To Edward Codrington, Esqr, for victualling the Forces in West Florida, be-

the 10th May and 24th August 1770 March 28th. To D°, for victualling the Forces in D°, between :25th August and 24th Octo' 1770, and for Provisions damaged and condemned, having been in Store above Six Months June 29th. To D®, for victualling the Forces in D°, between the 25th of OElo' 1770 and the 23d of February 1771

_ r\#i r ii* . 1 ri a

1,189 15 3

939 16 1,799 12 675 5

i,33° *7

4

3

Scptr 24th. To D®, for victualling the Forces in D®, between the 24th of February and the 24th of April 1771 Note 19th. To D®, for victualling the Forces in D°, between the 25th of April and 24th of June 17 7-1 - — - < -

1772. , ’

Feb's 20th. To D®, for victualling the Forces in D®, between; the 25 th of June and 24th of August 1771

,77I. „ ——

Jan'S 29th. To Witer Cuming and Render Mason, EqT‘, for victualling the Forces at S'.

Augustine, between the 25th of August and the 24th of Otto' 1770 - - - ( , - _ . .4

April 15th. To D®, for victualling the Forces in Eetft Florida, between the 25th of Qfto' and the 24th of jperr 1770 June 6th. To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Raft

Florida, between the 25th of De 770 and the 24th of

February-1 771, and for Provisions issued to the Forces - — at the-Out Posts of the- said Garrison, between 25th of June 1770 and the23d of Feb's 1771 - ! ,.

July 13th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at S' 'Augustine, and Far Provisions issued to the Out Posts of D®, between the 24th of February and 24th of April 1771 - ..... ;i« '1

1772. ' . - - " ‘ »"

Jans 6th. To D®, for victualling the Forces between

the 25th of -Apriland 24th of -1771 -: -

1771. :----

Aug 16th. To Samuel-Smith, Esqr, for victualling the - Forces at Senegal and Gambia, iSc., - between aith 1770 and 28th 1771 - - - 3,637 18 3

-Nov7th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, and other Services, between the 1 ft of March and the 31st of May 1771 - -- - 2,098 1 8

1772.

Febv 20th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at Senegal, between the lft of June and the 31st of August 1771; and at Gambia, between the rft of May and the 28th of 1771 - - - - ..... . — 1,863 14 5

1771. - -

June 20th. To Anthony Bacon, Esq1, for Provisions shipped from Granada, for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Tobago -663 7 2

Aug !6th. To D®, for-Provisions delivered to the Forces in the Island of Grenada, between the 30th June - and 30th September 177b- - - - _ - - - - 780 1 6

7°5 »3 5

1,014 8 2

990 — 4

1,288- 125

I .* ~ I V

1*486 12 1-lN

v - I---.

it ’1

1,06b 16' -6

y 01,.

33-

7 F

5$9

s. d.

9>o$i

6h

4,986 3 2 *-

6,640 19 7

Cl .5,840 10 4.

7>S99 H 4

*443

8 8 To

9* Martii

57°

Dates of Warrants.

1771*

June 20th, To John Durand, Esq®, for victualling the Forces in Ceded

Klands - - 3,474 8

Aug 16th. To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Island of Grenada,

between the ift of 0£l<f 17 70 and the 31st of Marti 177* *>560 2 *t

Sept.24th. To D®, for Provisions shipped from Grenada, for the Forces

in the Island of Tobago - - - - 48157

Nov. 26th. To U®, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces

at S‘ Vincent's and Dominica - *>997 11

1772.

Jan. 26th. To ET, for Provisions shipped from Grenada, for the Use

of the Forces at S' Vincent's, Dominica, and Tobago - - 4>217 9 4

1771. — -------. 1 n 7

JanJ 29th. To Philip Zachary Fonnereau, Esqr, and Sir Merrick Burrell, Bar', for victual' ling the Forces at Gibraltar, between the 10th of and the 4th of

Novem' 1770 ---- 3,701 — 6

Febr 20th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 5th of

Novem'and the 2d of Decern' 1770 - - - - 1,848 1 10

April6th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 3d of

Decern' 1770 and 27th January 1771 - 3,798 10 9

May 10th. To I>, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 28th

of January and 24th February 1771- - - 1,95° —

June 25th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 25th

of February and 24th of March 1771 - - 2,462 6 1 July 8th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 25th

of March and 21st of April 1771 2,264 2 — »

Sept. 24th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 22d

of April and the 19 th of May 1771 2,284 15 I 0£l(f 31st. To D\ for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 20th

of May and 14th of July 1771 - - - - 4,498 IQ- —

To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 15th

of JulyasA nthoF.^»f»^ 1771 - -> - t 2,237 5

Dec. 16th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 12th

of Augujland 8th of Sept' 1771 - 2,246 6 7

24th. To D®, for Insurance of Provisions font to D°, between the

10th of Septem' 1770 and Jan 1771 - * ’ - 6x0 19 3

1772-

Jan. 6th. To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 9th

of September and the 6th of O 1771 - - - 2,274 13 4

1771. ——

JanJ 29th. To Nicholas Linwood, Esqr, for Provisions feat to Minorca, for the Supply of the Garrison there - - - - 3,060 — —

March :8th. To D®, for Provisions sent to D°, for the Supply of the

Garrison there - - - 3,500 — —

Dec' 19th. To D®, for Provisions sent to D% for the Supply of the

Garrison there - - - 3,700 — —

— >'T

April 12th. To Anthony Bacon,. £fqr, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops.

in the Isle of Man, between 'the *ad of . 1770 and the nth of

January 1771 - -1 - - - 404 2 3

June 12th. To for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops

in 0°, between 12th January and 5th April 1771 - - 300 3 6

Aug 16th. To Dj for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops

in P°, between 7th April and 24th June 1771 - - 265 1 £

Novr‘ 16th. To D®1, for Provisions and- Forage delivered to the Troops

in P°, between 25th June and 28th September 1771 288 —

July 5th. To Anthony Bacon, Esq', being the Balance of his Account 2s Contractor for victualling the Troops at Senegal and Gored between the Months of 1759 and March 1 764 -July 25th. To Anthony Bacon and LezvisChauvet, Esq", for 42 Negroes employed and victualled in the Island of Tobago, between the ift of April and 30th of June 1770, and for Negroes employed and victualled at Dominica, between the 1 ft of July and 30th. of Septmber 1770, and also 64 Negroes employed and vi&ualled-by them at Grenada for the same Time, and for the Public Service - ----- 869 3 6

April 16th. To D®, for 6,5 Negroes in the Island of Dominica, and for 78 Negroes in the Island of Grenada, between the ift of

Octoberand 31st of December 1770, for Public Service - 651 2 —

To Dp, for 100 Negroes in the Island of St Vincent’s, .

between the 30th of June and the 30th- of September 1

1770, for the Public Service ----- 687 19 7

i <

12 Geo. III.

Martit.

Dates of Warrants,

t *7 71

May 29th. To Anthony Bacon and Lewis Esq", for 4* Negroes

in the Island of Tobago, between the ift of July and 31st of December 1770, and for 120 Negroes in the Island of S' Vincent's, between the ift of October and 31st of December 1770, for Public Service -

June 6th. To D8, for 84 Negroes in the Island of Vincent, between the 31st of December 1770 and the 31st of March 1771* and for 132 Negroes in the Island of Dominica, for the same Time, for Public Service -July 8th. To D\ for 78 Negroes at Grenada, between the ift of January and the 31st of March 1771, for Public Service

*180 17 $

9*8 iS 4

1771. Olio' 5th.

1772. Jan'J 8 th.

To D\ for 77 Negroes at Grenada, 103 Negroes at S‘ Vi* cent's, and 116 Negroes at Dominica, employed and victualled by them, from the ill of April to the 30th of June 1771, for Public Service *

To D°, for 41 Negroes in the Island of Tobago, between the ill of January and 30th of June 1771, and for 405 Negroes in the Island of Dominica, between the ill of July and the 30th of September 1771, for Public Service Feb. 20th. To D% for 74 Negroes in the Island of Grenada and 38 Negroes in the Island of Tobago, between the xft of July and the 30th of September 1771, and for 102 Negroes in the Island of S' Vincen, from the 30th of June to 30th Sept. 1771, for Public Service -

43» *2 9

1,518

1,018 ia —

1,205 5 4

1770. Feb. 9th.

1771. Jany26th.

To George Monro, Esq', for 365 Days Pay, as Commissary of Stores in Scotland, from 25th December 1770 to 24th December 1771 To Major Rooke, for 365 Days Allowance, as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot, from D° to D"

To Major Blaguire, for 365 Days Pay, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, from D° to D° - -

To John Byron, Esq', for 133 Days D% as Governor of Newfoundland, from 14th August to 24th December 1770 To D8, for 365 Days D8, as D8, from 2 5th of December 1770

to 24th of December 1771

To Lieut. Colonel Morrison, for 365 Days D° of his Two I Assistants, as Quarter Master General, from 25th of December 1769 to the 24th of December 1770

x8a 10 —

273 15 — 282 17 6

199 10 — . 547 10 —

182 10 —

1772.

JanJ 1 6th. To D°, for 365 Days D8, of his Two Assistants, as D°, from

25th December 1770 to 24th 77j - . jQ2 1Q

1771- . -

Jan3 2 2d. To Robert Adair, Esq', for 365 Days Q°, as Inspector.

General of-Hospitals, from 25th December 1769 to 24th of December 1770 - - - - ,

1772.

Jam 7th. To D8, for 365 Days, as D8, from the 25th of December 1770 to the 24th of December, 1771

1771.:

Jan* 31st. To Major General Harvey, for 365 Days additional Pay, i „ as Adjutant General, from' 25th December 176910 24th

December 1770 - -; -

To James Porteous, as Barrack Master at Fort

Augustus and Olwegatchie, 183 Days D°, from the 25th of June 1769 to the 24th of December following -

March 28th. To James Meyrick, Esq1 for the Pay of Twelve additional Surgeons Mates to the 66th Regim' of Foot at Jamaica, from 24th of February 1769 to the 24th of June 1770 -To D°, for183 Days D8 of Eight D* to the 66th Regiment of Foot at D8, from 25th of June 1770 to the 24th of December following -

Sept. 27th. To I>, for 182 Day’s D°of D° to D* Regiment, from 25th of December 1770 to 24th of June 1771 April 5th. To Captai n Andrew Frazer for 17 7 Days D9, as Commissary at Dunkirk'from the i ith of October 1770 to the 5th of April 1771 -

VOL. 33.

547 10 —

547 10 —

365----

36 12 —

358 :i 3 242 J3 TO

*4* 7 3

465 10 — >

57*

£ t.

8,492 13 3

To

11

572

Dates of Warrants.

Martiu

n

; t

; f

1771. OSlcr 23d.

April 15th.

Aug' 26th. April 15th.

Aug* 26th.

275

160

11

joth.

Novr 30th.

1772. . Jan. 16 th.

1771. FebJ 2d.

Mar. 28th.

April 19th.

ijjz. Jan. 16th.

Feb. 18th.

1771. Feb. 18th.

June 29th. July 31st.

/772-Jan. 7th.

To Captain Andrew Frazer, fof t88 Days Pay, as Commissary

at Dunkirk, from the 6 th of April to the 1 ot h of October 1771 282 — —

To Isaac Barre, Esqr, in lieu of 665 Days Half Pay, as Lieut.

Col1 Commandant of the late 106th Regiment of Foot, from 28th February 1769 to 24th December 1770 - -

To Major Barry S‘ Leger, for 183 Days Pay, as Superintend* of the Recruiting Service, from 25th of June 1770 to 24th December following - -

To D°, for 182 Days D*, as D°, from the 25th of December

1770 to the 24th of June 1771 - - - - 159 3 —

To Colonel George Monson, for One Year’s Pay, as Aid de Camp to His Majesty, from the 30th of November 1769

to the 29th of November 1770 - - - 200-----

To Colonel John Wilkins, for 365 Days Pay, as Commandant

at Fort Chartres Illinois, from 25th December 1769 to 24th December 1770 - 136176

To Colonel John Bradjlreet, for 365 Days D*, as Deputy

Quarter Master General in North America, from D° to D° 182 10 — To Richard Cox and Henry Drummond, Esq", for the Pay of Seven additional Surgeons Mates to the 36th Regiment of Foot at Jamaica, from 25th of June 1770 to 24th of April 1771 307 17 3

To Lieutenant General Robert Monckton, Major General James Murray, and Major General James for

their Trouble and Expence in reviewing His Majesty’s Land Forces for the Year 1771

- 2,737 10 —

To John Powell, Esqr, for the Pay'of the Supernumerary Officers belonging to the Regiments of Invalids lately reduced, from 25th December 1770 to 24th December

1771 - " - -

2,938 11 10

To Humphrey Bland Gardiner, Gent.' for Necefiaries furnished to the’Forces in North Britain, (Ac. for the Year 1770 - - 1,674 1 3

To John Brown, Mason, for Ten Years Salary as Architect and Overseer of Bridges and other Works, on His Majesty’s Roads in the Highlands of North Britain, from

October 1757 to October 1767, at Eighty Pounds a Year 800 — — To John Campbell, Esq', Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland, lor a Bill of Exchange drawn by him for furnishing Specie to the Troops there, from 23th of December 1769 to-ijth of December 1770. - - - 404 6 8

To James Majlerton and John Inglis, Esq", in full Satisfaction of the Account of Charges of Oatmeal, Firing, Candles,

&c. furnished to the Forces quartered in several Garrisons and Barracks in North Britain, from ift.of January to 31 ft of December 1770 - ~ - 1,893 . 3 9!

. V - — V

To Humphrey Bland Gardiner, for Necefiaries furnished to

the Forces in North Britain, for the Year 1771 - - 2,190 17 10

To John Campbell, Esqr, Calhief of the Royal Bank of Scotland, for a Bill of Exchange drawn by him, for furnishing

Specie to the Troops there, for the Year 1771 - .356 4 . 9

To Andrew Clinton, Esqr, for. Coals,'Candle, and fund ry Utensils, provided by him-for the Use of the Troops quartered in the Citadel of Plymouth and S' Nicholas' 111 and, from :the 8th of to the ,24th of

December 1770 - - _

To D°, for providing and repairing divers Utensils fof the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from the 23th of December 1769 to the 24th of December 1770 -

To D°, for providing Coals and Candles, for the Use of the Forces at Plymouth Barracks* upon Account - -

To D% so'r providing and repairing divers Utensils for the Use of the Barracks at Dock, from 23th

December 17^0 to 24th June 1771 -

To D°, for providing Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces at Plymouth Barracks, upon'Account - ’ *' -

8

23X

162 12

S°° — r-

280 6 3

300 — — -

A. 17

11,836 2

7>32° 14

ia Geo. Ill

Mattii-

Dates of Warrants.

Jan. 7th/ To Andrew Clinton, Esqr, for providing Coals, Candles, and

l'undry Utensils, for the Troops quartered in the Citadel.

of Plymouth and S' Nicholas' Island to the 24th iDec' 1771 " *67 17 2

1771.

March 8th. To Mr. Stukeley, in full Satisfaction for providing and repairing divers Utensils, and for furnishing Coals and Candles, for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Portjhiouth ... - . -; - - -Dec. 14th. To John Powell, Esq*, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 1,220 Chaldrons of Coals, landed and delivered at Use of the Garrison

there, between 2d of OElor 1770 and 22d of O£lor 1771 -

March28th. To the Earl of Albemarle, for Grass xMoney, for his Regiment of Dragoons in the Summer 1770 - - - 28 13 6

June 29th. To Lieut. Gen1 Elliott, for Grass Money, for his Regim* ,

of Dragoons, in D° Summer - - - 230 9 3

AW 30th. To the Earl of Panmure, for Grass Money, for his Regim*

of Dragoons, in the Summer 1771 - - - 167 4 —

To the Marquis of Lothian, for Grass Money, for his Regim'of Dragoons, in D° Summer - - - - 241 13 6

To the Earl of Pembroke, for Grass Money* for his Regim*

of Dragoons, in D* Summer - - - - 167 4 —

To Major Gen1 Carpenter, for Grass Money, for his Regim‘;

of Dragoons, in D® Summer - 146. 4 —

To the Earl of Albemarle, for Grass Money, for his Regim*

of Dragoons, in D° Summer - 204 9 if

L>ecr 10th. To Lieut. Gen* Mojlyn, for Grass Money, for his Regim*

of Dragoon Guards, in D® Summer - - - - 167 4

To Earl IValdegrave, for Grass Money, for his Regim* of

Dragoon Guards, in D# Summer - - - - 24° x4

To Col. Burgoyne, for Grass Aloney, for his Regim* of

Dragoons, in D° Summer - 2*7 *3

’77*- '

Jam 16th. To Sir John Mordaunt, for Grass Money, for his Regim* of Dragoons, in D° Summer - -

To Lord Robert Manners, for Grass Money, for his Regim* of Dragoon Guards, in D® Summer -

24th. To Lieut. Gen1 Howard for Grass Money, for his Regim* of Dragoons, in D® Summer - -

FebJ 7th. To Lieut. Gen1 Elliott, for Grass Money, for his Regim* of Dragoons, in Dc Summer >»

167 4 — 211 15 —

466 s 1

495 17 ~

7/i.

Jawi 18 th. To the several Colonels of the Regiments of Dragoon G uards and Dragoons, for Horse Furniture, and Accoutrements for their additional Corporals and Private Men - - - - . 3,625 *

To the Colonels of the Regiments of the Light Dragoons* for D°, for their additional Serjeants, Corporals, and Private Men - - - -- - 1,577 11 —

Jain 26th. To Major Gen1 Lambart, in lieu of 49 D* Offreckonings, for the Additionals to the 67th Regiment of Foot - - - - 59 17 10

31st. To Lieut. Gen1 Sir Charles Montagu, inlieU of no D* D°,

for the Additionals to the 2d Regm* of Foot - - 137 9 —

Feb's 25th. To Lieut. Gen1 Browne, in lieu of 50D* D®, for the Additionals to Four Companies of the 48th Regim* of Foot *7 3 3

April 29th. To Sir Jeffery Amherst, in lieu of 182 D* L>®, for Two Companies of Light Infantry, added to the 60th Regim* of Foot - - ----- - 130 19 4

May21ft. To the Colonels of 42 Battalions of Foot, in lieu of 182 D* D°, for the Companies of Light Infantry added to the said Battalions - - - - 4,750 6 —

dime 29th. To Major Gen1 Gore, in lieu of 50 D* D°, for the Additionals to the 61st Regiment of Foot - 62 9 7

Aug1 10th. To Col1 Rob1 Boyd, in lieu of 213 D* D®, for the D® to

the 39th Regiment of Foot - - - - 326 10 3

17721 . s J‘‘n. 24th. To Lieut. Gen1 Sir Charles Montagu, in lieu of 182 D* D®,

for the D® of the 2d Regiment of Foot - 65 9 8

To the Colonels of the ill Battalion of the iff Regiment,

the 67 th, 69th, and 70th Regim* of Foot, in lieu of 182

L* D®, for a Company of Light Infantry added to each 261 18 8

T77t.

Ana 26th. To Robert Adair Esq*, to be paid over to several Surgeon’s Mates, serving

; the Ceded ITands, (Be. - - - 763 2 — J

"V 01#. 33* 7

573

£. s. d.

1,841 18 4

ii2 13 9

1,891 -

3>i$2 9 5t £,202 14 9

3»822 3 7

To

574

Martii.

Dales of Warrants.

A. 1773.

*77*- w,

Sept. 30th. To Robert Adair9 Esqr to be paid over to several extra.

Surgeons and Surgeon's Mates in the Ceded Islands,

for whom there is no Provision made on the Efta-

blishment ----- 600 — —

__________.

\.'* w . ciq ici. Oof j-jitsti. ~c '!. r *

To 17 D* Pay of Lieut. Gen1 Whitmore's Regim* of Foot, from 25th Dec. 1769 to the 10th of Janry 1770, both inclusive, at £.29. 10 4.

1771. a Day.....501 15 8

m June 5th, To James Meyrick, Esqr, for the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishments, to the 64th Regim* of Foot, for the Year 1768 - 467 5 10

21 ft. To John Poweliy Esqr, for the Pay of the Officers and Private Men of the Invalids, from their ceasing on the Establishment to their respective Periods of Reduction - t.t To 115 D* Pay of an Augmentation to the Five Battalions of Foot serving out of Ireland, on Irish Pay; viz. the ift Battn of the ift Regim1, the 2d Regim*, 67th,

69th, and 70thRegim1*, from the ift of 8eptembr 1771 to the 24th of Decemr following, both inclusive, at

5. 10. a Day - - - = - 263 10 10

Novr 11 th. To George Ross9 Esqr, for the- Difference between the Bri~

5,617 17 11

\ it. I try I

rwKTi

lni

tish and Irish Pay, for the 65th Regmr of Foot, for the Year 1768 - 467

ac.:

TJtntr.ut

467 5 IO

30th. To Nathaniel Clements, Esqr, to replace the Subsistence for the Augmentation to the 64th Regiment of Foot, in the Year 1768 - - - - 456 1 10

Novr. 1 ith. To D°, to replace the Subsistence for the Augmentation

To the 65th Regim* of Foot, in the Year 1768 - 456 1 10

o.T

1,363

s. d.

2 —

r.UC

r& o

’) r l

r.iO

Jan) 24th. To the Representatives of the late Major Gen1 Watson9 fora Survey of

Scotland, made by him between the Years 1747 and 1755

28th. To Lieut. Col1 Schester, in full Satisfaction for his Expences, iAc. incurred

_ 7 . on account of the recruiting Service, Anno 1771

Febr) 8th. To Captain Tho* Preston, to reimburse him his Expences attending hisTrial at Boston in New England ——

15th. To Major Gen1 Harvey, as Adjutant General, for his contingent Disbursements, from 25th Deer 1.769 to 24th Deer 1770

1772.

Jan. 24th. To

8,229 19 9

.ir, oT

3,077-----

I-.

771

) D°, as D°, for his contingent Disbursements, from the 2Jth of Decemr

1770 to the 24th of Decent 1771 ---- 411

tUi

\§ z.

204 9 —

269 17 —

., - -404 15 10

Feb’) 20th. To the Inhabitants of the Landgraviate of Hejj'e Cajfel, in full for Services performed in the late War in Germany -

2ift. To Henry Cunningham, Esqr, Deputy Commissary of Stores and Provisions for East Floriday for Expences incurred for Provisions put in Store, for the Use of the Forces there -

26th. To Charles O'Hara, Esqr, Governor of the Province of Senegambia, for contingent Expences incurred in his Government, between the ift of January 1769 and 31st of August 1770 -

Mar. ift.. To Sir John Major, Bart, and John Henniker, Esqr, in full Satifaction of all Demands whatever, on account of their late Contract -

7th. To Lieut. Christopher Pauli, for Presents made to the Indians in the Neighbourhood of Lake Erie in North America, in the Years 1761 and 1762 -25th. To the Representatives of Henry Wauchope9 deceased, late Barrack Master at Plymouthy being the Balance on his final Account -

28th. To Lieut. John Thomas, for Losses he sustained at Fort Abberville in North America, in the Year 1765, the Time that Garrison was pillaged by the Indians -

To Lieut. Col1 Roy, for travelling Expences incurred in making Surveys in Great Britain and Ireland, in 1765, 1767, 1768, and 1770

1772*

Jan. 29th. To D°, for D% in making Surveys in South and North Britain, in the Year

'll*.....- - -

,77I*

March 28th. To Wm Rice9 Surveyor of the Guards, to be by him paid over to the Artificers, for Work done by them in Repairs, &c. at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard, Somerset House9 St. James's9 Whitehall Kensington, and Hampton Court, in 1770 To Robert Adair, EJqr, as Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, for his contingent Expences, from 25th oljune 1770 to 24th Decern)following -

11« .

> h

3>S9l '3

128 7 --

6,036 I I 1,169 *8 7

65-----

118 46

377 —

idiot

238 9 —

l>573

*54

5 1°

6 ir

To

i2 Geo. Ill*

MartiL

575

Dates of Warrants.

177x*

March 28 th.

August 30th. April5 th.

1772.

Febo 7 tli. 177:. April 15 th.

2 2(J.

Afoy 21 ft.

24th.

June 11 tli.

21 ft.

22d.

July 12 th.

1772. fetn 5 th.

1771. July 17 th.

To John ’Trotter, £fqr, for providing Hospital Bedding* for the Use of the Forces at Dominica, Gambia, and Senegal -

To D°, for providing Hospital Bedding, for the Use of the Forces at Sent-gambia - - *-

To Major Barry S' Leger, for his contingent Disbursemfents as Superintend-ant of the recruiting Service to 24th December 1770 -

To D°, for his contingent Disbursements 06 D° to 24th June 1771 - ->

To Capt" Andrew Frazer, as Com miliary at Dunkirk, for his contihgertt Expellees, for the Year 1770 - *

To D% as D°, for his contingent Expences, for the Year 1771 .

To Lieut. Col. Morrison, as Quarter Master General, for his contingent Disbursements, from 25th Dec. 1769 to 24th Dec. 1770 -

To WhinvellButler, for a Year’s Rent of a House at Senegal, for the Use of the Chief Justice there, from the 7th of February 1770 to the 7th of February 1771- - - .

To Col1 John Mole}worth, for the Marches of the Cornwall Regim* of Militia,

from 25th December 1761 to 24th December 1762 -

To George Gamier, Esqr, Apothecary General to the Army, for Medicines and Materials furnished by him for the Forces in England, the Indies', Africa, and North America, in the Years 1769, 1770, and 1771 To John E/lis, F.fqr, for the Purchase of a Schooner, and keeping Her up for the Service of the Province of West Florida, from the ift of January 1771 to the ift of January 1772 -

To James Meyrick, Esq*, to be by him paid over to Lieut. Herbert, for Bedding, iftc. provided by him for a Detachment of the 59th Regim* of Foot doing Duty at Placentia -

To Thomas Francis, Esqr, for the Trouble and Expence in defending several vexatious Suits brought against Officers and Soldiers in the Army in the Years 1764 and 1765 - -

To John Blackburn, Merch*, for supplying four Vessels on the Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, and Huron, in North America, from the 10th of November 1770 to the 10th of May 1771 - - - .

To D°, for supplying Four D# on D° Lakes, from the 10th of May to the 10th of November 1771

To Robert Grant, Esq\ for the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner, for the Service of the Province of East Florida, for One Year, from 29th Au~ gift 1770 to 29th August 1771 - - - - .-

AugJ 26th. To John Campbell, Esq', for Pay Bills for Boat Men, iftc. and for Provisions for them belonging to a Scout Boat, employed in South Carolina, from 28th May 1770 to 27th May 1771 -

OSF 2d. To James Clark, for the Hire of a Vessel employed by Governor O'Hara in the River Gambia, Africa -

Novr 30th. To Vincent Matthias, Esq', late Agent to the 24th Regim* of Foot, to make good an Overpayment on the Non-effeiftive Fund of the said Regiment, on their being reduced in the Year 1769 - -

Dec. 6th. To the Right honb1' Thomas Harley and John Hilman, Esq*, for Freight, Packing, Carriage, Insurance, and Charges, in fending C-loathing to the Invalids doing Duty at sundry Garrisons -

19th. To the Representatives of Joseph Debat, Esq*, late Lieut. Governor of the Province of Senegambia, and Governor of James Fort in Africa, to reimburse the Sums of Money expended by the said Governor for Contingencies, between the 6th of May 1766 and the 29th of 1770

1772. Feb. 5th.

To Major Gen1 James Murray, for his Allowance for Fire and Candle, as Governor of Quebec, from the 29th of June 1766 to the 24th of June 1768

£ s. d. "8 13 5

281 19 5*

88 12 3

123 10 2

29 9 6

32 12 --

375 6 4

60 — — i

296 12 —

M56 *3 5*

315-----

163 *5 —

297 — 4

1.600 — —

1.600 -

417 5 —

366 9 —

100 — — *

211 5 55 8 —

1,620 12 1

189 19 8

£-3Sl>6H 5

Vol. 33.

Towards

576

Martii.

A. 1772

1 /

Towards which may be applied the following; viz.

The Difference between British and Irish Pay of the 64th Regim* of Foot, from ift Sept, to 24th Dec. 1768, voted in Account of Extraordinaries 1769 - - 931 16 11

The Difference between British and Irish Pay of the 65th

Regim* of Foot, from D* to D°, voted in D° - - 9311611

In the Hands of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, for Provisions delivered to the Regim1' serving in N° America and Minorca, between the 25th of June 1770 and

<; :r

i K O 1

21

O

64

5 5

f I

s 10

the 24th of June 1771 Savings upon the Vote of Parliament, for the Pay of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1771 - - - 138,090

Savings, being Part of the Sum of £. 73,545, voted in Account of Extraordinaries in the Year 1770 for Levy Money, for the said Augmentation The Sums voted for victualling the Forces at Gibraltar,

North America, East and West Florida, Ceded I Hands, and Africa - -- - - -- - 5 5,836 15 1

}\1 %' . 1» 1!Tdi£1

- 36>772 —

r

Savings on the several Votes of Parliament, for the Pay

of reduced Officers and Marines, from the 25th of Jim

1757 to 24th December 1768 ----- 40,000----

Remains to be provided for by Parliament

I *. tm W-

Pay Office, Horse Guards,

5th March, 1772.

iJCtl *!<-

4 V

> cT

J. br e

293,927 10 2

£-S7>7°5 f4 11J

Barrington.

UU

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Richmond A Petition of several Inhabitants and Owners of Lands Bridge. and Estates, within the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Twickenham, va the County of Middlesex-,

Buildings and Party Wills.

layers, and Joiners, of the City of London, and of other Builders and Workmen residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and in the several Pari Hies, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the several Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves. Were severally presented to the House, and read; and other the Builders and Workmen within the said Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge Cities, Suburbs, and Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and across the River Thames, from Richmond, in the Places, was referred; That the Committee had examined County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him County of Middlesex-, and to enable His Majesty to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aforesaid to William Windham, Esquire, in Fee afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Simple; and setting forth, That if a safe and the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. commodious Bridge was built cross the River To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Thames, from Richmond to the opposite Shore, Acts of the Nineteenth of Charles the Second, the Sixth of proper and durable Materials, and Arches of and Seventh of Queen Anne, the Eleventh of George the proper Dimensions, such Bridge would be of First, the Thirty-second of George the Second, and the great Benefit; and representing to the House, Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present That the Place where the said Bridge is proposed Majesty, for regulating Buildings, and preventing Mif-to be built is not the most convenient Place for chiefs happening by Fire, were read: And, that Purpose; but if the said Bridge is built Mr. George Wyatt, a Builder, being examined, said, either at the Place proposed, or any other Place That the said Acts are ineffectual to answer the Purposes within the said Parish, the Petitioners hope the thereby intended, particularly with respect to Party same will be made subject to all Parochial and Walls, and to the Latitude left open, with respect to other Rates; And therefore praying, That they Buildings; for though Houses arc directed to be may be heard before the Committee to whom built ol Stone or Brick, there is no Provision againlb the said Bill is committed, with respect to any building Timber Sheds close to them; and that the Provisions therein that may any wife affect them; said Acts do not extend to Half the Bills of Mor-and that they may have such Relief as the House tality.

shall think fit. Mr. James Wood, a Builder, confirmed the above

\nd the said Petitions were severally ordered Evidence; and added, That if some of the said Acts

were repealed, and the others consolidated and made One Ad, it would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and

Places

to lie upon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and other Members, of the several Companies of Carpenters, Brick-

St. John and St. fame*, Clerkenwell.

Ditto.

i a Geo. III. 9" A

Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parities of Saint Mary, leBandy and

and Saint Luke at Chetfea, in the county of ;

and for the 'better preventing of Mischiefsby Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties,' Parishes, Precincts, and Places; and for amending arid reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Ad; and for other Purposes: And that Sir Francis Vincen(, Sir Joseph Mr.

Baker, 'Mr. Onjloip, and Mr/Alderman Oliver, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the District or Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in, the County of Middlesex, whose Names arc thereunto sub-

feribed, in Behalf of themselves and othere residing in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and rcadi Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for endowing the said Church, and providing a Maintenance for the Minister thereof; and representing to the House, that before the said District or Parish was separated from the Parish of Saint James, the Inhabitants of the; ancient Parish purchased the Churchj Church-yard, and Right of Patronage; since which Time the Inhabitants have been exempt from all Tythes or, Races for the Maintenance of a Minister; and that the Petitioners apprehend that this District or Parish is not a distinct Parish separated frorp the Parish of Saint James’, and that the said Churjch was originally a Chapel of Ease, in the Hand's of privat? Pecfons, arid supported by the Proprietors out of the Rents of the Pews; but that, since the said Division has-been made, the Petitioners have been heavily taxed for the Repairs of the said Church,.and very much burthened with other Rates and Taxes; therefore any new Tax will be more than they can well bear, and be otherwise prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, and Interest, of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to consider their Cafe; and that they may be heard, by themselves -or Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Petition is referred; and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of William Sedan, Clerk, Minister or Curate of the Parish Church

in the County of Middlesex, and of the Churchwardens, and principal Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish, on Behalf of themselves and many others. Inhabitants within the same Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That in the Year 1656 the Perpetual Advowsori and Patronage of this Parish was purchased, for a valuable Consideration, out of the Parish Stock, and ever since, the Right of Nomination and Appointment to the Vicarage or Curacy of the said Parish hath belonged to, and been exercised by, the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the fame; and that the Church or Chapel, commonly called Saint John's Church, Clerkenwell, was originally a Chapel of Ease to

the Parish of Saint James; and that, by an Act of the Tenth of Queen Anne, it is directed, that no D.vision and Separation concerning Parish Rates shall take place in such Parishes, without the Consent of the Ministers, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Parish; and that, till an Agreement or Settlement is made between the Commissioners and the Patrons of the ancient Parish, concerning the Advowson of the new Pari ft), the Vicars and Curates, and their Successors, shall hold and enjoy the said Vicarages and Curacies, and the Dues and Profits thereof; and that, in the Year 1723, the Commissioners under the said Act purchased the said Chapel, and converted it into a Church, and described a certain District taken out of this Parish, calling the said Chapel Saint John's Church, and the said District Saint John's Farifli; but that, at that Time,

and afterwards, the Parishioners and Inhabitants of Saint . Vojl. 33.

... 577

James, objected - to such Division, and have constantly refused to give their Consent to it; and slut the Purifi; Ratesin general have been everfince assessed in the Veftn? of Saint Jjm<;sand that the New Church or Chapel, which was originally repaired out of the Income arising from the Pews, hath been, since the said Division, an additional Burthen to the said.Parish o Jamis’,

and the Minister of Curate of the said Parish has" no Endowment of any Kind, except a8f. 9 and a final! Legacy for preaching Sermons, preparatory ‘to the . Sacrament; that, he depend^ for Support and Mairite-rumce upon Surplice Fees, which are precarious, ‘arid 'upon voluntary Collections and Contributions; and that it hath been the.uninterrupted Gustonyripm the Time of t'be, Rurd/afe ,of ftie GbpLiving, to' make such Col-left^ns and Contributions throughput the whole Parjlh of Saint Joints,.weft as.' Saitft James, for the Suppprt of the said Minister; and that, fKoqld any Tax or Rate be levied upon the Inhabitants of th^District or PariQi of Saint John, the Rights and Ijiterefts of the'Minister of this Parish would be greatly injured, arid his Iricoriie greasy dimmilhedr:. And therefore, praying the House ,tp t^ke the.Premftes into.Confid.er?itjpn, -and to grant,

' that the Vestry Book of Saint Jarid such.Deeds > . arid,\yritings ?5, relate thff SubjectMatter set forth jn

Petition, may be produced^' ^n<J that they may be.lieardi by thernfelyeo o; C^infel^agaipftilfe Petition,

' or such Parts of it as they apprehend/nay be prejudicial tp them ;. and that, they may be relieved jri such Mariner as to the’House shall seem meet. , " ‘ ,

*) And the said Petitions were feveratly ordered so.be , / referred to the Consideration of the Committee,

.to whom the Petition of tlae Rector, , Chprcji-V‘wardens,. Vestry, and principal. fnliabii4rits, of the New Church and, PajHh,:pf£tfritf fjonn, Clerkenwell, in the C$pniy of ^Midd/efeJ, is referred; and the' Petitioners are to be beard, ,\>y their Counsel, before the said Corriinitte'e, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.- 3 1 <

Ordered, That it, be an Instruction to the said Com- v mittee, that they dp admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against: the Petitions now presented.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Chatham cording to Order, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, S^*u» lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- n.nd\>*»n»^. mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Indofar*. and Commonable Places, in the Parish of 9

in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, arid Commonable Places, in the Parish of , i xx

the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Skynner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay a.rx<J Militia. Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1772, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

7 H The

578

9° Mar

jr

A. 1772

St. Neou (Byncfbury) Road.

The Lord Ludlow presented to the House, according the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Cir-

.to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road mittee had gone through the Bill; and made (everai

from the West End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of St. Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Sell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Woolley

kidofure.

T urnpike Roads: Wheels of Carriages.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, mon and Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of ingrossed.

Woolley, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the

Third Time. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Viicoant

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title to dissolve the Marriage of the Right honourable Edward be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Viscount Ligonier with Penelope Pitt; and to enable him lvotcc

Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals. /

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Woolley, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Lord Hinchingbrook do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

It i

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to confidel of so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His

to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amend*

ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their

Lord ships.

Sir William Meredith presented to the House, accord- Richmond present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, ing to Order, a Bill for completing a Building intended (Uncafer) and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General for a new Church or Chapel at Richmond, near Ever/on, Ckal>d Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ and for other Pur-of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein men- poses: And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

tioned, as relates to the Breadth of the Wheels of Carriages used upon Turnpike Roads, and to the Number of Horses allowed to be used therewith, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ing and inclosing the Open and Comall other Commonable Lands, within

A Bill for dividin mon Fields, and alf other Commonable

the

r.j

the Precincts of the Hamlet of Throckmorton, in County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dow-fndofufe Sir George Savile presented to the House according dcfwell, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet nc o u*. to a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

mons or Moors, within the Township of Royston, in the Chamber.

County of York*: And the same was received; and read

the First Time. Mr. Hanmer reported from the Committee to whom

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Bill for naturalizing Conrad Rucker, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of A Bill for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the loaded Horses, Pedlars, Tinkers and Petty Chapmen, Committee had directed him to report the Bill to and for filling up or inclosing Coal and other Pits, and the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nuisances the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Alexander Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac-Gilmour, Mr. Edmonflone, hc.: And they are to meet cording to Ordej*, a Bill for the more effectual pro-this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Throck.

morion

Inclosure.

Rucker*

Nat

Carters,

Ac.

Scotland

Felons

Arraign

against Persons (landing mute on their Arraign-'elony or Piracy: And the same was received;

Laneham

Inclosure.

lir George Savile presented to the House, according to ier, a Bill for dividing and in*

Sir

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Laneham, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ceedin ment ror

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That His Majesty’s most Marriage

..... lk'r~'r-----:-U*U--------"-J of the

Royal

Family.

B -dford

Level

Corporation.

gracious Message might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Two Questions, put by the Lords to the Judges, and their Answers, which are contained in the Report, which, upon Friday Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, last, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to whom the Bill to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and to search the Journals of the House of Lords, as to Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the what Proceedings arc therein, with relation to a Bill Great J_^vel of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, lately sent by the Lords to this House, intituled, An Act to borrow upon Bonds further Money, upon account of for the better regulating the future Marriages of the

the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for establishing a further certain Fund, for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation out of the said Middle and South Levels, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

Royal Family, and to make Report thereof to the House, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it does not appear that the Proposition

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties affirmed in His Majesty’s MefTage to this House, viz. concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to " That the Right of approving all Marriages in the 5 * Royal

ta Geo. III.

" Royal Family has ever belonged to the Kings of " this Realm," is founded in Law, or warranted by the Opinion of the Judges of England;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for the regulating of the Privy Council, and for taking away the Court commonly called the Star Chamber, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j JJ'- ' } ««#.

Tellers so, the Noes. j f M*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed; That the said Bill be now read a Second Tim And Notice being taken, that it was then Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

» The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. \ «J- Tm*«’ } .3,

Tellers for the Noes, },«.

So it paired in, the Negative.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the ioth Day of May 176$, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to a Clause offered to be added to an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should defeend to any of the Children of His Majesty, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons, to prevent the Person nominated Regent, if a Female, from marrying without the Consent of Parliament, might he read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, T'hat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

tn4 Means, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply panted to His Majesty.

Su«rt’* Ordered, That the Order made upon Saturday the 29th

pj^rm Day of February last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday the xoth Day of this Instaat Match, to consider of the Petition. of James Archibald Stuart, be now read.

VOL. 33.

57p

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House" wd!, upoq ThutfSay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon ft, for Efatet

the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole (F^el?>M House, upon that Day Seven night, upon the Bill to Affeufor make Freehold and Copyhold ami Customary Freehold Debts. Estates Affcts for Pay morn of Simple Contnrd Debts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House win, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday last. Corporation, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday, upon the Bill for regulating the Admission of Freemen into Corporations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, Sandharft for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom Torre*, the Bill to reftmin the Lord of the Manor of Sandkurjl, in the County of Serb, for the Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, annually, upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned, was committed, upon Tuesday, be dow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon.

Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday last, insolvent for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Debtors, whole House, upon Tuesday, upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Friday last, for pale the Second Reading of the Bill for the more dfe&ually securing sufficient Quantities of Oak Timber for the Dim of the Royal Navy, upon Tuesday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tim© upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit-, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the Houfin-

And then the House adjourned till Tfrcaorrewnr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

9 ° Mdrtii.

5So

I I

' Martii.

A. 1772.

U

obiO u

Mercurii, 11° die Martii\

r

Anno it’ Georgii IUUI Regis, 1772,

rfij '

u

¥-Vl

Prayers.

Ojflt v

»ii

.racian

J Lftt Mtim<2S

Lewis’s

Divorce*

be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of . Norfolk. r

Ordered, That Sir Edward A ft ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I n S.*: [:. ' [L .)

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, /jRdered, That the Order of the Day, for the House in, Downham Market, to the Queens Head, and from the C' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Chequer Inn, in Downham Market, aforesaid, to the upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An East End of the Two Mile CloJe, in the Parish of Bar-Act to dissolve the Marriage tff Hugh Lezvis, with Susan- ton, and towards Watton, to a Place called Tfo Devils nah Hale, otherwise //<?*/«?, his now Wife, and to enable Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and for Hopping up him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein the Road leading from Stradfet, through Barton Layes, mentioned j.benow read. toward Watton, was read a Second Time.^r

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That the Bill be committed

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee. Grey, Sir Edward Ajlley, &c.: And they are

Downha

Market,

Sec

Roads.

Mr. Speaker left the Chan*.

Mr. Hotham took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hotham reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. ‘ 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant March, ‘resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the said Bill.

itiSikjdxmT r» »:

to Mr. De to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1 *} »i 1

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Conrad Rucker, was Rocker's read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Conrad Rucker.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanmer do carry the Bill to the LordSj and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators of the Great Level of the Fens, comnionly called Bedford CorPawIJOa'

Bfdfb-d

Levd

Canongate A Bill for ‘lighting, cleansing, and watching, the (Edinburgh) Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, of the Burgh of Level, to borrow upon Bonds further Money, upon Streets, &c. Canongate, and the Liberties of Pleasance and Leith- Account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said wynd, adjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edin- Great Level; and for establishing a further certain Fund, burgh, was read a Second Time. for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation out

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to the Lord of the said Middled South Levels, was read the Third Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Edmonstone, &c. t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tnfolvent The L°rd Advocate Scotland presented to the Debtor*, &c. House, according to Order, a Bill for rendering the (Scotland.) Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Dili-

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to borrojv upon Bonds further Money, upon Account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level 5 and for establishing a further certain Fund, for

gence of the Laws by Arrestment and Poinding, and Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation out of for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, the said Middle and South Levels and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory 1 rru- e-- <*~/*" rj*-"

Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bishopgate

(London)

Poor.

A Bill for the more cfTeftual assessing and collecting of the Rates for Relief of the Poor, in the Parish of S-alnt Botolph, Bishopgate, in the Liberties of the City of London, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,' That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Srecothick, Mr. Alderman Sazvbridge, &c: And they ire to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

( »% , 191 lAt * a ► i

r M* (V^ '// I ** *

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and commonable Lands, within the Parish of Quinton, in the County of Gloucejla-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Quintoc

indofore.

J

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Mea- Farriagdai dow Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Indofort. Man ton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Farringdon, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Inclosure. mon Fields, within the Parish of Manton, in the County Time.

of Rutland, was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fan-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title fittart, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Fields, within the Parish of Manton, in the County of Chamber Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Norwich

to

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeas and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Deeds ftd

Wills of Papist*.

SCtRoad City Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Nor- be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment

folk, was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass

of Deeds and Wills.made by Papists, and for Relief of And that the Title Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered,

12 Geo. III. 119 Martii. 581

Ordered, That Mr. Ambler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sandhurst A Petition of Richard Esquire, Devisee in

Turves. Trust of the real Estates of Daniel Rich, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Lord of the Hundred and Manor of Sonuing, in the Counties of Oxon and Berks, as Devilee in Trust under the Will of the said Daniel Rich-, and that the Pari lb of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, lies within the said Hundred and Manor;and that the Petitioner observes by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to enable Daniel Fox, Esquire, and Elizabeth Caroline his Wife, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, within the said Parish; which, the Petitioner apprehends, will be injurious to the Estate late of the said Daniel Rich: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the said Bill; or that he may have such other llelief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to ret!rain the Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, for the Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Manor, for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, annually, upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned, is committed} and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself or Counsel, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

JDitto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Land, in the Parishes of Sunning, Hurst, Wokingham, Barkham, Birfteld, Warfield,

and Finchampstead, in the Counties of and

or some or one of them, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Occupiers of Land in the said Pa-, , rifbes; And also,

pltto. Another Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Land, in the Parishes of Sunning, Hurst, -

ham, Barkham, Binfield, Warfiel Easthamp-

stead, and Finchampstead, in the Counties of Berks and Wills, or some or one of them, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Occupiers of Land in the said Parishes;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been informed that a Bill is depending to authorize the Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, annually, upon such Quantity of Land, Part of the Waste Lands of the said Manor, as in the said Bill is mentioned, and to sell and dispose of such Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern} and alledging. That the said Parishes are of very considerable Extent, and contain a great Number of Inhabitants, and adjoin or are near to the said Manor of Sandhurst; and the Petitioners and others. Inhabitants of the said Parishes, for a great Number of Years previous to the Year 1763, were supplied with Turves and Peat for Fuel at a reasonable Rate, which was a great Advantage and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and especially to the Poor, as Coal and Wood for Fuel are sold at a high Rate, and the Quantity of Fuel produced is very insufficient for the necessary Consumption of the Inhabitants; and that, since the Year 1763, when, as the Petitioners have beep in-Vot. 33.

formed, Daniel Fox, and Elizabeth Caroline hi*

- Wife, Lord of the said Manor, were restrained from cutting Turves and Peat for Sale from the Waste Lands of the said Manor, the Inhabitants of the said Parishes have been put to considerable Expence and Inconvenience, in purchasing Coal and Wood for Fuel; and that the Petitioners conceive it will be of great Advantage, not only to the Petitioners, but to all the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parishes, if the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being is . permitted to cut Turves and Peat from the Waste Lands of the said Manor, for Sale: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to restrain the Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, for the Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat,

Heath, and Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Manor, for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, annually, upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned, is committed.

Mr. Vanftttart presented to the House, according to Maidenhead Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Bridge. Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Congreve reported from the Committee, to whom Aldermaston* the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads from &<=.

Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to Baftngstoke, and RoacU. to the Turnpike Road from Baftngstoke to Andover, and to the Turnpike Road leading to at

Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Dowdtfwell reported from the Committee, to Kingsnortoa whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons Inclosure. and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kingsnorlon, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of estates of the Annual Value of £.675. 151. or thereabouts; and that the whole An. nual Value of the Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed is £,8,373. 18 s.6 d-or thereabouts; and that

no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill), and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

7 I the

Moorby,

Sec,

Inclosure.

Cottingham,

&Q.

Roads.

Richmond

Bridge.

582 ii° Martii. A. 1772.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Ameotts do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Moorby cum Wilkfby, in the Townships of Moorby and Wilkfby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

Mr. Ameotts accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, whole Property in the said Fields amounts to the Annual Value of £. 2. 51. who had been applied to by Letter, but no Answer had been as yet received; and that the Whole of the Annual Value of the Property in the said Fields amounts to £.287 or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the West End of Newland Clow Lane, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, unto or near Newland Clowy on the West Side of the River Hully and from the of-pofite Bank of the said River, to the South East Corner of the Church Yard Wall in Sutton in Holderness, and from thence to or near Salts Gate, adjoining to the Turnpike Road between Kingston upon Hully and Hedon in Holderness aforesaid, and from the said South East Corner of Sutton Church Yard Wall, unto and through Low Gate Street, and from thence to the Toll Bar near the Two Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road between Kingston upon Hull, and Hedon aforesaid; and also for building a Bridge across the River Hully at or near Newland Clow aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allan-foiiy Sir George Savi/e, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the of-pofite Shore, in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond aforesaid, to William Windham, Esquire, in Fee Simple, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon lo-morrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant Marcky resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several

Inhabitants and Owners of Lands 4nd Estates, within the Parish of Richmond, :.n the County of Surrey; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, which were presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Second Reading of the said Bill, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That General Honywood do make the Re- Sand fori, port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for di- *c-viding and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, Ldofure, and Stinted Pasture, within the Manor of Sand ford, in the Parish of War cop, in the County of Westmorland, was committed.

General Honywood accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Henry Chator, Doctor of Laws, who be ing applied to, refuted to sign the Bill, but did not oppose; and also except James Maddifon, who is Abroad, and whole Property in the Lands to be inclosed is very small; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Ball, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments wore Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, amend, and render Tonbndg# more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of v^‘s* the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the Parish of Etching ham, and from Frant to Pojfmgworth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Black Boys, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the Parish of Etchingham, and from Frant to Poffuigworth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Black Bays, in the County of Sussex,

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Captain Ross reported from the Committee, to whom J.an rk, the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, lead- &r-ing through the County of Lanark; and for building *0,<k a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called the Howford, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and* that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

i2 Geo. III. 11° Martii. 583

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Welland Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom River the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, «nd Bank, Inhabitants, and others, interested in the better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River in the

Counties of Lincoln and Northampton, was referred; 1 That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Full wood Saunderson, being examined, said, That the Great Bank of the River Welland, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cohabit, PeakCropland, and

is supported and repaired at the Expence of the Corporation of Bedford Level, Charles Orby , Esquire, and the Adventurers of Deeping Fen.

That the said Bank is too low, and not of sufficient Strength to refill the Waters in Times of Floods; and that if it were made of a sufficient Height and Strength, the Value of tire adjacent Low Grounds would be greatly increased.

That the present Road along the said Bank, and from thence to the Turnpike Road, between Peterborough and Lincoln, is in a ruinous Condition, much too narrow, and inrpaflaole in case of Floods ;and if the same was made safe and commodious, at all Seasons, it would be of great public Advantage: And,

That he apprehends, that the said Road and Rank may be more effectually made and kept in Repair, under the Direction of Commissioners, than by the Laws now in being.

Gibbs Craws.trd, Esquire, Mr. John Browne, and Mr. George Fhompfon, being severally examined, laid, That the said Corporation of Bedford Level, Charles Orby Hunter, Esquire, and the said Adventurers, are wilfing ta contribute an annual Sum of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, in case they may be exonerated from the Charge of supporting the said Bank.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for the better Preservation of the Great Rank of the River Welland, from Spalding Bridge, through Cowbit,

Pcakhill, Crowland and Peakirk; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of Gfenton, in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton; And that Mr- Hobart and Lord Robert Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kemerton Mr. Southwell presented to the House,. according to lndofnre. Order, a Rill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Kemerton, in the County of G lone ester t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second Time-

Free A Petition of Major General John Salter, Pali De-Mafoni. puty Grand Mailer of the Society of Free and Accepted Masons, Richard Ripley, Esquire, and Fleming Pinkftotie, Esquire, Pad Grand Wardens, and other Per-lops. Members of the said Society, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Rehalf of themselves and many others, being Members of the said Society, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners oblerye, by the Votes, that a Rill has been presented, for incorporating and well governing the Society of Free and Accepted Masons, and for other Purposes; and that, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, the said Bill, if it should pals into a Law, will not in any jxfpeft contribute to the well governing of the Society to which the Petitioners belong; but, on the contrary, will be very dctrimeatal and oppressive to them and many others of the Society, and cannot possibly be attended with any good Co&sequences to the Public: Vot.33.

And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass; or that the House will grant such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and, Mr.

Montagu r

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Teas, for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain -, and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such. Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to' Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Bri; and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes, which have arisen upon the said Act of Parliament; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Skeflington for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields Indoture. and Commonable Places in the Parish of and County of Leicester; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fincha^ for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosure. Half Year Inclosures, and Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Fineham, in the County of Norfolk j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ming ton for lighting focli Part of the Town of Islington, as lies Lighting in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch wftchf therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to die Bill, intituled, An Act chester for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River CumI. Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by v,fcount this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Ligcnter’t Marriage of the Right honourable Edward Viscount Divorce. Ligonier with Penelope Pitt; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to . , dissolve the Marriage of William Skinn with Ann Skim, Divorce, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Colleton, Baronet, with D°ivorce? Ann Fulford, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jj-tw to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Baronet, *

with Ann Fulford, his now Wife; and to enable hiqri to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for M|(. further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing

Mutiny

584 MA. 1 7

Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America: And that the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Low Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom Toynton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and inclosure. Commonable Places, in the Parish, Lordship, or Liberties, of Low Toyntori, iti the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

African Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Company, prevent fraudulent Admissions into the Company of Merchants for extending and improving the Trade to Africa: And that Sir William Meredith, the Lord , Mr. Alderman Trecethick, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Dempster, do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

Marriage* of the Royal Family.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingfofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ACfc for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, *That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telkrs for the j «4-

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ellis took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Draper* Ordered, That the Order made upon the 3d Day of Divorce, this Instant March, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the 12th Day of the same Month, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Draper with Elizabeth Hartnell, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, the 19th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Free Ordered, That the Order made upon the 4th Day of Masons. this Instant March, for the House to resolve itself into 4

a Committee of the whole House, upon the t2( of the same Month, upon the Bill for incorporati well governing the Society of Free and Accepts fons, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, 1 read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Da) night, the 26th Day of tills Instant March, resolv into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday 1: the Second reading of the Bill for enlarging the Ter Powers of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of His Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and all several Roads, leading from to

other Places, in the County of Devon; and for 1 ing and widening the Hoad from the Guildhall ih stock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Brook to Cherry Brook, and to Dunnabridge Pound-, and the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwell Ham an< Quay, in the said County, upon Thursday; be now

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monda_ for the Second Reading of the Bill for repairin widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County o von, to Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, said County, upon Thursday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday for the House to resolve itself into a Committee ( whole House, upon Thursday, to consider of the tion of fames Archibald Stuart, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday ] ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Motida for the House to resolve itself into a Committee < whole House, upon Thursday, upon the Bill to Freehold and Copyhold, and Customary Freehold, E Assets for Payment of Simple Contract Debts, b read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day H night, the 19th Day of this Instant March, resolve into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday for the House to resolve itself into a Committee < whole House, upon Thursday, upon the Bill for re] ing the Admission of Freemen into Corporations, b read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday I ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday for receiving the Report from the Committee, to the Bill to restrain the Lord of the Manor of San, in the County of Berks, for the Time being, fron ting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except such Quantity of Ijmd in each Year, as in th

i2 Geo. III. ii° — 13

Bill is mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, Annually, upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned, was committed, upon be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Sevennight, the 19th'Day of this Inllant March.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

' Mar tit. 585

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do cafry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Sampson Gideon presented to the House, according Ra®fcy,

to Order, a Bill for imbanking, draining, and preserving, _ certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish s of Ramsey, in the County of H, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, , and

within the Isle of Ely, in the county of ; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's , by a Drain called Vermuyden's, or the Forty Feet , to a

Bridge called the Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Veneris, 130 die Martii\

Anno 120 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Be (Tel Heigh, "TV TR- Penruddock reported from the Committee, to See.6 ’ 1V1 whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads. Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from BeJJelJleigh to Hungerj in the county of ,

to Leckjord, otherwise , in the County of

Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

St. Neots A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the (Rynelbury) West End of Saint Ives , in the Town of Saint Road. Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at

the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Ludlow, Sir Matthew Ridley, And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

.' J

jviktclic Raism A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, inclosure. Moors, and Common Pastures, in the Lordship of Middle Raism, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Lascelles, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. t

Ufoorby, An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Sec. Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and Inclosure. other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of

cum Wilkjby, in the Townships of Moorby and Wilkjby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Moorby cum Wilkjby, in the Townships of Moorby and Wilkjby, in the County of Lincoln.

Vol. 33.

Sir Sampson Gideon presented to the House, according whutlefey, to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an . &c.

Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of Drainage, his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands, and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle oj Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the several Fen and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Tav-stock Reading of the Bill for enlarging the Tei'm and Powers to of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Ma- plynJ°"lh» jetty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, fe- R0ada. veral Roads leading from Tav’fock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Brook Street, to Cherry Brook, and to Dunnabtidge Pound; and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Marwell Ham and New £>jtay, in the said County, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rigby,

Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Dun*ford, Reading of the Bill for repairing and widening the Road &c* from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of °*

Dunsjord, in the County of Devon, to Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Yonge, Mr. Rigby, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Trustees of the Estate of Henry Smith’* Smith, Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of charity Eftat*. Money to the Relief of his poor Kindred; and to enable the said Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate in the Parishes of Kenftngton, Chelsea, and Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of was read &

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard,

Mr. Onslow, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectual vesting in the polled

7 K Royal Prizes.

130 Martii. . 177

Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee - of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Barljthorp*,

*c.

Inclosure.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Common Grounds, within the Hamlet of in the

Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland: And the

lame tvas received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

unto, which they had directed him to report to tl House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afte wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in: the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made. That the said Report I now read;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, a< quainted the House, That His Majesty, having bee informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Cor sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, th; the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to tl said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, some < them were disagreed to; and the relt were, upon th Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by th House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b ingrossed.

LoyneRiver A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ntviga ioo. Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas F.gerton, Mr. Egerton,: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Manchester Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, to Sec. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees named and Roads.' appointed in and by the Acts of Parliament thereafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Manchester to Salter's Brook, were read: And,

Mr. James Worthington, being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed £. 2,300 upon the Credit of the said Acts, which remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further continued, and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual. Two several Acts for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of cbcjler, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton wider Line, and Parish of Mottram Longden- dale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester: And that Sir Thomas Egerton and Mr. Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Buxton Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Inclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of and County of Derby,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, possessed of 15 Acres of Land in the said Parish, who refused to sign the Bill; and also a Person possessed of One Quarter of an Acre, who was not applied to; and that the Persons con sent ing to the Bill are possessed of 833 Acres within the said Parish; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to Oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing fever: Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, Common and Waft Groundr, within the Liberties of Ockbrook, in the Count of Derby: And the same was received; and read th First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain House in Fenchurch Street and Addle Street, in the City of don, escheated to the Crown by the Death of Lieute nant General John Brown, without Heir, unto,

Montagu, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the Trusts thereii mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committe of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whol House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parifl of Kingsnorton, in the County of Worcester, was read th Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titl be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish c Kingsnorton, in the County of WorceJer.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdjwe do carry the Bill t the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing ft veral Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Mane of Folli/oot, in the County of York, be read a Secon Time upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committe* to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Lewis Lautie, was committed; That the Committee had examined tl Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had directed him to report tl Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And 1 delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, ar watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Paril of Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for removir and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, w read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Char. Whitworth, Mr. Calcrajt, &c.: And they are to me this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakci Chamber.

ia Geo. III. 130 Martii. 587

Surrey

House of

Correction

Carlton

Moor

Inclosure.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Commit-’ tee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Francis Lawson, Esquire, Clerk of the Peace for the County of

Surrey, being examined, said, That the House of Correction in the Borough of Southwark, in the said County of Surrey, is too small, unhealthy, inconvenient, and

unsafe, and was presented as such by the Grand Inquest, at the Assizes at Kingston in April 1770 (which Preferment was produced to your Committee) in consequence whereof, a Committee was appointed by the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, to inquire into the State of the said Prison; which Committee reported, That it was absolutely necessary to rebuild the same in a more convenient Situation; and the said Justices, at the last Quarter Session, agreed that a new House of Correction should be built, and the old Building fold — And he produced to your Committee the Report of the said Committee, and the Resolution of the said Justices thereupon.

He further said, That the County of Surrey are possessed of an Acre of Ground, in Saint George's Fields, called White Lyon or Hangman's over which the Owners of Lands in the said" Fields have a Right of Common for their Cattle, at certain Times of the Year, promiseuously with the other Lands, which Piece of Ground is very conveniently situated for the Purpose of erecting the said intended House of Correction; but that by Reason of the Right of Common, claimed as abovementioned, which is not of any Value to the Persons entitled thereto, the County cannot use the same for that Purpose, neither has the County ever received the least Emolument therefrom, the greatest Part of it having many Years been employed as a common Layftall or Dunghill.

Mr.....Gwil/et, a Surveyor, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence, so far as relates to the Condition of the present House of Correction; and added. That as none of the Apartments in the said Prison are separated from one another, Offenders of both Sexes, and for all Crimes, are confined together, which is productive of many Evils, and Inconveniences.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extinguish the Right of Common upon an Acre of Ground, called White Lyon or Hangman's Acre, in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Howard, and Sir Joseph Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Carl- ton Moor or Common, and an Open Field, called The Town Field, in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 33.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Moors, within the Township of Royflcn, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew Ridley. Sir George Savile, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Stuart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwithpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bullsn, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane next adjoining to the Township of Bilson, and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to

and to the further End of Britt el Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and W'trcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pasture, within the Manor of Sand ford, in the Parish of Warcop, in the County of Westmorland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pasture, within the Manor of Sand ford, in the Parish of Warcop, in the County of Westmoreland.

Ordered, That General Honywood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port Glasgow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Colonel Luttrell do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of sundry of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre which is in the County of dlesex, was referred.

Colonel Luttrell accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed the same to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Nokes, being examined, said, That the Poor within the said Parish are very numerous, and maintained at a great Expence, a considerable Part of which might be saved, and the Poor be more effectually relieved and provided for, if proper Powers were given for better

governing,

Royfloa In losure.

Ayr

Harbour.

Birmingham

through

Wedneshury,

&c.

Roads.

Sand ford , 5rc. Inclosure.

Glasgow Harboor, 5c c.

Sr. Sepulchre (Middlesex) Poor, See.

13 Mar tit. A. 17

governing, regulating, and employing the m: That the Squares, Streets, and other Passages, within the said Pari A), are not properly paved, nor sufficiently lighted, cleaned, or watched; and many of the Houses are frequently annoyed by Water for want of proper Sewers and Drains: — That if the said Parish was properly paved, watched, regulated, and freed from Annoyances, it would be a great Ease and Convenience to the Inhabitants thereof, and all Persons refarting the reto: And he added, that the Passage from Charterhouse Square to Saint John’s Street, called Charterkoufe is very nar-

row and incommodious to Passengers, inso much that at one End of it, a Person on Foot cannot pass a Carriage: — 'That the widening thereof, or widening a Part of it, and making a new Opening from thence into Saint John's Street, would be a great Advantage thereto, and to all Persons passing through the Fame.

Mr. John Yeates confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre which is in the County of Middlesex-, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and Open Padages and Places, within the same, and for removing Annoyances therefrom; and for making the Communication between Charterhouse Square and Saint John's , through Charterhouse Lane, more convenient: And that Colonel Luttrell and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

African Mr. Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the Fort* Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants

trading to Africa, was referred; That the Committee ’ had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, a State whereof they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as followeth:

By the Account delivered to this House, upon the Twenty-fourth Day of January last, and referred to your Committee, it appears that there was a Balance of j£. 2,196. 14 s.$d. unaccounted for. Then,

Richard Camplin, Esquire, Secretary to the said Committee, being examined, said, That the Money granted for the Year 1771 was^. 15,000, and the Money received was £. 14,609. is. 6 d.; and he produced the . Original Invoice Book, by which it appeared, that the Sum of £. 14,561. 13 s.9 was invested in Goods and

Stores, and sent to Africa-, and that /. 1,947. 17 J". 6 d. was the net Money received of the 2,000 granted for Cape Coaji Castle, and was included in the above Sum of £. 14,609. 8s. 6 d.the rest being paid for Fees; but that no Account as yet has been received from the Coast of Africa of the Expenditure thereof.

And the Witness produced to your Committee, the following Extracts of Letters; viz.

Extract of a Letter from David , Esquire, Governor of Cape Coaji , to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to , dated 25th August 1770.

By the Helena there came out a large Quantity of Timber, all of which was not wanted for the Repairs of this Castle; and although you directed that every Part of that Cargo should be solely applied for this Place, yet as many of the Roofs of the Out Forts were falling down, and as the Timber was lying here, growing worse daily by lying in the Air, (bme of it has been sent to the Out Fort?, and exact Accounts shall be kept of it, that when we receive more, it may be replaced: All the other Parts of the Helena'% Cargo remains here, and the Accountant is directed to keep very exact and particular Accounts of its.Expenditure.

Extract of a Letter from David Mill, Esquir vernor of Cape Coaji Castle, to the Commi the Company of Merchants trading to . dated 9th October 1770.

Part of the Bricklayers, since my coming uj have been employed about building a new Brict pital in the Town for the Sick, which is now ve completed, and which will be of the greatest Ut the Health of all your Servants refuting here.

The rest of the Bricklayers and Labourers her been, and now are, employed in pulling down 1 Wall at Greenhill Point, next the Landing PI. order to clear Room to erect the new Work, whi planned by Mr. Grofsle, and which shall be carr with all the Frugality and Assiduity I am capa and in which (as I don’t understand Building n I shall be a (lifted by Mr. Trinder. For this last F let me repeat 10 you to send out, by the First Ship, from Liverpool or Bristol, a Person to act here as ant Surveyor, and who understands*Building. Extract of a Letter from the Committee of the pany of Merchants trading to Africa, to th vernor and Council at Cape Coaji Castle; dat 19th June 1771.

You mistake our Orders, with regard to the / Cargo, when you imagine that Cargo was direct us to be set apart solely for the Repairs of Cap. Castle: To set you right in this Point, which is material one, we must refer you to our Letter 30th November 1769, by the Jamaica, Hamil which you will find the following Paragraph:

" We have added some Artificers and a Qt " of Brick and Timber, in order to repair Cap. Castle, the Sum of £. 2,000 having been grants " Year to enable us to set about that nei " Work."

And in our Letter by the Helena, dated 9th . 1770, you will find what follows:

" The Sum of £. 2,000 having been grant* " Year, expressly for the Repair of Cape Coaji " you must be very accurate in separating the Ac " of such Repairs from every other Charge whatev< By this you fee clearly, that the Account ol Repairs must begin immediately from and aft< received the Supplies by the Jamaica, Hamilton, £ which Cargo was appropriated to that Service, a as Part, not the Whole, of the Helena’s Cargo such a separate and accurate Account must be < on till the whole Repairs are finished, as the S £. 2,000 is granted again this Year for that Service Parliament will always expect a separate Accoun dered of Sums of Money so specifically applied by selves to any particular Service. And by the first veyance, fend us the Account of such Repairs, as fa goes, that we may be enabled to lay it before the 1 of Commons early in the next Sessions. The last tioned Sum of £. 2,000 we shall invest in our general Cargo by the Annual Store Ship, which wi endeavour to di(patch this Year earlier than the la the mean Time direct the Chiefs of the Out Fo order Shells to be collected to burn into Lime f Purpose of Repairs:

That it appeared to your Committee, by a F entered in the Journal of the House, upon the June 1758, that the Forts and Settlements on the of Africa, were delivered to the Committee of the pany in a very bad State by the Royal African pany.

Then the Entry in the Journals of the House,

12th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliame the Report from the Committee upon the Petition Company of Merchants trading toAfrica, vt2.s read; v by it appeared, that the Expences of the Forts, f Year 1768, exclusive of Repairs, was £. 12,314. 17 and the net Sum received from Government for that was £. 12,657. 6t. 6d. — That by an Estimate ma

C

Pole’s

Burlton, Sc c. Road.

12 Geo. III. 13a Martii. 589

Gilbert Petrie, Esquire, Governor of Cape Coajl that over and above the £. 2,000 granted for repairing Gape Coajl Castle, in the Year 1769, the Materials for repairing the Castle would cost £*2,797. «;r. and that £. 1,$00 would be necessary to be laid out in Slaves and Salaries to Engineers, Carpenters, and Masons, amounting in the Whole to the further Sum of ,£.4,297. $s.

And Mr. Complin further laid, That towards the said last mentioned Sum of £.4,297. 5*. there was granted

last Sessions - - £. 2,000 ——

Fees paid - 52 2 6

---------1,947 l^ 6

And that there remains to 1

be granted of the Sum >2,409 6 8

efli mated - - - -J

Fees to be paid thereout - 59 19 2

--------->349 7 6

£.4,197 5 o

And Mr. Complin said, That out of the Sum of £. 2,000 granted last Sessions, a Cargo is gone out to Cape Coajl Castle, for the Purchase of Twenty-five Slaves, intended to be set to work on the Repairs of Cape Coajl Cajlie; and that another Cargo is intended to be sent out for the Purpose of purchasing the same Number this Year, if Parliament think proper to grant the above Sum of £. 2,409. 6 s.

Ordered, That. the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rajhleighreported from the Committee, to whom

"the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Reginald Pole, Esquire, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Carew, pursuant to the Will of Sir Coventry Carezv, Baronet, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rajhleigh do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Congreve reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants, and Land Owners, of, and contiguous to, the Village or Towns of Bullion, Mar ton, Ryton, Shot tat ton, Knockin, and Llanymynech, in the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Baylies, being examined, said, That the Road from Burl:on to Marton, and by Mear Bank and Boreal-ton, through Ryton and Shot, to the Turnpike Road between Shretvsbury and Oswestry, and from thence through Knockin, by and through to that

Part of the Turnpike Road, from Pool to which lies in the Town of Llanymynech, in the County of Salop, is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be properly

amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Heaton, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, widening, and keeping In Repair, the Road from Bur It on, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County: And that Mr.

Vol. 33.

Congreve, Sir Henry Bridgman, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common- 90rn\ alty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, old was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn and other Provisions, which, as the Petitioners apprehend, might be remedied in some Degree, if the Importation of Corn and Flour from America was permitted, for a limited Time, Duty-free:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purpose, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Baldwyn reported from the Committee, to whom Severn

the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Towinj and Manufacttlrers, residing at Bridgnorth, Brofeley, a Madeley, and Coalhrookdale, in the Count of Salop, and also of the Owners of Barges and Vessels navigated upon the River Severn, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Jones, an Owner of Vessels navigating on the said River, being examined, laid. That the Navigation between Bewdley Bridge, and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, in the County c-f Salop, is much

impeded for want of a Towing Path sufficiently broad for the Use of Horses along the Sides of the said River, between the Places aforesaid.

That the present Method of Towing Vessels is with Men, who frequently refuse; and when all the Vessels are employed, there is a great Want of such Men, which hath frequently cauled Delays and Inconveniences: That all Vessels (of which there are between Four and Five hundred employed in the Goal Trade) may navigate between the said Limits at all Times; and by haling of Vessels with Horses, inllead of Men, it would save near Half the present Expence, as it requires Thirty Men to a loaded Vessel, which might be done with.

Three Horses, and be more certain, and less detrimental to the Land Owners, as Men frequently trespals on the Lands, by which the Farmers suffer.

Mr. John White informed the Committee, That he

believes Three-fourths of the Owners of Lands are consenting to the present Application.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses, on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge, and a Place called Meadow Wharf, at Coalhrookdale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for making Compensation to the Owners of Lands, for as much Ground as may be necessary for that Purpose: And that Mr. Baldwyn, the Lord Pigot, Major Whitmore, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Plymouth Act to explain and amend an Act, pafl'cd in the Tenth Pavin8* Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, light- Stc' ing, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Woolley for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, with-

7 L ia

590 130 Martiu . 177

in the Manor and Parish of, in the County of

Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also, OrmfiAe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great , in the

Parish of Ormfide, in the County of Westmorland; without any Amendment: And also,

Scaftworth The Lords have" agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Jndoiare. ^£1 for dividing and inclosing the Commons, ant^Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Township of , in

the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

Ifelin’* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nat* for naturalizing John Luke Ifelin; without any Amendment: And also,

Foxley The I^ords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

Charity, for establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley Charity, in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Katharine Leveson; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Offices and ' Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Employments wi10 are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and also to indemnify Justices of the Peace, ’who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

1&cny* Sir Charles Whit worth jarefented to the House, accord-(America.) *nS *° Order, a Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1772, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. fr

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Horses exported fr England, together with the Amount of the Duty on 1 fame, from the 5th of January 1750 to the 5th of fa ary 1772; distinguishing each Year, and the Ports fr whence the same have been exported; which is as far the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tat to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the otl Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions, whi( upon the 8th Day of April 1767, were reported from t Committee, who were appointed to consider of the La relating to Badgers, Engroffers, Forestallers, and Regn ors; and to report their Opinion to the House, which the same were fit to be continued, amended, or repeal* and were then agreed to by the House; might be rear

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, r< accordingly; and are as followed); viz.

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committ " That the several Laws relat: ;g to Badgers, Engrolft " Forestallers, and Regr.’.tors, by preventing the Cir< " lation of, and free Trade in, Corn, and other Provisio " have been the Means of railing the Price thereof " many Parts of thL Kingdom."

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committ " That the House be moved, for Leave to bring r " Bill to remedy the Evils occasioned by the " Laws."

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be giv to bring in a Bill for remedying the Evils occasion by the Laws now in being, relating to Badgers, E groffers, Forestallers, and Regrators: And that \ Alderman Harley, Mr. Morton, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Mr. Burke, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Gilbert, Sir George Savi Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Dundi Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, and Mr. Hujfey, do prepare, at bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish ai Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have piaffed a Bill, intituled, An Act dissolve the Marriage of Ambrose Godfrey Hanckwitz, wi Dorothy Ashcroft, his now Wife; and to enable him

marry again; and for other Purposes therein me tioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Hoi to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, consider further of the ingossed Bill from the Lor< intituled, An Act for the better regulating the futij Marriages of the Royal Family;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Meffa be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, a pointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, to what Proceedings are therein, with relation to a B lately sent by the Lords to this House, intituled, An A for die better regulating the future Marriages of t Royal Family, and to make Report thereof to this Hou be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved ittelf into the said Coi mittee.

ft

12 Geo. III. 13" — 16° Martii. $91

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ellis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, That they

had made a further Prdgress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, Vefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the Holife adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Martii;

Anno 1 2* Georgii TlItM Regis, 177*.

Prayers.

Aldennalton, A N ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several &c. ‘ Roads from Alderm, in the County of Berks,

Road*. to Bafngfioke, and to the Turnpike Road from

Jloke to Andover, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester, at Popkam , in the County of Southamp-

ton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads

from Aldermaflon, in the County of Berks, to and from Aldermaflon aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road from Bafngstoke to 'Andover, at or near Worting, and to

the Turnpike Road leading to at

Lane, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Congreve do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire theit Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Lautier.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom Macartney's . the Bill for making the Exemplification of the last Will Wl11-and Testament of James Macartney, Esquire, deceased.

Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerkk$ Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be irigrolTed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Shrewsbury the Bill to amend an Act of the Sixth-Year of the Reign Bridge, of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury; and for appropriating Part of the Tolls collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finishing the fame; and for granting additional Terms to the several Acts for repairing the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Spurn A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Light houses. the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Petition of John and Setting forth. That

the several Matters therein contained are misrepresented} and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the erecting the Lighthouses near the Spurn Point should be entrusted to the said John Angell, the same would be neglected, and the good Purposes of the Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for taking down and rebuilding the said Lighthouses, defeated: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselvesor their Gounfel, before the Committee to whom the Petition of the said John Angell is referred; and that the House will give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corisideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Angell, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Laneham A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, n olure' Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Laneham, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Willoughby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Lewis Lautier, was read the Third Time. '

Vol. 33-

Ordered, That the Lord Folkestone be added to the Badgers, Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Engroflerj. a Bill for remedying the Evils occasioned by the Laws &c* now in being, relating to Badgers, Engrossers, Fore-stallers, and Regrators.

Mr. Congreve prefehted lo the House, according to Burlton Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in *-oad* Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Francis Vincent prefehted to the House, according Surrey: to Order, a Bill to extinguish the Right of Common Q^^on. upon an Acre of Ground called White Lion, or Hangman's Acre, in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey: - And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr- Southwell presented to the House, according to Eastleach Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Downs, and Commonable Lands, u e* within the Manor and Parish of Tourville, in

the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be jead a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Kemertou mon Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish Inclosure. of Kemerton, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. South-well, Mr. Barrow, &c.: And' they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An

16" Martii.

fiefcitleigh

to

Hungerford, Sc c. Road.

Beffelfleigh,

through

Wantage,

*c.

Road.

Manchester,

See.

Roads.

Colleton’s

Divorce.

Skinn’s

Divorce.

Buxton,

See.

Inclosure.

FeTony:

Arraignment.

59*

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from Bejfel-sleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to

ferd, otherwise Sovfly Water, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from Bejfeljleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to otherwise Soujly Water, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Penruddock presented to the-House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborouin the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red Hotfe upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of Berks: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tinie.

Sir Thomas Egerton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual. Two several Acts for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difl’olve the Marriage of Sir John Colleton, Baronet, with Ann Fullford, his now Wife j and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Scvennight, the 24th Day of this Instant March, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inftfriftion to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Skinn with Ann Skinn his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of Bakewel and County of Derby,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the more effectual Proceeding against Persons {landing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy, was read a Second Time.

A. 1772.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant March, rc-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Follifoot, in the County of York, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The feid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Lascelles, &c.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of in

the County of Leicester: And the feme was received -, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 28th Day of February last, " That Leave be given " to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers " of Two Acts, of the 25th and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads " leading from the Towns of Frame and Warminster, " and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties " of Somerset and Wilts -, and for repairing and widening " several other Roads therein described, in the said " Counties," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Town of Frame, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Chailes Kemys Tynte presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Epwell, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Epwell, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord Wenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Carlton Moor or Common, and an Open Field called The Town Field, in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

3 Resolved,

12 Geo. III. i 6°Martii. 503

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor called Carlton Moor or Common, and an Open Field, called The Town Field, in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Pari lb of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mutiny, A Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for America. pUnjfl, ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lanark An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, Ac. Roads leading through the County of Lanarkand for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called the Howford, in the said County} was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roods leading through the County of and for build-

- ing a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called the Howford, in the said County.

Ordered, That Captain Lockhart Ross do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Maidenhead A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Thames, Bridge. near tjjC Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fan-Jit tart, Mr. Ambler, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ^t Five of tilt Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Queen^ General Grame reported from the Committee, to CRoad C* the Bill to continue and render more effectual

an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from, the Queen's Ferry through the Towns of and

Kinross to the Town of Perth-, and also the Road from the said Queens Ferry, to the Towrts of Dumfermline; Torryburn, and Culrofs; and also the Road from the said Queen's Fer.ry, through to Bruntisland,

and Kircaldie, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questton severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sigle*- Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, accord-,th?2e ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several " ° Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Sigleflhome, in , in the East Riding of

the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Toynton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure.' Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish, Lord-

VOL. 33. '

ship, or Liberties, of Low Toynton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish, Lordship, or Liberties of Low Toynton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sltjohn Wrottesley reported from the Committee to WoIwh whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Trade(- tan men. Freeholders, (Ac. of the Town of Wolverhampton, Roads, in the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition , and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 21st Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Sutton Coldfield Common, to the Town of Walsall, and from SneaPs Green to and from Walsall to Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Wolverhampton and Walsall-, and from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, and from Compton to the End of the County of Stafford; and from Wolverhampton to the Wergs, and from thence to Shiffnall, and from the Wergs to Hales Heath and from Wolverhampton to

Cannock Wood, in the Road to Lichfield, was read:

And,

Mr. . Horton, being examined, with respect to the Second District of Roads mentioned in the Act, called The Wolverhampton DifiriR,said, That they are

Hill in very bad Repair, though the Tolls taken thereon; and the Sum of £. 1,000, which was borrowed on the Credit thereof, and is still owing, have been duly applied in amending the same — That, in order effectually to repair the most material Parts of the said Roads, the Trustees are desirous of being discharged from the Care of certain Branches thereof, making a proportionable Reduction in the Tolls they now take; but that the same cannot be done, or the Money owing on the Credit of the Trust be repaid, unless some further Powers are granted, and the Terfn of the said Act, so far as relates to the said District of Roads, is further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and vary the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton District of Roads: And that Sir and Sir William Bagot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Ure, Ure frotn Great Oufebourn, to Aldwork, in the County of Bridge. York, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Chlmley, Mr. Lascelles, he.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for completing a Building intended for a new Richmond Church, or Chapel, at Richmond, near Everton, in the (th 1

County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Meredith, Mr. Hot ham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

7 M Resolved,

Standing Orders. (Judgment of the House,)

African Forts, dec.

Cettingham, c. -Road*

594

Resolved, Nemine contradiceuteThat, when any Person shall from henceforth be brought to the Bar of this House, to receive any Judgment of this House, or to be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or from any Imprisonment inflicted by Order of the House, such Person shall receive such Judgment, or the Order of the House, for his Discharge, (landing at the Bar, unless it shall be otherwise directed in the Order of the House made for that Purpose.

Ordered That the said Resolution be made a Standing Order of the House.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N® i. Extrad of a Letter from Captain. Fielding, of the Rainbow, to Philip Stephens, Esquire, dated in Cape Coajl Road, the 12th April 1771: And allb,

N° 2. State and Condition of Fort> taken

12th April 1771: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of- Commenda taken 10th April 1771: And also, .

N° 4. StateandCondition qC Aunamaboe Fort, taken 14th April 1771: And also,

, N° 5. St^te and Condiiion of Apolonia Fort, taken April 1771; And also, 1

N° 6. State and Condition of Gape Coajl Cq/iie, taken April 1771: And also,

N° 7. State.and Condition of Dixtove , Fort: And also, >

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Captain Young, of the fVeazle, to Philip Stephens, Esquire* dated at Spirhead, 7th July 1771: And also, .

N° 9. State and Condition of Fort, taken

April 1771: And also, j

N° 10. State and Condition of,

taken 17th April 1771: And also,

N° 11. State and Condition of Accra Fort, taken 18th April 1771.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Beverley, in the County of and of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That all the Coals uled within the said Town, as also all other heavy Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, for the Use of the said Town, and other neighbouring Places, are brought, by Water Carriage, up the River Hull, by Means of a Navigable Greek, or Cut, called Beverley Beck, for which the Petitioners are entitled to certain Tolls and Duties, in Consideration of their making and maintaining the said Navigable Creak on Beck; and that the Petitioners observe* by the Votes, that Leave has been given.to bring in a Bill for repairing certain Rogds thqreia mentioned, and also for building a Bridge across the said River Hull, at or near a Place called New land Clow, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the said County; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should pass into a Law, as now intended, the Trade and Commerce thereby carried on to the Town of Bmuft, by Means of erecting such Bridge, be unavoidably obstructed and delayed, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, as well with respect of the said Tolls and Duties, as to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town in general: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of

177'

the said Bill as they apprehend so materially affects the Interest as aforesaid; and that the House will grai them such Relief in the Premises as the Merits of the same may require, and the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tl Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill ft widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Uoa from the West End of Newland Clo,w Lane, in the Pari! of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County < York, unto or near Newland Clow, on the West Side < the River Hull-, and from the opposite Bank of the fai River, to the South East Corner of the Church-yai Wall in Sutton in Hoiderness, and from thence to or nei

Salt's Gate, adjoining to the Turnpike Road betwee Kingston upon #«//,.and Hedon in aforesaid

and from the said South East Corner of Sutton Churcl yard Wall, unto and through Low Gate Street, an from thence to the Toll Bar near the Two Mile Stor on the said Turnpike Road between Kingston upon Hu and Hedon aforesaid; and also, for building a Bridg across the River Hull, at or near Newland Clow afor< said, is committed.; and that-the"'Petitioners be heare by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committe< upon their Petition, if they think fit*

Ordered, That it, be:an Inftrtiction to the said Committee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard at th feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the fai< Petition. /: / ! 1

The Order of the Day> being read, for the House t< resolve itself into a.GodJnluttee of the whole House, t< consider of the Report which was madcirorn the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of fomucl of An Act, made in the 7th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend* and reduc into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now ii being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a relates to the Breadth of the Wheels of Carriages use< upon Turnpike Roads, >nd to the Number of Horse allowed to be used therewith; and to report thei Opinion thereupon to the House;

Resolved, That -this. House willy upon Thursday Seven night, the a6thj)ayof this Instapt resolve itfel

into th.e said Coqjtnitfoe.: v (

C '1 '*'*; . ] ': Tire Order of the Day. being read* For the House t iefojvp. itself into a. GorpmiUeq Of the whole House, t consider further of Ways and Means for railing th Supply granted to His Majesty,

Refokved, That this (Joule will, upon fVednesday Mom ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Houli to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of th whole House, to consider further of the ingrafted Bil from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Re gulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

Mr, Speaker left -the Gluir,

Mr. Ellis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, That the had made a Justher Progress yn the Bill; and that h was directed by the Committee to move, that they ma have Leave to fit agflin.

And it being then Half an Hour after One of tl Clock on Tuesday Morning \

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrowMorninj

resolv

16" Martii.

12 Geo. III. 16° — 18" Martii. 595

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurti, 18° Martii,

Anno i2° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Oekbroole A BILL so% dividing and inclosing several Open Incieiiite. ±\. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Grounds, Within the Liberties of in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Welton 1 S'r George Savile presented to the House, according

lodofure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Welion, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

son appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered-the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Ciefk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That if any Person shall think liimlelf aggrieved as to the Expence, he may appeal.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for imbankinjg, draining, and preserving, cer- Ramsey, tain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of &c-Ramsey, in the County, of Huntingdon, and in the Pa- ®r*ina8e* rishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, an,d. Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Bridge,- by

a Drain called Fcrmuyden's, or "The Drain,' to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, was read a Second Time, ., v

Resolved, That the Bill. be committed to Sit Sampson Gideon, Mr. Fellowts, tec: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Burl ton. Sec. Road.

Poliington,

Sec.

Iudofure.

Notice being taken, That the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through to Llatiymynech,

in the same County, which was presented to the House Upon Monday last, and then read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, contains Provisions not authorized by the Order for preparing and bringing in the fame, nor included in the Petition of the Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants, and Land Owners, of, and contiguous to, the Village or Towns of Burlton, Marton, Ryton, Shottatton, Knockin, and L/anymyneck,

in the County of Salop, which Was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of February last;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, Ibat the said Bill be withdrawn.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

Ordered, That I^ave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Sir George Savilereported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open, Common, Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Poliington, Bain, Whitley, and Whitley Thorpe, Great Heck, and Little Heck, in the Parishes of Snaith, and Kellington, in the County of was committed; That the Comrriittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ‘and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Right honourable the Earl of an Infant,

whole Ellate in the Fields intended to be inclosed is rated at £ 3 per Annum; and also except several other Persons, feme of whom could not be found; and the others, being applied to, said they would not interfere, and whose Estates in the Fields intended to be inclosed, are rated at £. 47. 3 P£r Annum; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed is rated at the 4-nnltal Value of ^.'2,782. ns. , and that no Per-

Vol. 33.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act,’ Whittlesey, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act ^>u‘B*Se‘ for the more effectual draining, and preserving -of feve-» ral Fen Lands, and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the? Ife of in the County> of Cambridge, so far as the same relate^ tq the several Fen and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fqort]i,-aniI Fifth Districts, described in the said Act, was- read a, Se>-cond Time. ':

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sampson Gideon, Mr. Fellmves, tees:. And they. arcyt© meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Exemplification of Macartney’s

the last W7ill and Testament of James Macartney Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of I_aw and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of James Esquire, de-

ceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Trecothick reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual assessing and collecting of the Rates for Relief of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopgate, in the Liberties of the City of London, was committed; That the Corti-mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; anil found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amrtid-ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One

Will,

Bishopgate

(London)

Poor.

596 18" Martii. A. ljj'.

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put the same Time; in Favour of the said former Petitic thereupon, were agreed to by the House. against the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest

° concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing ti

Voicei: Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Open, Common, Arable Fields, and the Common Me

wPk0rnr Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter, War- dows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Watte Grouac laghthoafes. dens> ancj Assistants, of the Corporation of the Trinity within the Townships of Pollingtou, Whitley, ai

House of Deptford Strond, is-referred. Whitley Great Heck, and Little Heck, in t

Parish of Snaith and in the County of Yor

Foxley An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act which Bill was this Day reported from the Committi Charity. far establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley to whom the same had been committed;

Charity, in the County of Northampton, founded by The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, a Lady Katharine Leveson, was read a Second Time. quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been i

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ky formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Co ton, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, th Afternoon, at Five, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s the House may do therein as they shall think fit. Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A Shrewsbury An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act of the Sixth Year to dissolve the Marriage of Ambrose Godfrey Bridge. of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and with Dorothy Ashcroft, his now Wife; and to enafc widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury; him to marry again; and for other Purposes there and for appropriating Part of the Tolls, collected upon mentioned; was read a Second Time, certain Rcxids leading to the said Bridge, towards finish- Resolved, That the Bill be committed, ing the same; and for granting additional Terms to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committ several Acts for repairing the said Roads; was read the of the whole House.

Third Time. Resolved, That this House will, upon To-mom

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant March, refod be, An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon t Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- said Bill.

ing the Stone Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury; and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said C01 for appropriating Part of the Tolls, collected upon cer- mittee. That they do hear Counsel, and examine W. tain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finishing nesses, for the said Bill; and also thats they do he the fame; and for granting additional Terms to the Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bi several Acts for repairing the said Roads. if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Cou.

Ordered, That the Lord Clive do carry the Bill to the fel, or produceWitnesses.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ambler presented to the House, according 1 n»3me« A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Order, a Bill to enable Their Majesties to enfranchisfeataWK. thereunder written, some of them Owners and Occu- Copyhold Estates, holden of the Manor of i

piers of Houses, Wharfs, and Lands, in the Street the County of Surrey: And the same was received; an called The Bank Side, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, read the First Time.

Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and others of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, them Lightermen, navigating Barges, Lighters, and other

VefleU, on the River Thames, was presented to the That the Order made upon Wednesday lai

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners for receiving. Tomorrow Morning, the Report from tl observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been pre- Committee, to whom the Bill to restrain the Lord fented to embank the said Street, on the South Side the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, for tl of the Thames, from the Falcon to the Bank End, and Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, at for other Purposes; and that, if a Bill should pals into Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the fa a Law, as prayed for in the said Petition, the Petitioners Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in ea will be greatly injured; and that the River Thames, at Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to authori the said Street called The Bank Side, is much narrower the Lord of the said Manor, for the Time being, than at any other Part; and by reason of the Embank- cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, Annually, up ments already made on the North Shore of the said such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mention: River, the Current on the South Side is become very was committed, be now read, rapid, and the Floods much increased; and should the And the said Order being read accordingly;

said River be further contrafted, by an Embankment Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

on that Side, the Rapidity of the Current will be fb Ordered, That the said Report be received up increased, that the Navigation will thereby receive fur- Tomorrow Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Insta ther Damage, and be rendered dangerous: And there- March. fore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by

themselves or Counsel, against the Matter of the said Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according Petition; or th^t the House will grant them such Re- Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Read fro lief in the Preruifes, as the Nature of their same may the Warwick Road near Solihull, to the Guide Posts require, and the House shall think fit. Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the afoi

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Road on Balfall Common, in the County of Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition wick: And the same was received; and read the Fi of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Wharfs, and Time.

Lands, in the Street called The Bank Side, in the Parish Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey,

is nafcrred; and that the Petitioner be heard, by them- A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of T< ielves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Ki their Petition, if they think fit. George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of t

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Reign of King George the Second, for repairing t mittee. That they do admit Coufifel to be heard, at several Roads leading'ftom Birmingham, through t 8 ‘ To

﻿12 GEQvIII. rS° Martih

Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bulletin and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Lane next adjoining to the Township of and

from Great Bridge, through to Kingswiuford, and

to the further -End of Britt el Lane, in the Counties of

Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -with, Mr. Gilbert, &c. :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Corporation*. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Admission of Freemen into Corporations.

Coven ham Sir Char lei Bunbury reported from the Committee, to

Jadofutc. tyhorn th£ Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field?, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures and Grounds," within the Parish of Jiam, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,’and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments werd Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tiort severall/ put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Jtamfgate Mr. Alderman Trecothick reported from the Com-

Harbow. mitteo, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto fubforibed, being Trustees appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in t he Twenty- ’ second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled.

An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for clearifing, amending, and preserving, ^he Haven of Sanehbich, was referred; That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foilow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that all Foreign Ships are* made liable to the same Rates as Ships cleared out or entered in any of the B Ports: And, Mr. John Scott,- Secretary to the said Trustees, said, That the Works have been begun, and carried on, and great Progress made towards completing the said Harbour, which, when finished, will be very useful and commodious, and be of public Utility; in which Works Upwards of £. 120,000 has been expended.

Then another Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Powers granted by the said Act of the 2ad of his late Majesty, was read; whereby it appeared, That the several Sums of Money raised by Annuities, in respect whereof Annuities were then charged upon the said Rates and Duties, amounted to the Sum of £.46,999. 5 4 which; by

the said Act, was increased to^". 70,000: And,

Mr. Scutti nformed your Committee, That the Annual Amount of the Annuities now payable to the Annuitants now existing, is-£. 4,482 10 j.: And,

John Barker, Esquire, one of the Trustees, being asked, how much Money had been borrowed in pur-iuance of the last mentioned Act ? he laid, between Eleven and Twelve Thousand Pounds only, the Trustees ' Vol. 33.

not thinking it eligible to borrow any more, the Security not being so good as if the Act, applied for in the Year 1769, had passed.

Then Mr. Scott, being again examined, said, That from the first collecting of the Rates imposed by the first-mentioned Act, all Ships, as well Foreign as passing on the Outside the Goodwin Sands, have paid the Duties till within thele few Years, it having been determined at the Aflizesat Bodmin, in May 1769,'" That " Shipping failing between the Goodwin Sands and the " Coast of France, are not within the Preamble or " Letter of the Act, or within the actual Benefit of it;" in consequence of which Determination the Payment of the Dunes, which were never refuted before, are now greatly evaded, rendered precarious, and in Danger of being loft.

And he produced to your Committee an Account of Receipts and Disbursements of the said Trustees, from Midsummer 176110 Midsummer 1771, which is hereunto annexed.

And Mr. Evans, Deputy Secretary to the Trustees,

said. That, according to his Calculation, the Duties paid by Foreign Ships in 1760, at Three pence a Ton, amounted to £.850; and in 1771, at Sixpence, about £. 700.

Thomas Nuthall, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Scott; and added, That the Rates have been raised from Three Pence Three Farthings to Sixpence a Ton, which is the whole Duty allowed by the Act, and is so great a Burthen, that Ships which used to pay the Three Pence Three Farthings, refuse to pay the Sixpence, pretending the y come round the Goodwin, and therefore not liable to the Rate; by which Means the Revenue falls considerably short of what was intended.

Mr. Stephen Reed, a Filot, being examined , as' to the Utility of the Harbour, said. That a great many Ships, Foreign as well as English, from Three hundred Tons downwards, some drawing Thirteen Feet Water, have been brought into Ramsgate in Distress, many of which have been alhore upon the Goodwin Sands; and one of which, a Ship belonging to Hamburgh,'Of One hundred and-Fifty Tons Burthen, the Witness said he saw bn‘ Shore there, and went on Board; that all her Crew’ had left her, and he brought her into Ramsgate, when after having’ been -repaired, was taken away by the Owners. — He likewise informed your Committee of a Dnntzick Ship, of Four hundred Tons, in Ditfr<*fs, which had passed’ the Back of the Goodwin, the Master whereof wanted to go into Dover Piet; but being'informed there was not Water enough, was obliged to> come into Ramsgate,-where she got'bbw Rigging and

Sails', was fitted oof, and failed again without taking out any Part of her Cargo.

Then lie-produced a Plan of fhoHaibour, which he explained to your Committee; and said, That at the-Pier Heads, at low Water, there is Four or Five Feet Water, and within the Pier Heads from Ten to Fourteen and Fifteen Feet at High Water; and that the Harbour is capable of being made deeper. Then,

Mr. Thomas Preston, a Mason, being examined, said. That the Works remaining to be done for completing the said Harbour will amount to between Fifteen and Twenty Thousand Pounds.

And Mr. Evans produced several Letters from thfc Collectors of the Out Ports to the Secretary, which were read; Whereby it appeared,- that several Matters of Ships havie refused paying the Ramsgate Duty, alledging, that they did not go through the Downs, therefore were not compellable to pay: And,

John Barker, Esquire, being again examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence, with respect'to the Evasion of the Duty, the Utility of the Harbour, and the Decline of* the Income of the Sixpence Duty, in proportion to that of Three Pence; and added, That unless the Duties are put under some more certain Regulation* the Harbour must go to Dellrudion.

7 N 'An

Supply.

Brearton

lnrlciarr.

18° Martii. A. 1772.

Aii ACCOUNT of Receipts and Disbursements by the Trustees for

ate Harbour.

Yean end. ing MM-

Jammer,

1761

1762 *7 63

1764

»765

1766

*767

1768

1769

1770

1771

RECEIPTS.

f Amount of the Do* Raised by Sale of

lies on Shipping. Annuities.

5,025 10 4$ 7*936 13 4

4,760 6 11 3,783 6 8

6,144 0 8f -

6,250 0 0 3,440 0 0

5*630 3 1,197 0 2

6,224 1 9* 4,700 0 0

6,371 i* Si 8,992 0 0

6,395 16 10$ 8,590 0 0

8,183 14 6i 3,900 0 0

10,300 10 0 -

10,140 5 6

4W

DISBURSEMENTS.

f To Aoonitaat*. For building the Harbour. Sandwich Ha* ?en, £.200 Salaries to Officers* Rent, Incidents* tfe, ~ A Charges of collecting the Duties*

3,002 18 4 10,561 7 0 613 3 5 333 6 6*

3*487 10 6 4,678 8 6 602 4 3 302 6 3*

3*45* 10 0 2,199 1 8 612 6 8 398 H 61

3»294 5 10 2,509 16 9 623 9 2 405 0 8

3*4*4 18 4 5»3°9 15 9 608 2 6 357 1 0

3»546 3 4 6,114 11 2 601 S 2 414 4 7 *

3*935 10 10 9,676 13 3 647 *5 3 427 4 5

4*47 0 5 9*57* *7 ro 621 3 4 437 0 n

4>723 *7 6 6,976 6 6 605 5 584 0 H

4,658 10 0 9*5 9 5 5*3 6 8 678 10 6

4,596 9 6,271 7 XI 624 3 667 3 4

N. B. The Officers Salaries at Ramsgate are included in the Sums for building the Harbour.

The Duties were collected at 3 d.per Ton till Midfitmmer 1768, and then raised to till 1769,

at which Time 6 d. per Ton was laid on.

In 1765 an Act passed to enable the Trustees to borrow £. 20,000 more on Annuities.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bil} tp explain and amend an Act* made in the Twenty-fecqnd Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Rafnfgqte-, and for stealnfing, amending, and preserving, the Hav^h of wich: And that Mr. Alderman Trecothick and I\lr. Anthony Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hobfe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charler Whitworth took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted tp His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Kir. Pechel:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors or Commons called PJgg Moor and Brearton Moor, within the

Manor- of Brearton, in the Parish of Knaresborough, in the County of York without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Liberties of Soulbury, with the Hamlet of in the County of Bucks; without any Amendment: And also, »

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 1 for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Handborough, in the county of ;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Denfhanger, in the Pari 11) of PaJJenham, in the County of Northamptonj without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Failures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, of and within the Manor of Little Kington brooktand Brookehampton, in the County of

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, to enable the Right honourable John Earl of Sandwich, and the Honourable John Mcommonly called Lord Viscount Hiuchingbrooke, and the Survivor of them,

to grant Leases of the Countels of Sandwich’s Moiety qi Estates, in the Counties of Armagh and Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bil

12 Geo. III. 18° — 20° 599

rardi-bigg A Bill for dividing and inclosing such Part of the iBdosure. Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of

as lies in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Dowdef-iwell, Mr. Ward, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Watford Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to rhurrhyard. Order, a Bill to enlarge the Cemetery or Churchyard andloor. q£ the Parish of Watford ',in the county of ;

and to make an additional Building to the present Work-house, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish j and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mutiny, Ordered, That the Order r*f the Day, for the House &c._ to relblve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, America, upon the Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in Amer, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Danftable A Bill to continue and render more effectual, several "d. Acts for repairing the Highways between Dutiable and ^KoadT* Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of the White Horftto the Sign of the in

Hockliffe aforesaid; and also for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horses to the Bull Inn, in Dm-stable aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. OugUy,. Mr. Seymour, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the nth Day Lewis’s of this Instant March, for the House to resolve itself into D,rorce' a Committee of the whole House, upon the 19th Day of the same Month, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Hugh Lewis with Susannah Hale, otherwise Heale, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry' again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Wednesday the R*cl1on<*

1 ith Day of this Instant March, for the House to re- n folvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the 19th Day of the same Month, upon the Bill for building a Bridge across the River fhomes, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex', and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond aforesaid to William Windham, Esquire, in Fee Simple, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, Draper's for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Dltorc<‘ whole House, upon that Day Sevennight, upon the jo-grofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Draper with Elizabeth Hartnell his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Older be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have leave to lit, not- Committees, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty';

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Tire other Order of the Day being read;

M-r Tire House resolved itself into a Committee of the.

Roy^F^ily. whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed BHl from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ellis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

And it being then Half an Hour after Two of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills

Vol. 33.

Vinert's^ 20* die Martii;

Anno ii* Georgii III*" Regis, 1771.

Pr ayuj.

THE House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from Horfw, the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door {-he was called in; and, at the Bar; presented to the House, plarfuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Horses exported from Scotland, together with the Amount of the Duty on the fame, from the 5th Jarinary 1750 to the 5th January 1772; distingmlhing each Year, and the Ports from whence the lamchave been exported.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of tlfe said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pc ruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this-dession.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable the Right honourable John Earl of Sand- Sandwich's

wich,

6oo

io° Ma

4- 17 7

Sea Water. (ScowJ

Throckmorton

Inclosure.

Blocklcy

Inclol'ure.

.. "i

wiV^, and the Honourable^//); Montagu, commonly called Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, and the Survivor of them, to grant Leases of the Countess of Sandwich's Moiety of Estates, in the Counties of Armagh and in the

Kingdom of Ireland, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Daniil Scott, of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That George , of Knight sbridge, in the said County, did, on the 16th Day of February 1769, obtain His Majesty’s Letters Patent for inventing, and bringing to Perfection a Boiler, Pot, or Otenfil, for the more convenient dressing of Ships Provisions with Sea Water, or any Kind of Water, for makingSea Water fresh, for purifying and making sweet any Kind of Water, and for the more expeditious Method of boiling any Kind of Provisions; and that the said George Scott, for a valuable Consideration, did afterwards assign his Interest in the said Letters Patent to the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner has observed in the Votes, that a Petition has been presented by Charles Irving, whereby he claims the Discovery of a plain and practicable Method of making Sea Water fresh, and fit for drinking, by Distillation, and prays a public Reward: for such Discovery; and that the Petitioner is apprehen-five, that the Claim of the said Charles Irving will be of Detriment to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Merits of his same into their Consideration, and that he may be heard, by himself or Coun-fel, against such Parts of the said Petition as may affect the Petitioner’s Interest.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles Irving, one of the Surgeons of His Majesty’s Royal Navy, is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee,- upon his Petition* if he thinks fit. ‘

Ordered, That’it be an Instruction to the said'Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Mr.- Dowdejviell. reportecL. from the Committee; to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and alb other Commonable Lands, within the Precincts of the Hamlet of Throckmorton, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Cunfent, to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee*; and-that the Committee had gorte through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed Him -tp report- to-the'-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments^ at. t^ie Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And iW House- being irifonged that dome' other' Amendments are rteceflary to-be made to the said Bill Resolved, That itbe-(aid ' Bill.be Te^committed/

Refofoedi-'thut the said Bill bd ^committed to the-Committee to whom the finite wks odminitted.^- ' r.r.

V-" 1 ‘ .: ‘f;. \ *ji{j *1 >- ?^jt.

7 The House was moved, That the petkionbf the Right: Reverend-^!tf«rt‘ Lord Bitlvopibf Worcester, \jx<h of rhe* Manor of Blockley, in tfce^sonty and Pa--

tron of the Vicarage of Blockley, of the;R.ighit bonohrable Sir John Rufhout, Barorrecv Lessee a of the 'Glebe Lands

and Great Tithes of Blockley, and a principal Proprietor of Estates in -the said.Parish, and of John Pott, Efcjuire, J thiniutt-lVitkes, Eduard Collier, Proprietors lofi Estates in the said Parish, which was presented to the-Hoific upon the 28th Day of February last, and then ordered to upon the Table, might beagain read. i r:

And theikae being.tcaditiccordingly:> . ..j -

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ] suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And Mr. Dowdeswell and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring the fame.

A' Bill to continue, and render more effectual, 1 several Acts for repairing the Roads leading from Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, throi the Town of AJliton under Line, and Parish of Moth Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in County Palatine of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho Egerton, Mr. Egerton,&c.: And they are so meet 1 Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speak Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Maje. for repairing and widening, several Roads leading through, and from, the Town of in the Coui

of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties Somerset and Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Kemys Tyvte, Mr. Brudenell, &c.: And they are to m tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speakt Chamber. , . .:

A Bill to extinguish the Right of Common upon Acre of Ground, called White Lyon, or Hangman's Ac in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey, w read a Second Time. , -

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran Vincent, Mr! Onslow, &c.: And they are to meet tl Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speak*

Chamber.

...» *

A Bill to explain and amend ap Act of the Eleven Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amendii and widening the Road from through Wat.

age, to , Hunge>ford, in the County of Berks, and fro

Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; at from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallin /or//;'through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House up< Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lamb man, in tl

said County of Berks-, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pe ruddock, Mr. Brudenell, &c.: And they are to meet tl Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakei Chamber.

Mr. Charles Townfkend reported from the Commits to whom the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairin maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making mo navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves in the said Haven; and for preserving Ships winterii therein from Accidents by Fire; -was committed; ai to whom the Petition of William and David Urq hart, Esquires, Commissioners appointed under an Act of Parliament, made in the TvVenty-third Year of tl Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, f repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Haven at Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and ma ing more navigable the several Rivers emptying then selves into the said Haven; and for preserving Shi wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and also ti Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ther untbTubscribed, Proprietors of Lands, in the Counti of Norfolk and Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves, and 1

veral.other Land Owners and Inhabitants of and in tl said Counties, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had ex mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found*" the fan to be true; and that the Committee had gone throug the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunt . which they had directed him to report to the Houfi

ai

12 Geo. IIL 20° Martii. 601

and he read the Report In his Place) and Afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time* One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Astrop Mr. Page prefehted to the House, according to Inclotu.e. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of , in the Parishes of King's Sutton, and Newbottle, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Siglcfthorne A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open inclosure. Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Town ship of Siglejlhome, in Holderness, in the Kaft Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir George Scivile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Burt ton Mr. Congreve presented to the House, according to

Ortler> a for repairing, widening, and keeping in ° Repair, the Road from in the County of Salop,

through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sotterton Lord Browtt/oivBertie presented to the House, acne o ore. cor(jing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Common Marsh, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Suttertou, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

KJrton Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac-Inclosure. COrding to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, and certain other Commonable Places and Open Fields, within the Parish of Kirton, in' the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wigtoft Lord Broivnloiv Bertie presented to the House, ac-loclofuxc. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Open Fields, and certain other Commonable Places, belonging to, and in, the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Burlton A Petition of several Land Owners, in and near the

(Salop) Villages or Towns of Knockin and Llanymynech, in the Roach. County of Salop, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners arc informed,a Bill is brought in for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Read from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County; and that the Road from the Town of Knockin, to the East End of the Llanriader Road, and also the Road from that End of Place Carrack Lane, which adjoins to the Road from Maefbrook to Llanymynech, to the Turnpike Road from Llanymynech to near the Mountain

called Coid Iffa, and -the Road from Oswestry Turnpike Road, near the Wolf's Head on Knockin Heath, to the Finger Poll at the East End of Knockin Lane, do respectively adjoin to, and for a short Space branch out of, the Road in the said Bill mentioned and described; and arc narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effec-V01..33.

tually widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Courl'e of Law: And therefore praying, That Prdvision may be made in the said Bill* for repairing, widening, and keeping itl Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meets

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Congreve, Sir Henry Bridge-man, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Eastleach mon Field, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within Toumlle the Manor and Parish of Eastleach Tourville, in the Incolure-County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. South-well, Mr. Kynaston, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Brown’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses, in Fenchurch Street and A

of London, escheated to the Crown, by the Death df Lieutenant General John Brovin, without Heir, unto Frederick Montagu, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon tho Trulls therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they bad directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, The Lord’s who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Day* amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws now in being, for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, That they db make Provision in the said Bill, to prevent Persons who keep Victualling Houses, or Houses of Public Entertainment, from being elected into, or serving, any Parish Offices. °

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Great the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Meadow Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Far-ringdon, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 114 Acres in the said Fields, and Thirteen Acres and an Half, One Yard, and One Swarth, in the Meadow, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Lessee under Brazen NoJ'e College, in Oxford, of 32 Acres and One Yard, in the said Fields, and One Acre and One Swarth in the Meadow, who refused to sign the Bill, though the said College had consented to the fame; and that the Whole of the said Fields and Meadow Ground contain 872 Acres, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several . Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

7 O Amend -

6 02

ao° Ma.

A. 1772.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

B&rlythorpe A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon Fields, Commons, and Common Grounds, within the Hamlet of Bdrlythorpe, in the Parish of , in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolvei, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Mr. Congreve, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mutiny, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the /A fcc-‘ , whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing ' *n ' Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, was committed, be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the laid Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Supply. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

; Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Collection of Etruscan, Grecian, and Roman Antiquities, brought from Italy, by Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, be purchased,. for the use of the Public, and vested in the Trustees of the British Mufieum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Four hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to suable His Majesty to purchase, for the use of the Public^ the said. Collection of Etruscan, , and Roman

Antiquities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thpt a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enablp the Trustees of the British Muf<eum to provide a proper Repository for the Reception of the said Collection of Etruscan, Grecian, and Roman Antiquities.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second , Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Much Ordered, That Sir William Bagot and Mr. be w"*®c*c' added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, Indofore. and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir Wat kin Williams Wynne, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Much Wen, otherwise Wenlock Magna, otherwise Great Wenlock, in the County of Salop, and . Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church, and Impropriator of the Great Tithes, within the said Manor, and also Proprietor of great Part of the Lands and

Common Fields lying within the said Manor, and also, as Lord thereof, of a certain large Tract of Land, ( ailed WeJlvjood Common, the Reverend Stephen Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish, and of Brooke Forester, Esquire, and others. Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and others into rest ed therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to prevent fraudulent Admissions into the Company of Merchants for extending and improving the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message firom the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to borrow upon Bonds further Money upon Account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for

establishing a further certain Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation, out of the said Middle and South Levels-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pasture, within the Manor of Sanford, in the Parish of Warcop, in the County of West-more/and; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Moorby cum Wilkjby, in the Town-ships of Moorby and Wilkjby, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Conrad Rucker; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor fames, in

the Parish of Leek, in the County of without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to William Jones, Esquire, On certain Contin-gences therein mentioned, a Term for Ninety-nine Years, if he shall To long live, in the Real Estates late of William Jones, Esquire, fteceafecl, in the several Counties of Wilts and Berks, upon such ’Terms as are therein mentioned;

’ to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of keithing and Kinross, to the Town of; and also

the Road from the said Queen s Ferry to the Towns of Dumfermline, Torryburn, and Culrofs; and also the Road 6 from

Pollington,

&c.

Inclosure.

Keyingham (Holderness) See. Drainage.

Militia.

j 2 Geo. III. 20° Mar til. 603

from the said Queen's Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and Kirkca/clie, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the lload from the North Queens Ferry, through the Towns of and

Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queens Ferry to the Towns of Torryburn, and Culrofs; and also the Road from the said Queens Ferry, through Inverkeitto Bruntisland and

Kirkcaldie.

Ordered, That General Gra do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open, Common, Arable, Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Pollington, Bain, Whitley, and Whitley Thorpe, Great Heck, and Little Heck, in the Parishes of Snaith and Kellington, in the County of York, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Common, Arable, Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Pollington, Bain, Whitley, and Whitley Thorpe, Great Heck, and Little , in the Parishes of Snaith and Kellington, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Constable, Esquire, the Reverend Mark Sykes, Doctor in Divinity, George Clapham and Robert Farrah, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of certain Low Grounds and Cars, within the Seigniory of Ho/derness in the East Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William lvefon, being examined, said. That he knows the Lands mentioned in the Petition; that they are liable to be overflowed and to be encroached upon by the Sea; and that they may be drained and preserved from such Encroachments} and that the Land is very good, and will be much improved by Drainage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining the Low Grounds and Cars, lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Keyingham, Keying-ham Marsh, Ryhill, and Cammerton, and Skeck-

ling. Burton Pidfea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Ha/sham, Owjlwick, Roofs, Rimfivell, Tun/Iall, Waxholm, E/Jlern-wick, Lelley, Humbleton, Fit king, Hilfton, Garton, Aldbrough,

Flinton and Tanfierne, within the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the 25th Day of March

*772-

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left 'the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Vol. 33.

That they hail gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

A Petition of Leonard Thompson, of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, by the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, for Leave to bring in a Bill to veil in them the Duties granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for taking down, removing, and rebuilding, certain Light-houses, near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber-, and also a Petition of John for Leave

to bring in a Bill to repeal certain Clauses in the said Act, and for altering and amending other Clauses, so as to enable him to build and erect the said Lighthouses; and that the Petitioner is Tenant for Life of One-fourth Part of the Premises, with such Remainders over, as in the said Act are mentioned; and that the Petitioner, in pursuance of the said Act, has taken down the old Light-houses, and erected Two Temporary Lights, at a great Expence, and would have proceeded to erect Two new Lighthouses, with suitable Offices and Conveniences, but was not able to borrow Money sufficient for that Purpose, on Credit of the said Tolls and Duties, owing (as the Petitioner believes) to the vexatious Disturbances and Obstructions of the said John and

his Agents; and that the Petitioner applied to the said Corporation, who thereupon undertook, and are now proceeding in erecting the Two new Lighthouses, according to the said Act; and that the Petitioner hopes, Provision may be made in the said Bill for repaying the ’Petitioner all his Expences and Disbursements already incurred; and that the Petitioner’s Life Estateinthp laid Lighthouses and Duties be not thereby impeached, or subjected to any further Payment than the Interest of the Money charged or to be charged on the said Fourth Part: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the said Petition of the said John Angell; and that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and protest the Property of the Petitioner, and grant him such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Second, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition ;. and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition ot John Angell, of Stockziell, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stiond, has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to veil the Duties arising from the Lighthouses, (landing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, in the said Trinity House of Deptford Strand, and for other Purposes; and that the said Petition of the said Trinity House of Deptford Strond is calculated further to oppreis the Petitioner, and injure his Freehold and Estate: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, before the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond is referred, against

the lame; and that the House will give the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford St rend, is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself

or

Sporn , Lighthouses.

Ditto.

Detils and Wills of Papish.

Manton

Inclosure.

Buxton

inclosure.

Lord

Bathurst,s

Estate,

St.Jaacs*sSq.

Canongate

(Edinburgh)

Streets.

Creditors,

&c.

(Scotland.)

Tavistock

to

Ply month, &c. Roads.

604 20 "MartaA. 1772

or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time* in Favour of the said former Petition, against tire Petition now presented.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, within the Parish of Manton, in the County of Rutland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of Bakeuell, and County of Derby; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of a Capital Freehold Messuage in Saint James's Square, in the County of Alidd Part of the entailed Estate of the Right honourable Allen Lord Bathurst, unto Sir Watkin Williams WyBaronet, pursuant to

an Agreement; and for settling an Estate in the County of Northampton, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for lighting, cleansing, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, of the Burgh of Canongate, and the Liberties of Pleasance and Leithwynd, adjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law, by Arrestment and Poinding; and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes; and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 31st Day of this Instant A. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of, or residing near to, the Towns and Boroughs of Dunheved, otherwise ton, and Newport, in the County of Cornwall, and of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late

2

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, fever; Roads leading to the Borough of in th

County of Cormuall, and also of the Mortgagees < the Tolls granted by the said Act, and also of th Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses of the Boroug of Came ford, in the said County, and also of th Mayor and Free Burgesses of the Borough of Bofftmtt and Trevena, in Tintagel, in the County aforesaid, wa presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Tha the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is de pending, for enlarging the Term and Powers grante by an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads lcadin from the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devos,

and for extending a Road leading from the Guildhal of the said Borough of Tavistock, through Alatthez Street and Brook Street, over the River Tavy, by and over Little Down, and by certain Places callei Aferriville Bridge and Two Bridges, to a Place callei Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the fail County of Devon (in the Road from Tavistock to Exeter through the Town of Aiortonhampflead) and also th Road from the said Place called Two Bridges, to or nca Dunnabridge Pound, in the same Forest (in the lloai from Tavistock to Ashburtori) and for other Purpose therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners, having ob tained the said Act of the 33d Year of his late Majesty' Reign, have proceeded to repair the several Road therein mentioned, and that the same arc in very goex Repair; and that there are already Three great Turn pike Roads leading from the East to the West, Twi from the East to the South, and One from the Nortl to the South; and that Aiortonhampflead is a small an< inconsiderable Place; the Forest of Dartmoor is ver hilly, wild, and uninhabited; and that all the Road aforesaid to the West of Exeter, and (as the Petitioner conceive) the Roads to the South of Exeter-, througl the Towns of Ashburton and Totness, to Plymouth, am the Lands and Property adjoining or near the same will be greatly affected should the said Bill take place and the Mortgagees will be greatly injured thereby And therefore praying, That they may be heard, b; themselves or Counsel, against such Part of the fail Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pal into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in th Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repair ing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading iron Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the Count of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Roa from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid. throug! Afatthezv Street and Brook Street, to Cherry Brook, am to Dunnabridge Pound; and from the Callington Turn pike Road to Alorwellham and New Quay, in the l'al County, is committed; and that the Petitioners b heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at th same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the laii Petition.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, t whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and alterin and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in th Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing an widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Sait Edmund's, to the Town of Newmarket, in the Countii of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from the South End of tl Ferry Street in Brandon to Bury Saint s, i

the said County of Suffolk, was committed; That tl Committee had examiner! the Allegations of the Bil and found the same to be true; and that the Committi

1)2

12 Geo. III. 20° — 23 0M 05

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-

?oft to the House j and he read the Report in his ’lace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughoutand then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Cavenfcam An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosore. Common Fields, and other Commonable Mea-

dows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Parish of Ca-venham, in the County of , was read the Third

Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seren-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and eans. ref0jve £ticlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-flight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Marriages The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill oy»i Family. from -;ie Lords, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ellis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lance, 2 30 Martii;

rish of Okehampton, in the County of , and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, within the Neighbourhood thereof, and of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Year 1760, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading to Okehampton, in the County of Devon, and also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads, leading from to

mouth, and other Places in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Brook Street, to Cherry Bro, and to Dunna bridge Pound; and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County; and also taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dnnsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County; and Setting forth. That there is at present a great Turnpike Road, leading from Okehampton to Crockerton Well, in the Road to Exeter; from Okehampton to Lydford, in the Road to and from

Okehampton to Cootnbe Bow Bridge, in the Road to Launceston, upon which there hath been already borrowed and expended upwards of £. 5,000.; and that the Income of the Tolls will but barely pay the Interest, and keep the said Roads in Repair; and that the greater Part of the new intended Road from Tavistock to Cherry Brook, and from thence to Mortonhamis a wild, bleak, mountainous, and uninhabited Country, and impassable for many Months in the Year, the making of which will not be of any public Utility, but greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counfei, against such Parts of the said Bill as may materially affect them, to wit, the Road leading from the Guildhall to Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and

Brook Street, to Cherry Brook aforesaid, and from Mortonhampjiead aforesaid, to Cherry Brook aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads, leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Brook Street, to Cherry , and to Dunnabridge Pound; and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morzvelkam and Nezv Quay, in the said County, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counfei, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counfei to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Anno it° Georgii III. U Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Wei ton Inclosure.

LORD Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Town-ship and Parish of IPelton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

TTaviftoek A Petition of the Mayor, principal Burgesses, Assist-Wymouth ants, and Inhabitants of the Town, Borough, and Pa-

&c- Vol. 33.

Road*.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Lordship of West Halton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers and Authorities given to George Fief chi Heneage, Esquire, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Benniworth, in the 7 P " County

West

Halton

Inclosure.

Benniworth Inc’oture: Amendment.

6o6 23° Martii. . 1772.

County of Lincoln, to charge certain Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of in the County of Lincoln, of which he is now strict Tenant for Life, with a certain Sum of Money, for reimbursing to him the Expences which he has been at in the inclosing the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Middle Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain In 0 ore. Qp^ fields, Moors, and Common Pastures, in the Lord ship of Middle Raijin the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Quinton Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to ludofure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Quinton, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of One Yard-Land and One Quarter of a Yard-Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Fields intended to be inclosed contain 39 Yard-Lands, and One Quarter of a Yard Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Jonet’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for granting to William , Esquire, on certain Contingencies therein mentioned, a Term for Ninety-nine Years, if he shall so long live, in the Real Estates late of William Jones, Esquire, deceased, in the several Counties of WiItiand Berks, upon such Terms as are therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

livered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’ Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tin House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir William Bagot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Oper and Uninclol'ed Parcels of Arable and Pasture Grounds Common and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Mud Wen/ock, otherwise Wenlock Magna, otherwise Grea, Wenlock, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Cemetery or Churchyard o the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford; anc to make an additional Building to the present Work house, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Pa rish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, wa read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fey, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Af ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham ber.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reportei from the Committee of the whole House, to whom th> Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain calk England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day < March 1772, was committed; the Amendments whit the Committee had made to the Bill, and which tht had directed him to report to the House; and he rea the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tl Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabk Where the Amendments were Once read throughout ’and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tl Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tl House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be it grossed.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, accordin to Order, a Bill for draining the Low Grounds an Cars, lying in the several Parishes, Townships, an Places, of Keyingham, Keyingham Marsh, and Can

merton, Burflwick, and Skec Burton Pidfea, ar

Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halfham, Roofs, Rin.

well, Punjlall, Waxholm, Elfl Lelley, Hum bleu

Fitling, Hilston, Garton, Aldborough, Flinton, and within the Seigniory of Hold and East Riding the County of York: And the same was received; ai read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, accordi to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allottii the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Un closed Grounds, within the Township of Would Newt in the East Riding of the County of York: And t same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brown’s

escheated

Estates.

Mr. Fuller, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses in Fenchurch Street and Addle Street, in the City of London, efchcated to the Crown, by the Death of Lieutenant General John Broivn, without Heir, unto Frederick Montagu, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the Trusts therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fiel Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township Welt on, in the East Riding of the County of \ read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gee Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet t Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speak-Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the C< mittee, to whom the Bill for widening, amending,:

keep

i2 Geo. III.

23° Martii.

607

Kemble and Pool lmJofure.

Hockley,

&c.

Lnclosure.

Mutiny,

Sec.

America.

keeping in Repair, the Road from the West End of Nezvland Clow Lane in the Parish of , in the

East Riding of the County of unto or near land Clow, on the West Side of the River , and from the opposite Bank of the said River, to the South East Corner of the Churchyard Wall in Sutton in Holderness, and from thence to or near Salts Gate, adjoining to the Turnpike Road between Kingston upon Hull, and Hedon in Holderness aforesaid, and from the said South East Corner of Sutton Churchyard Wall, unto and through Lozv Gate Street, and from thence to the Toll Bar near the Tyvo Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road between Kingston upon Hull and Hedon aforesaid; and also for building a Bridge across the River Hull, at or near Newland Clow aforesaid, is committed.

Mr. Penruddock presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Kemble and Pool, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dowdefivell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Township of Blockley, and Hamlets of Draycot and Paxford, in the Parish of Blockley, and County of cester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better lVyment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in A, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dofdefwell reported from the Committee, to Throck-whom the Bill for.dividing and inclosing the Open and ^lotor*. Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Precincts of the Hamlet of Throckmorton, in the County of Worcester, was re-committed; That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Skinn’s to dissolve the Marriage of William Skinn with Ann lvorce' Shinn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 31st Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. (

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual assessing and Bishopgtte collecting of the Rates for Relief of the Poor, in the (London) Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopgate, in the Liberties of Poors R,lc* the City of London, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual assessing and collecting of the Rates for Relief of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopgate, in the Liberties of the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Trecolhick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Alexander Gilmore reported from the Committee, caster*

Vti U /\ 4 L A D all i.1 . Li__ 1H — 1 _ a.!

Richmond A Bill to enable Their Majesties to enfranchise Copy-(Surrey) Hold Estates, holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the Enfranchise- (jounty of Surrey, was read a Second Time, menu. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Great An ingrossed Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, Yarmouth maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Haven. Great Tarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Tar-rnouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Tow, if.end do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

You 33.

to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Carters, &c.’ Carriages, loaded Horses, Pedlars, Tinkers, and Petty Scotland. Chapmen; and for filling up or inclosing Coal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nuisances within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thfe Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- fee Vann ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^*nt* House, to consider of the Petition of the Honourable James Archibald Stuart.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according Offices and to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Em* to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and p oynienl1' to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications,

within

Freehold Eftttei, &c. Asserts.

Dock

Yards.

Berwick,

&c.

Roads.

Bury St. Edmund’s to

Newmarket,

See.

Roads.

Exchequer:

Scamp

Duties.

608 23 Martii.A. 1772.

within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been llamped, have been loft, or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make Freehold and Copyhold, and Customary Freehold Estates Afletts for Payment of Simple Contraft Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing and pre(erving His Majesty's Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores: And that the Lord North, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Charles Whit-worth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Hall, Esquire, Heritor of the County of Berwick, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Bang house IValls, to Compton's Lanes, and Eymouth; and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth; and Horn Whitelaw muir to Compton s Lanes, in the County of Berwick: And Setting forth. That the said Bill, if passed into a Law as it now (lands, will greatly affect, and be injurious to, the Petitioner and the Public: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to him.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's, to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from the South End of the Ferry Street in Brandon to Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund’s, to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from the South End of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the several Stamp Duties granted by the Acts 32d George the Second, and 2d and 5th George the Thisd, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wales, for Four Years, ended

the 5th Day of January 1772; distinguishing each Year.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Shiwfcorj Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign £ndsc-of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Sh; and for appropriating Part of the Tolls, collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finishing the feme; and for granting additional Terms to the several Acts for repairing the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Low for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish, Lordship, or Liberties, 1 ,‘oure' of Low Toynton, in the County of Lincoln j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Seltan’t naturalizing Henry Francis Sellon-, to which the Lords ^at* desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ellis, according to Order, reported from the Mirruga Committee of the whole House, to whom the in- oft||e grofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Ro," ‘aah the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz. *

Pr. 2.1. 6. Leave out " his or their Sign Manual*’!

and insert " the Great Seal."

1. 8. Leave out " the better."

1. 31. Leave out " and shall be good."

1. 33. After " Successors," insert " and such " Marriage shall be good."

1. 40. Leave out " shall " and insert " to;" and after the 2d " or" insert " to."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Duration of the Bill.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank, which was filled up,

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas I ^orc^ Bell7

1 ellers for the 1 eas, sir Cgdl . £ 1J2*

Tellers for the Noes,{^r' Coope>, 1 ro.

’(Mr. Gascoyne:,) J

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, intituled, " Praemunire for purchasing Bulls from Rome.

" The Crown of England subject to none;" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That no Person shall be convicted for any Offence against this Act, but upon the Verdict of a Jury, in One of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That

12 Geo. III. 2 3® — 24°Martii.

6o<?

That nothing therein contained shall be construed by Implication, or otherwise, to vest in His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, the Care of the Education, and Custody of the Perl'ons, of any of the Descendants of George the Second, other than the Children and Grand . Children of the reigning King.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. x. 1. 36. To leave out " no Defcenilant of the " Body of his late Majesty King " George the 2d, Male or Female," and to insert " the Descendants of " any reigning King for the Time being, the Brothers and Sifters of any " reigning King, and their Descendants, the Person next in Succession to the Crown to those above " mentioned, and his Descendants,

" the Brothers and Sifters of the said " Person, and their Descendants, the presumptive Heir to the Crown, " and his or her Descendants, the " Brothers and Sifters of the said " presumptive Heir, and their Del'cendants, the Person (landing " next in the Succession to those " abovementioned, and his or her " Descendants, the Brothers and " Sifters of the said Person standing next in Succession, and their " Descendants."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out, (land Part of the Bill;

It wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 1. 1. 5, by inferring after the Word " shall," the Word " not."

And the Question being put. That the Word " not" be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 2. J. 13, by inferring after the Word " Defeendant," the YVords " which after the passing of " this Act shall be solemnized or made."

And the Question being put, That those YVords be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Pr. 2. 1. 19, by leaving out the Word

the YVord " One" instead

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, of the Burgh o(£~ Canongate, and the Liberties of Pleasance and adjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 2.5 th Day of March 1772, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Xitle be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day

of March 1772.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitveorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Colleton’s resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Divorce, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Colleton, Baronet, with Ann Fullford, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Major Egerton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Major Egerton reported from the Committee, That they had examined Witnesses, and heard Counsel, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Partyappeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

and

2.

inserting

" Five,’ thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Five" (land Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Precincts of the Hamlet of , in

the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other; Commonable Lands, within the Precincts of the Hamlet of Throckmorton, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Moors, and Common Pastures, in the Lordship of Middle Raisin, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Moors, and Common Pastures, in the Lordship . of Middle Raisin, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Broreuhz Bertie do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Throck-

morton

Ioclofar*.

Middle

Raifia

Inclosure.

Martts, 24* Martii;

Anno 120 Georgii IIIlil Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Canongate, A N ingrossed Bill for lighting, cleansing, and watch-lEdinburgh) Tx. ing, the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, of Streets, Ac. the Burgh of Canongate, and the Liberties of Pleasance and Leithwynd, adjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh, was read the Third Time.

Vox.. 33.

A Petition of BartholomewDominic M. D. was pre- Sea Water:

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the (Irving’s Petitioner hath obtained His Majesty’s Royal Patent, as a Reward for his Invention of a Method of making Sea Water fresh by Distillation; and that the Petitioner is informed, that Dr. Irving has claimed the Merit of the said Invention; and therefore considering himself essentially injured by the said Dr. Irving’s Claim, desires to be heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee to whom Dr. Irving's Petition is referred, touching the Priority of his Pretensions to the Invention of a Method of making Sea Water fresh by Distillation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

7 Q

Lord Bathord’s Estate, St. Jameses Square.

Wolverhampton

&.C.

Roads.

6xo

24° Martii. A. 1772.

of Charles Irving, One of the Surgeons of His Majesty’s Royal Navy, is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of a Capital Freehold Messuage in Saint James's Square, in the County of Midd/ Part of the entailed

Estate of the Right honourable Allen Lord unto

Sir JVatkin Williams Wynne, Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement; and for settling an Estate in the County of Northampton, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-shed, Sir William Codrington, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of 'Thomas Hoo Esquire, Lord of the Manor of the Liberty of Great in the County of

Stafford, John Wylde, Clerk, Rest or of the fame, and others, the Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Liberty, and also of others the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, within the several Parishes of Shenftone, hints, Drayton Buffett, Tamworth, WeifordPackington, Tamhorn,

Whittington, Swinfen, and Places adjacent, all within the County of Staffordwas prefonted to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition of the Trullees of the present Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of to Sutton Cold-

field Common, Snails Green, and Park Brook, respectively, and also of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Walsall aforesaid, hath been presented to the House, for continuing the Term and Powers of the Act for repairing the said Roads, and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and repre-fenting to the House, that the Sum of Money mentioned in the said Petition to have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls is £.200, which, with the Interest thereof, amounts in the Whole to the Sum of 210; and that on the 19th of February last there remained in the Hands of the Treasurer a Balance of £. 197 and upwards, over and above discharging all Expences whatsoever, arising from repairing and maintaining the said Roads; and that the Petitioner Thomas Hoo is ready and willing to advance and give the Sum of £. 13, which, added to the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer, will enable the said Trustees to discharge the Sum of Money by -them borrowed and still remaining unpaid, and who, it is apprehended, will be effectually released from themost burthensome Part of their present Trust; and that the Mortgagee is willing to accept the said Sum without the customary Notice being previously given him for that Purpose; and that the said Turnpike Roads now are, and for a considerable Time past have been, in good Repair, and may be so kept and maintained by the Statute Duty; and that the Roads leading from the several Terminations of the present Turnpike Road at Sutton Coldfield Common and Snails Green to Sutton Park Corner and Hamffield are likewise in good and sufficient Repair; and that there is already at llampstead aforesaid a very good and sufficient Horse Bridge, built with Bricks and Timber, over the River Tame, for the necessary Repairs of which there is (as the Petitioners are in* formed) a sufficient Annual Rent Charge or Penfton; and that, in case of a Flood which may render the said River unfordable for Wheel Carriages, which seldom happens, there is a Stone Bridge, maintained at the Expence of the County, over the said River at Perry Barr, in the Parish of Hamfwortlr, and that the Road from Snails Green to Birmingham, over the said Stone Bridge, is also

in good and sufficient Repair; and that, as no Plan of the proposeef Alterations of the said Turnpike Roads hath been communicated to suchof the Petitioners as are Owners of Lands in Great Barr, lying near, or contiguous to, the present Turnpike Roads, they conceive they may be subject to great Inconvenience and Injury, if a Bill should pass, giving discretionary Powers to the Trustees, to turn the Roads over the Lands of the Petitioners, and that the acting Trustees of the said Turnpike Roadi have declared their Intention of endeavouring to obtaif a Power of subjecting, in future, all Lime for Manun (which at present is Toll-free) to the Payment of the ful Toll of n. 6 d.for each Waggon Load; and tha there is, at a Place called Hay Head, a very thick am considerable Vein of LimeStone, which was drained am opened, ready for Work, more than Two Years line* and is situated close to the Turnpike Road leading fror Walsall to Sutton Coldfield Common, and lies nearer b Two Miles to the several Parishes of Shenfione,

Hints, Weeford, Packington, Tamhorn, Whittington, fen, and Places adjacent, than any other Works in < near to the Town of Walsall; and that every'Waggc Load of Coals, to be used in burning Lime, at Hay Het (as it is obliged to be conveyed through the present 0 Turnpike Gate at Walsall) is subject to One Shillit and Sixpence, over and above the Payment of the fan Toll at the new Turnpike Gate, as the Coals used fort like Purpose at Walsall Lime Works are charged wit by reason of which excessive Tolls the Proprietor of t said Mine at Hay Head, being (as he alledges) disabl from lelling Lime on the same Terms as the Owners the Lime Works in or near Walsall, hath declined ope ing the same for public Sale; and that Lime is a Spec of Manure of the greatest Utility to the Petitioners, the Culture of their several Farms, and that it h: been, and still is, very scarce; and that, as the P prietor of the Mine at Hay Head can there raise a v large Quantity of Lime, the enabling him to open said Work for public Sale, would be (as the Petitior conceive) a Matter of general Advantage to the Coun and the Petitioners apprehend, that a Renewal; Extension of the Powers of the present Turnpike . is entirely unnecessary, that it will be productive of in private Hardships to some of the Petitioners, and ] judicial to all of them: And therefore praying, T the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, aga the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and 0< piers of Lands, in the Parishes of Sutton Coldfield, Cole Castle Bromwich, Shifiock, Whitacre, Packington, I nell, Curdworth, Minworth, Water Horton, and P’

adjacent, in the County of Warwick, was also prese to the House, and read; Containing the same All tions as the preceding Petition, with respect to L And therefore praying the House will take the Pre into Consideration, and grant them such Relief the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered referred to the Consideration of the Comtv to whom the Petition of several Trustees foi ting in Execution an Act of Parliament, and passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of Majesty King George the Second, intitule Act for repairing and widening the Roads h from Sutton Coldfield Common to the Xo Walsall, and from Sneals Green to Waif a. from Walsall to Park Brook, in the Cot Stafford; and also of the Mayor and Capit; gelles of the Borough of Walsall, and fei the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the said Town of Waif a. Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunl feribed, is referred; and the Petitioners in the first of the said Petitions are to be by themselves or Counsel, before the said mittee, upon, their Petition, if they think

C

12 Geo. III. 240 Martii. 611

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the first Petition now presented.

St.Nicholas, A Petition of the Right honourable Lady Mary

bdofuie^ Greatlieed, and James Money, Esquire, Owners and Pro-

' ' prietors of, and otherwise interested in, Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Saint , in the Manor

of Warwick, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick-, and setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Property of the Petitioners and others, in the said Parish and Manor, will be greatly affected and prejudiced: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into'a Law, or that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Solihull, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Posts in Kenilworth, and from Stem Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balfall Common, in the county of ; was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Townshend, See.: And they are to mefet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birmingham Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom dnnrhft Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direified him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Meredith, Mr. Daniel Winwood, and Mr. Thomas Fauconbridge, being severally examined, said. That the Trade and Manufactures of the said Town having much improved of late Years, the Inhabitants thereof are greatly increased, and that there are but Two Churches and One small Chapel in the said Town, which are not sufficient to contain One-sixth Part of the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building One or more new Church or Churches, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Skipwith and Mr. Coxe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom bo?.!? the Bill to enable the Trustees of the Estate of Henry Smith, Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of Money to the Relief of his poor Kindred; and to enable the said Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate, in the Parishes cf Kensington, and Saint Martin in the

Fields, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Cotjimittee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve-Vot. 33.

ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Commit- Glasgow tee, to whom the Bill for deepening, cleansing, scour- Harbour* ing, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port Glasgow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breads, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him.to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, Barlton the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymyneclt, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Congreve,

Sir Henry B> t.lgeman, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Lewis’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce, to consider further of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Hugh Lewis with Susannak Hale otherwise Heale, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hot ham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hotham reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allot- Crest ting, the Open’ Common Fields, Commonable Lands, F»n-wgdon and Meadow Ground, within the Manor and Parish of nco"re' Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Meadow Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Fox presented to the House, according to Temogton Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and drain- Dr*m*g«, ing, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moors or Commons, in the Township and Parish of Terrington, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,

6ii

24° Ma

A. 1772.

&c.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Criminal Sir Charles Bunbttry reported from the Committee, Laws, who were appointed to consider of so much of the Criminal Laws, as relate to Capital Offencesand to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, That they had considered the same accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

ReJ'ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of Henry the Seventh, intituled. The Penalty of a Captain or Soldier, retained to serve the King in his intended "Wars not doing their Duty, as subjects Offenders to Death, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the-First and Second Years of Philip and Mary, intituled, An Act against certain Persons, calling themselves Egyptians, as subjects Offenders to Death, be repealed.

RcJ'ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians, as subjects Offenders to Death, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 35th Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to retain her Majesty’s Subjects in their due Obedience, as subjects Offenders to Death, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for taking away of Clergy from Offenders against a certain Statute made in the 3d Year of Henry the Seventh, concerning the taking away of Women against their Wills unlawfully, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 21st Year of ‘ James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murdering Bastard Children, as subjects the Offender to Death, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Counsellor, in the Execution of his Office, to be Felony without Benefit of Clergy, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of George the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from New Palace Yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, as subjects the Offender to Death, be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

AlJermafton, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads from -maston, in the County of Berks, to and from

Aldcrmafton aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road from Jloke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester, at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And a!so,

Carlton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Moor for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Carlton Moor, Inclosure. Qr cornmoilj ancj an Open Field, called the Town Field,

&c.

Road*.

in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Gv.ifeley, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for annulling and making void certain Articles of Agreement, made previous and in order to the Marriage of George Wilson, Esquire, and Ann his now Wife,

and the Settlement made after their Marriage, in pursuance of the said Articles, in Confirmation of a Decree and Order of the High Court of Chancery; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the Firff Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order made upor the nth Day of this lnstant March, for the House U resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upor Thursdaynext, upon the Bill for incorporating and wel governing the Society of Free and Accepted Masons and for other Purposes therein mentioned; might b read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven night, the First Day of April next, resolve itself into th said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House t resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upo the Bill for the more effectual proceeding against Per fons (landing mute on their Arraignment for Felony c Piracy;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morninc resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House t resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upc the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act t difiolve the Marriage of Richard Draper with Elizabe, Hartnell, his now Wife; and to enable him to man again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon To-morro Sevennight, the First Day of April next, resolve itfc into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Thi Reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intitule An Act for the better regulating the future Marring of the Royal Family;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question bei put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pais; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

I Mr. Dundas,

Mr. Bradshaw:

’Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior,

M. Charles Fox:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to 1 Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agr< to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amei ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of tl Lordships.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mo ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wh House, upon the Bill for regulating the Admission Freemen into Corporations.

And then the House adjourned till To-mor Morning, Ten of the Clock,

12 Geo. III.

25° Ma.

613

Insolvent

Debtors.

Smith’s

Charity

Estate.

Charlron,

&c.

ItcloCure.

Mercuriij 2 50 die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii III. U Regis, 1772. Prayers.

JDEfolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the Second Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Trustees of the Estate of Henry Smith, Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of Money to the Relief of his poor Kindred; and to enable the said Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate, in the Parishes of and

Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county of ;

was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estate of Henry Smith, Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of Money to the Relief of his poor Kindred; and to enable the said Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate, in the Parifttes of Chelsea, and Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Abdy be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose N.lines are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in Lands, Commons, and other Properties and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet, Liberties, Precimfts, and Territories, of Charlton, in the Parishes of Newboltle and Sutton, or one of them, in the County of Northampton.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Follifool, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, who are possessed of Lands in the said Fields to the Amount of £. 9 per Annum, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of £.402; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

JUcbmond Ordered, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, Bridge. for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from

mond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond afore-Vol. 33.

fcolllfoot.

Sec.

htioiun.

said to William Windham, Esquire, in Fee Simple, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petitioners, the several Ii.habitants and Owners of Lands and Estates, within the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and also the Petitioners, the several Inhabitants of the Parish of Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners in and near the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Tanners in Great Britain-, and also, the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or Mystery of the Curriers, of the City of London, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petitions; a Slate whereof they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

A State of the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petitions is as followeth; viz.

An Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, was read: And an Account of the Raw Hides and Skins exported since the Commencement of the said Act, to Christmas 1771, was laid before your Committee, which Account is annexed in the Appendix, N° I; by which it appears, that the Number of Raw Hides exported from the 5th of July 1769 were 27,431, and no Calf Skins; and the Raw Hides imported were 287,494, with 50,778 Dozen and Seven Calf Skins.

That your Committee could find no better Way of ascertaining the Increase of Slaughter, than by an Account of Neat Cattle Annually fold in Market

for Forty Years last pall, by which it appears, that the Number of Cattle so fold have increased in some Degree; but from the Year 1769 to the Year 1771, the Time mentioned in the Petition, Slaughter has increased from 82,131 to 93,573; which Account is annexed in the Appendix, N° II.

It appeared, by the Evidence of Mr. James Warm and Mr. Isaac Miller, Tanners, that Raw Hides are reduced in Price 15 or 20 per Cent, in the last Three Years; and Mr. Warne, who is a Facftor as well as,a Tanner, said, he had Reason to believe, that the Slaughter of Cattle near London was increased, as his Commissions for Raw Hides have considerably dccreased in the last Year, which he apprehends are supplied by the Slaughter in their own Markets: And by an Account produced by Mr. Robert Bell, it appeared, that from the Year 1769, the Time mentioned in the Petition, Hides had been reduced from 31 s. 4 to 22 Hundred Weight.

By an Account produced by Mr. Isaac Miller, extracted from his Bcwks for Thirty Years, antecedent to the Alt of the Ninth of His Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Raw Hides Duty-free, it appeared that the Price of Oak Bark at London had risen from £. 5 for a Load of Hatch, by which is meant 45 Hundred Weight of Bark, to f. 8. 5. for which it fold in the Year 1768; and the same Bark in 1769 fold from £.8. to to £.9. 5.; in the Year 1770 from to

f.10. 10.; and in the Year 1771 from £.11. to£. 12. 5.;

7 R and

Bark,

(Tanner*)

See.

p. 615.

p. 616.

614

and this Increafeof the Price of Bark was confirmed by Mr. Amos Angles.,a Tanner: And Mr. Robert Belly a

Tanner, produced an Account of Oak Bark from 1766 to 1771, whereby it appeared, that in 1766 Oak Bark was fold for £. 2. 19. 2.; in 1768 at 3. 5. 2.; in 1769 at £.3. 14. 8.; in 1770 at 5. 5.; and in 1771 from £. 5. to £. 5. 10. by the Ton.

By an Account laid before your Committee from the Custom-house, it appeared that the Quantity of Oak Bark exported from Christm 1764 to Christmas 1771 was 39,554 Tons Eight hundred Two Quarters; and that the Quantity of Bark imported for the same Period was 555cwt. 171b. and that there had been exported to Ireland, of Foreign Bark, in the same Time, 655 cwt.

3 q. 41b.: The laid Accounts are annexed in the Ap-.617. pendix, N° III. and IV.

By another Account of Tanned Lather exported for the same Period, it appeared that 89,001 cwt. 16 lb. had been exported; and that the Export from 1764 to 1765 was i9,372cwt. 1 q. 131b. and from 1770 to 1771 only 9,669 cwt. 15 lb. j and by an Account of manufac-

A. 1773.

tured Leather exported for the same Period, it appeared that 2,221,366 Pounds Weight had been exported: Which said Accounts are annexed in the Appendix, N° V. and VI.

It appeared from the Evidence of Mr. Charles Winter, a Tanner at Glastonbury, in , that several

Woods had been grubbed up in that County, and converted into Pasture and Tillage, in the Proportion, as he thinks, of about a Twentieth Part; in consequence of which the Price of Bark had risen from Fifty Shillings to £. 3. 10 s.a Ton: And Mr. Thomas , a Tanner in the County of Sussex, gave Evidence of the grubbing up of about 11,000 Acres of Wood Land in that County.

But the most material Evidence, in regard to the Decrease of Timber, appeared to your Committee to be Part of the Appendix to the Report from the Committee appointed upon the 1 ith Day of March 1771, to con-lider how His Majesty’s Navy may be better supplied with Timber j Part of the Appendix to which Report, N° XVI, was read to your Committee; and is as followed j viz.

25* Martiu'

A Summary View of the JUDGMENT of the different DEALERS in the different Counties, acccording to Number of Years, respecting the proportionate Decrease of OAK TIMBER.

PERSONS. COUNTIES, YEARS. DECREASE.

Wood and Palmer Whitehaven in the North - - - g - 40 Seven-eighths.

Okill - - - Lancashire, Cheshire, North Wales ----- 5° Three-fourths.

Galightly - Lancashire, Cheshire, Shropshire, Stafordshire, Wales 5° Seven-tenths.

Yoxall - - Cheshire - -- - 3° One-half.

Waif or d - - Shropshire - -- 3° Four-fifths.

Bridge - - - Carnarvon, Denbigh, Merioneth, Flint - - - - Two-thirds.

Mojlyn, Esqj - In Denbigh, advertised for Sale ----- 1 One-third.

James - - - Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan ----- 3° Nine-tenths.

Morgan - Carmarthenshire, &c. - -- -- - !3 Seven-eighths.

Lomax - Brecknockshire - -- - 30 Two-thirds.

Moore - - - Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, Monmouth - - 40 Four-fifths.

Smith - Worcester, Warwickshire ----- 40 Four-fifths.

Roche - - Devon, Dorset, Somerset, Cornwall - - - - 40 Four-fifths.

Hants, Surrey, Kent, Sussex ----- 40 Nine-tenths.

Steel - - - - The South Parts - -- 40 to 50 > Seven-eighths.

Chiliy Timber Counties in general ---- 40 Nine-tenths.

Dearjly - Essex, &c. - -- 14 Three-fourths.

Shields - - - Yorkshire - -- 40 Four-fifths.

White - - - Hampshire - -- 40 Three-fourths.

Morris - - - Surrey, &c. - -- 20 Three-fourths.

Martin - - - Newport, Greenock, Ayre, Dumfries - - - 21 No Supply.

Miller - - - River Clyde, Port Glasgom *7 No Supply.

Palmer - Shropshire, Montgomeryshire ----- several Great Consumption.

H. Williams Pembrokeshire - -- - from a Youth Great Destruction.

IT. Williams Glam organ, Monmouthfi loucejl er ^Hereford\ S hropjkire *5 Almost entire Deftrmftion.

Matthews - Bristol - -- - 10 Not one Quarter of the Choice.

Andrews - Plymouth - -- 30 Decrease very considerable.

Bird- - - - London all round - -- — Very little remaining.

Goldsworth- General - -- - in 19 Price advanced from 3 = t £ 4-

Mills - - - Surrey, Kent, Sussex - -- 40 Almost all taken down.

Sir J. Philipps - Pembrokeshire, and elsewhere ---- - i In Danger to cease to be Maritime Nation.

That

i2 Geo. III.

2 5° Martii. 615

That from an Account from the Navy Office, it appeared that several Contracts had been made for Winter-felled Timber, for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, whereby it is agreed, that £.7. 5 j. in the hundred Pounds, over and above the Prices contracted for, is allowed to lie paid for Winter-felled Timber (that is. Timber felled between the First of December and the 15th of February) but from an Observation at the Bottom of the said Account, it appears that no Winter-felled Timber has been delivered into His Majesty’s Yards in consequence of those Contracts; but the Date of the First Contrail of this Kind appears to be so late as the toth of September last, so that there has been little more than Three Months Time for the Execution of these Contrails: The said Account is annexed in the Appendix, N° VII.

From the Evidence of Mr. ‘Thomas , a Tanner in Sussex, it appeared that Timber was felled in many

different Parts of that County in Winter, by which the Bark was loft; and that the Time for barking Timber is April, May, and some Part of June.

By the Ail of the 20th Charles the Second, Cap. 5, it appeared that a Duty of One Shilling per Hundred Weight was laid on all Leather exported j and by the Ail of the 9th of Queen ACap. n, an Excise of One Penny per Pound is laid upon all tanned Leather, and an additional Halfpenny by an Act of the 10th Year of her said Majesty’s Reign, Cap. 26; and by the said Ail a Drawback is allowed of Two-thirds, or One Penny in the Pound, upon Exportation j and the Duty

of Excise appeared by the Evidence of several Dealers in Leather to amount to about per Cent. Two-thirds of which is drawn back upon Exportation, so that the Excise paid upon exported Leather amounts to about Five per Cent, to which must be added, the said Duty of One Shilling per Hundred Weight, granted by the Ail of the 20th of Charles the Second.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. William Newman, that he has exported great Quantities of Leather to Italy and up the Straits, but that he has been obliged' to refuse Orders, to the Amount of several thousand Hides in a 'Year, because the Merchants can be supplied with the same in Ireland, from 10 to 15 Cent, cheaper than he can do it; that there is no Excise or Duty on Leather in Ireland, which he apprehends to be the principal Reason of their under-felling the Englishr, to which may be added, the Scarcity of Inhabitants in that Country, and the great Slaughter on account of viilualling Ships for Foreign Trade.

Your Committee then proceeded to the Consideration of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Art or Mystery of Curriers of the City of London: And Mr. John Curtis, Matter of the said Company, and Mr. Henry Kitchen and Mr. Benjamin Barber, who were severally appointed to attend your Committee on Behalf of the said Company of Curriers, informed your Committee, that they rest the Support of the Allegations of their Petition on the Evidence already given.

N° I.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of RAW HIDES exported from, and imported into, , from the 5th of July 1769 to Christmas 1771, which is as far as the same can be made up.

EXPORTED. IMPORTED.

1 t

Goat Skins Goat Skins

Raw Hides. Calf Skins. in the Hair. Raw Hides. Calf Skins. in the Hair.

Number. Dozen. 1 N° Dozen. N° Number. Dozen. N° Dozen. N*

From 5th July 1769 to Christmas 1769 Nil. Nil. Nil. 67,337 14,025 5 *74 7

1770 i8»755 Nil. Nil. 131,672 15,08! 9 346 10

1771 8,676 Nil. Nil. 88,485 21,671 7 a 9

Note. The Inspector General receives his Returns Quarterly, without any intermediate Dates, which is the Reason he could not commence this Account from the ift of June 1769, as directed by the Order. And receiving no Returns from Scotland, this Account is for England only.

Jtf Tomkyns, Assistant Inspector General.

Custom House, London, nth March 1772.

VOL. 33.

616

250 M

A. 1772.

Ne II.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of BLACK or NEAT CATTLE Annually fold in Smithfield Market for 40 Years last past, from the Year 1732 to the Year 1771.

In the Year - 1732

*7 33

1734

*735

1736

1737

1738

1739

1740

1741

1742

1743

1744

1745

1746

1747

1748 *749

1752

*753 1754 17 55 *756

*757

*758

1759

1760

1761

One Year and One Quarter - - 1762

1763

1764

1765

1766

1767

1768

1769

1770

1771

Chamberlain’s Office, Guildhall, 18 March 1772.

76.210 80,169

78.810 83,894 87,606 89,862 87,010 86,787

84.810

77>7I4

79,601

76»47 5 76,648 74,188 7^582 71,150 67,681 72,706

7°>7 65

69,589

73>7°8

75>25z

7°»437

74.210

77»257

82,612

84,252

86,439

88,594

82,514,

102,831

80,851

75,168

81,630

75»534

77.3H

79,660

82,131

86,890

93.573

Montague.

is Geo. Ill

35° Martii

N* III.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of BARK exported from England, from 176410

1771; distinguishing each Year.

QUANTITY.

I Tons. Cwt. qr*. < lb*.

From Christmas 1764 to Christmas 765 4>9°3 2 — _

1766 6,19a 3 —

17^7 5»48i *5 2 —

o\ 00 5>°74 1 — —

1769 5»772 3 — —

1770 5»766 10 — —

1771 6.^5 4 — —

Note. The Inspector General receives no Returns from Scotland, so that this Account is for

England only. Tomkyns, Assistant Inspector General.

CustomHouse, London, nth 1772.

N* IV.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of OAK BARK imported into, and exported from, , and to

and from what Places, from Christmas 176410 Christmas 1771; distinguishing each Year.

Imported from Carolina ---- New England - - - -Virginia and Maryland From Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1765. 1766. 1767- 1768. 1769. 1770. 1771*

Quantity. Quantity. Quantity. Quantity. Quantity, Quantity. Quantity.

Cwt. qr*. lb. 423 3 20 Cwt. qr. lb. 82 0 4 Cwt. qr. lb. m rn m m 017 Cwt. qr. lb. 4 7 12 0 0 Cwt. qr. lb. Cwt. qr. lb. Cwt. q*. lb. 32 2 7

Total - - . 423 3 ao 82 0 4 01 7 1617 - 32 2 7

Exported to Ireland ---- 573 3 0 82 0 4 ——

Note. The Inspector General receives no Returns from Scotland \fo that this Account is for

England only. Jn? Tomkyns, Assistant Inspector General.

Custom House, London, nth March 1772.

VoL* 33* ..... 7 S

6i8

2 5° Martii.

A. 1773.

N3 V.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of TANNED LEATHER exported from England, from Christmas

1764 to Christmas 1771; distinguishing each Year.

QUANTITY.

From Christmas 1764 to Christmas - -1765 i Cwt. 19.372 qrs. I lb. >3

1766 19,491 2 5

*767 i*>532 2 24

1768 12,766 — 22

1769 7.358 — 16

1770 7,811 — S

1771 9,669 — 's

Note. The Inspector General receives no Returns from Scotland, so that this Account is for

England only. 7#* 'Tomkyns, Assistant Inspector General.

Custom House, London, nth 1772.

N* YI.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of manufactured LEATHER exported from England, from

1764 to Christmas 1771} distinguishing each Year.

QUANTITY.

Pounds Weight.

From Christmas 1764 to Christmas - -- - - 1765 3&>>598

1766 303,06a

*767 295,33a

1768 287,251

1769 3*4»*9

1770 297,296

*77* 393,7oS

Note. ThelnfpeAor General receives no Returns from Scotland, so that this Account is for

England only. 7*® Assistant Inspector General-

Custom House, London, nth 1772.

i2 Geo. Ill

250 Mattiu

619

N° VII.

Navy Office, nth March 1772.

An ACCOUNT of the Contrafts, in which a Clause is inserted for Winter-felled TIMBER, for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, for the last Seven Years; prepared pursuant to an Order from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Tanners in and near the City of on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the

Tanners of Great Britain, is referred j viz.

DATE OF CONTRACTS. AT WHAT YARD TO BE DELIVERED. Quantity in Leads*

10th September 1771 - -- -- - Chatham ----- ----- 2,563

13th Ditto - -- Plymouth - - - -- 518

8th November - -- - Ditto - -- - 4,222

13th Ditto - -- Deptford - -- 5°3

16th Ditto - -- Portsmouth - -- 1,011

20th Ditto - -- Plymouth - -- 2,655

29th Ditto - -- - - Deptford ' - -- 448

13th December - -- - Plymouth - -- 349

31st Ditto - -- P ortfmouth ------- 2,344

22 d January 1772 - -- Plymouth - * - -- -- - 1,701

31st Ditto - -- Ditto - -- - 1,074

28th February - -- - Chatham - -- - - -- -- - 732

Any Part of the above Timber may be Winter-felled at the Option of the Contractor, to be delivered upon the Conditions in the following Clause:

" It is agreed. That for such Part of the Oak Timber and Plank as is known by the Purveyor, or such " Person as purveys the fame, to be hereafter felled between the ift December and 15th February inclusive, and shall be marked as Winter-felled by the Person purveying it, I am to be allowed Seven Pounds Five Shillings in the Hundred Pounds, over and above the Prices before mentioned, given for the said " Timber."

No Winter-felled Timber, in consequence of the above Contracts, has yet been delivered into His Majesty’s Yards, nor has any other Contract been made for Winter-felled Timber for Seven Years part.

H. Pallifler, , T. Brett, E. Majon.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Quinton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open laclofore. and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Quinton, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Quinton, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

sLewit’t An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce. dissolve the Marriage of Hugh Lewis with

Hale, otherwise Heale, his now Wife* and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hotham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Vol. 33.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Colleton, Baronet, with Ann Fultford, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and residing in or near the several Roads following, that is to say, the Road leading from the Town of Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, by Lanvi-hangell Crucorney, The Graige, alias Upper Blanellyman, over Skenfreth Bridge, Broad Oak Green, and to the Cross Hands, beyond the New Inn, in the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford to the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford j the Road leading from the Monmouth Turnpike Road, from a Place called The Lower Cross Way, in the Parish of Maughans, through

1 Norton,

Colleton’*

Divorce.

Crickhowell,

See.

Road*.

620

2 Mar Hi, A. r

Burlton

(Salop)

Roads.

Avr

Hat boar*

Norton, to the Town of Groin the County of

Monmouth; and the Road leading from the Monmouth Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, over Broad Oak Green aforesaid, through Garway, Kent Church, Font-trylas, rold, and to Ponttanajl, in the Parish of in the County of Hereford, aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Peter How, being examined, said, That the Roads de-lcribed in the Petition, are very ruinous and dangerous, and in general very deep, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and altering, the Roads leading from Crickhozvell, in the County of Brecon, to the Cross

Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and from a Place called The Lozver Cross Ways, in the Parish of Sajnt

Maughans, to the Town of Grofmount, in the County of Monmouth, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to

tanajl, in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County: And that Mr. Scudamore and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Congreve reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Land Owners, in and near the Villages or Towns of Knockin and Llanymyneck, in the County of Salop, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Bayles, being examined, said, That the Road from Knockin, to the East End of Llandriader Road, and also vthe Road' from that End of Lane, which ad-

joins to the Road from Maejbrook to Llanymyneck, to the Turnpike Road from Llanymyneck to Oswestry, near the Mountain called CoidIJJa-, and also the Road from Oswestry Turnpike Road, near the Wolfe's Head, on Knockin Heath, to the Finger Post, at the East End of Knockin Lane, are narrow and incommodious for Paf-lengers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually widened and kept in Repair, by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymyneck, in the same County, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Knockin, to the East End of the Llandriader Road, and also the Road from the End of Place Carrick Lane, which adjoins to the Road from Maejbrook to Llanymyneck, to the Turnpike Road from Llanymyneck to Oswestry, near the Mountain called Coid IJJa, and the Road from Oswestry Turnpike Road, near the Wolfe's Head on Knockin Heath, to the Finger at the East End of Knockin Lane.

A Bill for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preferring, and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting Docks, Breads, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to N nedy. Sir Alexander Gilm &c.: And they are this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the S Chamber.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, t the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River U Great Oufeborn, to Aldwork, in the County of Y committed; That the Committee had exami Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to and that the Committee had gone through the 1 made several Amendments thereunto; which directed him to report to the House; and he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table

And a Motion being made. That the said F now read;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Comn quainted the House, That His Majesty, having formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concer the House may do therein as they shall think fi

Then the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken ini Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Com whom the Bill for repairing and widening from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in

of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Ch in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said Co committed; That the Committee had exa Allegations of the Bill, and found the same t and that the Committee had gone through th made several Amendments thereunto; whicl directed him to report to the House; an the Report in his Place; and afterwards de Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cler Where the Amendments were Once rgad tl and then a Second Time, One by One; the Question severally put thereupon, were a the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amen ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do make from the Committee, to whom the Bill for et Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sec His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, wi altering, several Roads leading from Taviji mouth, and other Places, in the County of De repairing and widening the Road from the Tavtstock aforesaid, through Matthew Street Street, to Cherry Brook, and to from the Callington Turnpike Road to Mores. New Quay, in the said County, was commit

Sir George Yonge accordingly reported fr Committee, That no Person appeared in E Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free! principal Inhabitants of, or residing near to and Boroughs of Dunheved otherwise Lai Newport, in the County of Cornwall, and the Trustees for putting in Execution an I the 33d Year of the Reign of his late IN George the Second, intituled, An Act fc widening, and keeping in Repair, several I to the Borough of Launceston, in the Cou wall, and also of the Mortgagees of the by the said Act, and also of the Mayoi and Free Burgesses, of the Borough of Cam said County, and also of the Mayor an geffes of the Borough of Bofftnney and Tre* tagel, in the County aforesaid, referred to 1 mittee; and that the Committee had c Allegations of the Bill, and found the fan and that the Committee had gone thro

12 Geo. III. 250 Martii. 621

and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the ' J8ill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by

this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Fjnniy. regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family: And also,

Mjcirtoey’* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vet for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testiment of Janus Macartney, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; without any Amendment:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Discoveries A Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to

*)"&Pole Committee of the whole House, to whom it is

" (Supply) referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Encouragement to be given, for more effectually prosecuting such further Discoveries as may be nude towards the South Pole; .

The Lord ifortk, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of a proper Encouragement to be given, for more effectually prosecuting fqcli Discoveries.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Encouragement to be given for more effectually ptofecuting such further Discoveries as may be made towards the South Pole.

Hamrncring- Lord Broivnlew Bertie reported from the Committee, him to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open fccljfu.-e. Common Fields, in the Parish of Htmmeringham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed v That the Committee I»d examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land in the said FitlJs, to the Amount of 10 s. a Year, who said they would neither meddle nor make; and that the Annual Value of all the Lands intended to be inclosed is £ 248.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made sieve-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; anti then a Second Tim?, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

M.idenhc.’d A Petition of the Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Burgestes, of the Town of otherwise

head, in the County of Berks, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending, forimpower.ng the Pe-, titioners to build a Bridge over the River Thames, near

the present Bridge called Maidenhead; and that,

Vol. 33.

in order to make a convenient Road to the said intended Bridge, the Petitioners are advised, that it will be necessary to purchase certain Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Premises, in the Counties of Berks and Bucks, which, as the Bill now stands, the Petitioners apprehend they are not authorized to do: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such Provision may be made in the said Bill, to enable the Petitioners to purchase such Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Premises, as shall be necessary for completing the said Bridge, and making proper Roads or Avenues to the fame, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vansittart, Mr Whitworth,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are , Sandhnrft thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Torre*, Land, in the Parishes of Sunning Hurst, Wokingham,

Barkham, Binfield, Laurence Waltham, White Waltham,

Warfield, IVinckfield, Easthampjlead, and

Places there adjacent, in the Counties of and

Wilts, or some or one of them, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Occupiers of Land in the said Parishes and places, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill is depending, to authorize the Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, Annually, upon such Quantity of Land, Part of the Waste Lands of the said Manor, as in the said Bill is mentioned, and to felland dispose of such Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern; and alledging, That the said Parishes. are of very considerable Extent, and contain a great Number of Inhabitants, and adjoin, or are near to, the said Manor; and the Petitioners and others. Inhabitants of the said Parishes, for a great Number of Years previous to the Year-1763, were supplied with Turves and Peat for Fuel purchased of the Lord of the said Manor, for the Time being, from the Waste Lands of the said Manor, at a reasonable Rate, which was a great Advantage and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the faicT Parishes and Places, and especially to the Poor, as Coal and Wood for Fuel are sold at a high Rate, and the Quantity of Fuel produced is very insufficient for the necessary Consumption of the Inhabitants; and that, since the Year 1763, when, as the Petitioners have been informed, Daniel Fox and Elizablth Caroline his Wife, Lord of the said Manor, were restrained from cuttingTurves and Peat for Sale, from the Waste Lands of the said Manor, the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Places have been put to considerable Expence and Inconvenience, in purchasing Coal and Wood for Fuel; and that the Petitioners conceive, it will be of great Advantage not only to them, but to all the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parishes, if the Lord of the said Manor, for the Time being, is permitted to cut Turves and Peat, from the Waste Lands of the said Manor, for Sale, as the Inhabitants will not only be thereby in a great Measure relieved from the Inconvenience they have long laboured under, by being again supplied with Turves and Peat for Fuel, and the Price of other Fuel will, by such Sale, as the Petitioners apprehend, be reduced in the said Parishes and Places:

And therefore praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to restrain the Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of , for the Time

7 T being,

6-21 25° — 26° 17

being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon the Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon such Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill is mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Manor, for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern Annually, upon such Quantity of Land as in the said Bill is mentioned, is committed.

Chatham Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Streets, to whom the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, &c* lighting, and watching, the Streets, and Lanes, in the

Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Felons The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Arraignment. ref0ive Rself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effe<3tual proceeding against Persons Handing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for extending the Provisions of the said Bill to His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fieldetook the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fielde reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Comn to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose P are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Propi of Lands in the several Townships of Market IVt and Holme upon Spalding Moor, and other ad Townships or Parishes, in the East Riding c County of York, was referred ;That the Committt examined the Matter of the said Petition; anc directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to to the House; and he read the Report in his and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 1 Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition John Smith, an Engineer, being examined, said, there are several Lands and Grounds, within th Townships or Parishes, which contain about T thousand Acres, and are subject to be overflowee Water, for want of proper Outfalls into the Humber, that if the same were drained and emba and if that Part of the said Drainage, lying be Market Weighton and the River was mac!

vigable, the same would be very advantageous, a public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a II draining and preserving certain Commons, Low Grc and Cars, in the Parish of Market Weighton, and adjacent Parishes, in the East Riding of the Cour York; and for making a Navigable Cut, or C from Market Weighton to the River Anc

Lord George Cavendish, Sir Anthony Abdy, and Lord Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for deepening, cleansing, fcoi preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port gow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and 1 for erecting new Breasts, Jettecs, and Piers, ant regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trc into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the 1 Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the be. An Act for deepening, cleansing, scouring, pre ing, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port for enlarging and improving the Quays and Pien erecting new Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regi ing Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Pur] therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carrj Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jovisy 26° die Martii;

Anno 12° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772. Prayers.

Ure /YRdered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Bndge. \J further Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Ure, from Great to

Aldwork, in the County of York, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration,

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alderman Trecothick presented to the H< according to Order, a Bill to explain, and amend, an made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of I George the Second for enlarging and maintaining Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amenc and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich: And the 1 was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing fei Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the M of Follifoot, in the County of was read the T

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several C Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Town(hi| Follifoot, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bil the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Lay bourn, Robert Lyon, Chrifopker Keld, (gentlemen, being a Committee

poii

12 Geo. III. 26° Martii. 23

pointed by Order of the Trustees empowered to put in Execution the Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, and all'o for building a Bridge across the River Hull, at or near a Place called Nezvland Clow, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the county of ; and alledgins, that, in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, an Act was passed for draining, pre-ierving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Cars, lying within certain Places therein mentioned, in

ness, in the East Riding of the County of York; and that an Act hath since been also passed, to render more effectual the aforesaid Act, wherein Power is given to remove any Obstructions and Impediments whatsoever to the free and open Passage of the Water in the said River, from a Place called Bank to the Bridge

at Kingston upon Hull, called The North Bridge, within which Limits the Bridge mentioned in the said Bill is intended to be erected; which Bridge, the Petitioners apprehend, will be an Obstruction and Impediment to the free and open Passage of the Water in the said River, and in a great Measure render ineffectual the Barrier Banks along the East Side thereof, and other Works erected for completing the Drainage of the said Low Grounds and Cars: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Coun-fel, against such Parts of the said Bill as they apprehend will lb materially affect the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Banks, and the said Low Grounds, and Cars, and that the House will grant such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem meet, and the Necessity of the same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the West End of Clow Lane, in

the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, unto or near Nezvland Clow, on the West Side of the River Hull, and from the of-pofite Bank of the said River, to the South East Comer of the Churchyard Wall in Sutton in and

from thence to or near Salts Gate, adjoining to the Turnpike Road between Kingston upon and in Holderness aforesaid, and from the said South East Corner of Sutton Churchyard Wall, unto and through Low Gate Street, and from thence to the Toll Bar near the Two Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road be- tween Kingston upon Hull and Hedon aforesaid; and also

for building a Bridge across the River at or

near Newland Clow aforesaid, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Christchurch Colonel Luttrell presented to the House, according *° ^r^er* a for paving, cleansing, lighting, watch-tret », c. an(j jugulating, the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Christchurch, in and for re-

moving Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane, as are not within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refol-jed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brtapton Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according tp incl#,l,re- Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Voi. 33.

Lands and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cora- Astrop, mon Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, * Territories, and Precincts, of Astrop, in the Parishes of nc urc‘ King's Sutton and Newbottle, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. A4fc-thuen, Mr. Congreve, tcc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom Kemmoa the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Inclosure. mom Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Kemerton, in the County of Gloucester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of One Yard-Land and an Half in the said Fields, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the said Fields intended to be inclosed contain 36 Yard-Lands in the Whole; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Reynolds reported from the Committee, to whom Loyne the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the R.*ve* Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Navigation. King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called lame, and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Garden shall be taken without the Consent of the Owner.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Selkm'* for naturalizing Henry Francis Sellon, was read the First Nat Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Torapika to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Road*: to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of so carriage*.

much

1

624 26° Martii. A. 1772. I

much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His pi e* sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Hoads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Breadth of the Wheels of Carriages uled upon Turnpike Hoads, and to the Number of Horses allowed to be used therewith and to report their Opinion thereupon to the Hoqle, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Pay Seven-night; resolve itself into the said Committee.

East India Ordered \That there be laid before this House, the

Affairs, proceedings of the Select Committee of Bengal, from May 1765 to the last Advices inclusive.

Ordered \That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Letters written by the Court of India Di-redors, to the Govenor and Council, and Select Committee at Calcutta in Bengal, in the Years 1768, 1769, 1770, 1771, and 1772.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies, or Duplicates, of the General Letters, and Select Committee Letters, from Bengal, dated in the Years 176.7 and 1768; also the Inland Letters received and sent, and the Country or Persian Correspondsnce, as tranl-mitted to the Court of East India Directors, from the Governor and Council, and Select Committee of Calcutta, for the Months of July, September, October, Nomember, and December, 1767, and March, April, May, June, July, August, September, and 1768.

Ordered, That there be iaid before this House, Copies of a Memorial, of the 12th September 1769, as delivered to the Court of Directors, by Two Armenian Merchants, named Gregore Cojamaul and Johannes Padre Rafael; and of a Memorial of Monsieur Chevalier, the French Governor of Chandernagore, in Bengal, to the Governor and Council of Calcutta, respecting the seizing of Silver aboard a French Ship.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings, or Consultations, of the Governor and Council of Calin of the 10th December 1767, as transmitted by them to the Court of East India Directors. '

Ordered, That tliore be laid before this House, Co-. pies of the proceedings of the Committee of Treafvjry and Corrcfpoodence of the Court of East India Directors, for May, June, September, and Qfiober, 1769, and November and December 1770.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Gregory Cojamaul to the E>iredors of the East Iudia Company, dated the 29th February 1772; together with tire Answer thereto, and the Papers and Proceedings referred to in the said Answer.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Annual Account of Affairs of the East India Company, made up to Midsummer last; also an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments of Cash by the said Company to Midsummer next; together with the lad; general

Advices from the different Presidencies in

Hanckwitz* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

ivorce. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of AmbroJ'e-Godfrey Hanckwitz, with Dorothy Ashcroft, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Sir Joseph Maiybey reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Couhfel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill { and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Corffontiaai. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Admission of Freemen into Corporations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr,

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny, for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and *c-Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing AmeriC1' Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, ia His Majesty’s Dominions in America; without any Amendment.

And then the Messenger withdrew.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Ackworth to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open l"«lofare. Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, and a Stinted Pasture, called The Cow Fajlure, in the Parish of Achworth, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Sattdhnrft Report from the Committee, to whom the bill to Tarvei, ice. restrain the Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, for the Time being, from cutting Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, growing upon thq Waste Lands within the said Manor, except upon fuel)

Quantity of Land in each Year as in the said Bill i| mentioned; and to authorize the Lord of the said Maaof for the Time being, to cut Turves, Peat, Heath, and Fern, Annually, upon such Quantity of Land as ii> the said Bill is mentioned, was committed;

Mr., Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Content fq the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and makq several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to repeat to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thq Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bijl were called

in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Tenants of the Manor of Sandhurst, within His Majesty’s Forest of

Windsor, in the County of Berks, on Behalf of them- ' selves and others; and also, the Petition of Richard Willis, Esquire, Devisee in Trust of the Real Estates of Daniel Rich, Esquire, deceased, against the Bill; and also, the Petitions of the several Persons, whufe Names are thereunto fubfoiibfed, being Owners or Occupiers of Land, in the Parishes of Sunning,

Barkham, Binfield, Warfield, Winckfield, and Finchampstead, in the CouDtics of Berks and Wilts,

or some or one of them, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Land in the said. Pa-rithes, which were presented to the Haute upon thq 11 th Day of this Inlhint March; and also* the Petition

n Geo. III. 26° — 27° Martii.

of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Land, in the Parishes of Suniting, Hnrfi, Bark ham.

field, Lawrence Waltham, White Warfield,

Winckfield, Eajihampstead, Finchampstead, and Places

there adjacent, in the Counties of Berks and of

some or One of them, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Land in the said Pari (hes and Places, which was Yesterday presented to the House, in Favour of the said Bill, were also read.

And the CounfeL for the Petitioners against the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and examined {everal Witnesses, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill was heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

SLord Frederick Camp-1

bell, > 16.

Mr. William Burke: J

Tellers for the Noes, \: } *8'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Felons whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Amiimm*. proceeding against Persons (landing mute.on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy, was committed, be re* ceived Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vener'tSy 270 die;

Anno 12* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772.

Praters.

THE House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, Exchequer;

from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he Stamp was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Duties, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the several Stamp Duties granted by the Acts 3 2d George the Second, and 2d and 5th George the Third, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wales, for Four Years, ended the 5th Day of January 1772; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the several Stamp Duties, granted by the Acts 32* Georgii ztl, and 2’ and 5' Georgii 3'", for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wales for Four Years, ended the 5th Day of January 1772, distinguishing each Year.

Net Produce of the Stamp Duties granted by the Act 32® Georgii R*, for the Year ended the 5th Day of January -Ditto ——

Ditto

Ditto

Net Produce of the Stamp Duties granted by the Act 2® Georgii 3 for the Year ended the 5th Day of January Ditto ——

Ditto ——

Ditto ——

tii

Net Produce of the Stamp Duties granted by the Act 5® Georgii 3*u R*, for the Year ended the 3th Day of January -Ditto ——

Ditto ——

Ditto ——

Exchequer, the 27th Day of March 1772.

Yot-33.

7U

1769 1770 1771 1772 £ s- d. 7,348 10 3 7.738 4 5 8,357 16 8,742 18 10

1769 287 14 1

1770 366 4 10

1771 370 1 5

1772 397 *3 1

2769 627 1 2

1770 798 19 2

1771 824 9 0

177a 848 4 5

£m s

32,18710

'3.098 T$ £.36,707 17

d.

7

S

9

9

John Hughfon.

27° Ma

1772.

Hammering*

ham

Inclosure.

Loyne

Raver

Navigation.

Jones’s

Eilatcs.

Heath

indofure.

Ordered, That t’L6 fiiid Acioufit do lit upost the Table, to be perused by the Membefs of the iloufe.

Ah ingroted Bill for dividing htid inclosing thfe Open Common Fields, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and mcldfing the Ojleh Common-Fields, in the Parish of Hammerih in th'e County of Lincoln.

- Ordered-, That Lord -Bromdow Settle do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to ejtfplain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyite^ othferwife caHed and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of , in

the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in die Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigat ion of the Fiver Loyne, otherwise called, Lune, and for ‘building a Quay, or Wharf, near ‘the Town of in ‘the County Palatine of

Ordered, That 'Mr. 'Reynolds do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bril from the Lords; intituled, An Act for granting to William Jones, Esquire, on certain Contingencies therein mentioned, a Term for Ninefy-riine Years, if he shall so long live, in the Real dilates late of William Jones, Elqiiire, deceased, in the feverhl Counties of Wilts and Berks, upon such Terms as are therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, "Sir jams Long, Zee.: And They are To Tricef 'this' Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of William Fermo Esquire, was prefehted

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is 'deperidircg in the House, for'dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Comfnon and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Heath, otherwise Hethe, in the County of Oxford; and that the Petitioner is Proprietor of several Lands and Grounds within the said Manor and Parish, and of certain Lands, reputed to be Twelve Yard Lands, titheable by the Rector of the said Parish, and lying in the Fields and Parish of Cottisford-,a.nd the ftedtOr of the Rectory and -Parish Church of Heath, otherwise Hethe, ih Right of his said Rectory, is intitled to One Acre Of Glebe Land, within the said Pari ill of Cottisford-, and (She ’Petitioner is also Entitled to a certain inclosed Heath, Or Parcel of Land, called Court-field, othCfWife Chttfsfield,~in the said Parish of Cottis-

ford, consisting, by Estimation, of 75 Acres, upon which the Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the said Parish, have Right of‘Coibmon at certain Times of the Year; and that itVoifld be for the Advantage of the Petitioner, and the" said Rector, if the ikid Twelve Yard Lands were exonerated from Tithes, and the said Acre of Glebe Land wris vested in the Petitioner, and a'Gom-pensation made to the said Rector, out of the Lands of the Petitioner, in the said Manor of Heath; and that it is agreed, between the Petitioner, and the Persons having a Right of Corrimon upon the said Heath, called Couttfield, that all "Right of Common shall be extinguished, upon Chnsideration of the Petitioner’s paying a certain yeafly'SUm, for the Use of the Poor of the TaidTarish oVHeath, which would be for the Benefit of all the Parties concerned-! Arid‘therefore praying, That z

Provision may be made in the said Bill, fof thePuf* polls aforesaid.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlettitfi, who are appointed to prepare, and bring tri, a Bill, put* fuarit to the Prayer of the Petition of Fiennes TrdttkM,

Esquire, Lord of the Maiiot of Heath, Otherwise Httke,

in the County of Oxford, George Lamb, Clerk, Rector

uf the Parish Church of Heath, otherwise He'ht, afore- I

set'd, John Daglly arid John Bttylis, ift Behalf of thfcfn-

selves and others, the Proprietors of Lands, and other

Properties in the Open and Comthbh Fields of Heath,

Othertvife Hethe, aforesaid, that they do ittake Provision in the said Bill, parfu&irt to thfe Prayer of the said Petition of William Fermor, Esquire.

Ah ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hanckwit*’ to distbtve the Matriage of Ambrose Godfrey fhittck’ndtz, ^lv0Ite-with Dorothy Ashcroft, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purpc/fes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do past.

Ordered, That Sir. Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath 'agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Uninclosed Parcels of Arable ana Pasture Grounds, indoforc. Cpm&ion and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Much Wcnfdck, otherwise Wenlock Magna, otherwise Great Wenldck, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, TjTaf the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this ‘Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ’

The House was moved. That the Petition of Hollatid Cafoej Cookfey, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon ujjJ^ The '29'fh Cay of February last, and Then ordered To lie Canal upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall -appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Martin, Mr. Ward, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at -Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Traders, Manufacturers, Dirt®, and Inhabitants, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Petition of Holland Cookfey,; -and sett-iqg -forth.

That the opening such a safe, certain, and expeditious Conveyance of Goods of all Kinds, to and from the several Counties adjoining to the said River, as prayed for in the said Petition, will be of public Utility, wou&i contribute to lowering the high Price of Provisions, and-greatly promote the Trade, Arts, and Manufactories, of this City.

A Petition of the Landholders, Occupiers of Milk, Ditto. Farmers, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Colnbrooke, and divers Parishes adjacent, in the County of Bucks, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Petition of MolUmd Cookfey, Esquire, and praying. That Leave may be given, to bring in a Bill, as prayed for by the said Petition; -and that the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ord£red-4o be referred to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Kcftettoo and Common Fields, and -Commonable Lands, -within Infofac. the Parish of Kemerton, in The County of-Glouciifier, was read the Third Time.

jRefihOedr

i2 Geo. III. 270 Martii. 627

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Pari lb of Kemerton, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

kamfey, A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors

I>r»iaa certa'n called Fen, the next

a£c- IVimblington Green, and the Low Lands of Appleiorougk, in the Parish of Doddington, and Hamlet of within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramfeyt the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, and Chatteris,

within the Isle'of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road, from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter’s Bridge, by L>rain, called Vermuydens, or the Forty Fed Drain, to

a Bridge, called the Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish -ft-amfeyj and setting forth. That the said Lands, called Coiteyzvood Fen, the Doles next IVimblington Green, and the Low Lands of Appleborough, in the Parish of DoeJcJinrtcn, and Hamlet of IVimblington, are subject to be overflowed, to the great Prejudice of the Estates of the petitioners; and that, if Provision was made in the said Bill, for draining and preserving the said Lands, it would be of great Benefit to the Parties interested: Anti therefore praying. That Provision may be made it* the said Bill, for draining and preserving the said Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wildbore, Sir Samp/on Gideon, Sec.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tfcosford An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Hoad, from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish t>f Dunsford, in the County of ,to Cherry Brook, in

-the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County, was read the -Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir George Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tarirtock An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers to of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present >X°c"th‘ Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, Roads, several Roads leading from to Plymouth, and

other Places, in the county of ; and for re-

pairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in

Tavi/lockaforesaid, through Matthew Street and Brook

Street, to Cherry Brook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the CallingtonTurnpike Road to and

Nezv Quay, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the 1’crm and Powers of an -Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s -Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading from Tavi/lock to Plymouth, and other -Places, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and -widening the Road from the Guildhall in aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to

Vol. 33.

Cherry Brook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and Nezv Qftay, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir George Yongi do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

4

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fgr the House Corporations, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Admission of Freemen into Corporations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into th said Committee.!.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Tozvnshend, Junior, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the dime.

Ordered, That the Repoyt be received ppon Monfay Morning next.

A Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers and Autho- Btnniwdrth rities given to George Fiefchi Heritage, Esquire, by. an Inclosure Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His pre- Amendment, sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Benniwor/h, in the County of coin, to charge certain Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, of which he is now strict Tenant for Life, with a certain Sum of Money, for reimbursing to him the Expences which he has been at in the inclosing the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord lozv Bertie, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Offices qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to £mpjQy^ientl indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions Have been omitted to pe damped, according to Law, or, having been stampeq, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read ,a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TncfJay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed for executing Solyhnli, several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from ,&c. Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and through koad. the Borough of Warwick, to the utmost Limits of the said County upon Edgehill, and of Persons who have considerable Sums of Money due to them on the Credit of the said Acts, and the Tolls arising on the said Road, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and near the said Borough and Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for repairing and widening the Road from the

Turnpike

62 8

2j° Martii. A. 1772.

Turnpike Road near Solyin the County of Warwick (leading towards Warwick) to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, there uniting to the Road leading from the City of Coventry, to Warwick aforesaid, and from a Place called Stone Bridge, through and Brad-

nock's Marsh, to unite to the Road leading from Solyhull to Kenilworth, on Ba/fall Common, in the said County of

Warwick; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pal's into a law as it now Hands, it will be highly injurious to the l'everal Persons who have lent Money on the Credit of the said Acts, and to the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Warwick, and the several Towns and Villages situate on the said Road, leading from Birmingham to And therefore

praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against that Part of the said Bill as relates to the repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near Solyhull aforesaid, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solyhull, to the Guide Polls in Kenilworth;

and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balfall Common, in the County of , is committed;

and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. ‘

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Oak Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectually fe-

Timber. curing sufficient Quantities of Oak Timber, for the use of the Royal Navy, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.:

Ockbrook Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee,

Inclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosrng several Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of , in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about Three ^Acres and Two Roods of Land, and Three Cattle Gates; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 700 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Number of Cattle Gates is 134; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Spum Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Lighthouses. tf,e Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond; and also, the Petition of Leonard , of

Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York, Esquire; and ailo, the Petition of John Angell, of Stockwell, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the first mentioned Petition (no Person appearing in Behalf of the Two last mentioned Petitions) and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses, Rinding near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Lighthouses instead thereof, was read: And,

Mr. William Hammond, being examined, said. That pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, Mr. son has taken down the old Lighthouses at the Spur* Point, and built temporary Lights at his own Expence, to the Amount of about £. 600; which Lights are now kept burning: And,

Mr. Charles Wyldbore, chief Clerk to the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, being examined, said, that the Elti-mate for building the temporary Lights was —

That Application had been made to the Trinity House by Mr. Thompjvn, to take the Lighthouses under their Care, which they contented to do, and had proceeded to erect Two new ones, according to a Plan made by Mr. Smeaton, which he produced to the Committee, and entered into a Contraft with Mr. Taylor, an Architect, which was also produced, for building the same according to an Estimate given in by him, amounting to £.3,300; and that they had appointed the said Mr. Smeaton Surveyor of the Works, with a Salary of co per Ann.; and he further laid, That the Trinity House have already expended upwards of £. 1,000 on and about the said Lighthouses: Then,

Mr. William Taylor, the Person contracted with, informed your Committee, That he had begun to execute his Contraft, and had completed the Foundation of One of the Lighthouses, and provided Materials for the other: That he has been very frequently obstructed in carrying on the Works by Mr. Angell'% Agents, was compelled to quit the House lent him by Mr.

and was served with a Writ on the 13th of last June, at the Suit of the said Mr. An; the Consequence of which was, intimidating a great many of his People — That Mr. Worth, Agent for Mr. Angell, told him, he was going to erect Lights there himself, and in last discharged the Witness’s People from working; telling them, they should be prosecuted with the utmost Severity for a Trespass; and said, He had Directions from Mr. Angell to destroy them and their Works: — That he repeatedly interrupted the Workmen, compelled them to lay down their Burthens, and threw the Materials about — That he inveigled away the Witness’s Men, by ottering double Wages, and threatened the Witness so far, as to make it necessary for him to keep a Guard Night and Day, and several of his Workmen left him — That Mr. Worth hired or 13 People, and began to dig on the Spot where the Witness meant to erect the High Light — That the Witness and his People watched their Motions, and kept themselves on their Defence, and desired him to desist — That Mr. Worth told him he should not live long on the Spurn Point-, but on being asked, if he meant to shoot the Witness, he gave no Answer: — That the Witness then applied to the Justices of the Peace, who granted an Order for Mr. Worth's Appearance at Beverley Sefixons, to which he was bound, but did not appear — and that the Matter has since been removed by Certiorari into the King’s Bench, but nothing has been done upon it; Arfti the Witness concluded his Evidence with saying, that the abovementioned Obstructions were the Caules why the Works did not go on so expeditiously as they ought to have done.

Upon his cross Examination, he was asked, Whether he had ever seen Mr. Worth before he met him on the Spurn Point, or whether he knew, of his having any Connections in that Neighbourhood ? To which he an* fwered. That he did not know that he had any Connections there: — That he told him he lived in,

and

i 2 Geo. III.

2 70 Mar tit.

629

and was a Gentleman of independant Fortune of £.

per Am.

Being a Iked, If he was afraid of Mr. Worth ? he said. He was not; but that he disturbed the Witness and his People, by employing superior Numbers of Men, who acted entirely under his Directions. — And being asked.

If Mr. Worth'% People were employed in digging? he said. Yes; but that they declared, that was not the only Purpose for which they were hired, being also employed to pull down the House the Witness lived in, and which belonged to Mr. Conjfable.'

Being asked, If he had ever held any Conversation with Mr. Worthy with regard to who he was? he said. That Mr. Vaughan, Bailiff* to Mr. Confable, and an old Acquaintance of Mr. Worts, asked him in the Hearing of the Witness, If he did not expect to have the Light-houses himself? to which he seemed to acquiesce: — T7iat the Witness told him, he had heard, he was a natural Son of Mr.' Angell'%; upon which he smiled, and afterwards said, That Mrs. and himself always did

Mr. Angell'%Business, sometimes consulting him.

Mr. WyldbotCy being again examined, said, That Mr.

ZF~orth always appeared at the Trinity House as Mr. s

r>rincipal Agent. ' "

Thomas Wiley, being examined, said, He had been employed by Mr. Taylor as a Carter; and confirmed the ILvidence given by Mr. , relative to the Obllruc-X ions given to the Witness and others, in carrying'On the W orks: And,

Thomas Bird, being examined, said. He had been employed by the said Mr. Worth, to assist him in pulling down the House where Mr. Taylor lived. *

Mr. Hammond then said, Mr. Angell had appointed C^olledtors, who had received the Duties: And,

Mr.....Huntington, being examined, said. He has

"fenown the Lights often in want of Coals — that they were sent to them by Land Carriage Iaft Winter, because the Stock was exhausted — that Mr. Angell ought to (up1 ply the Coals; and that the Want of them was owing to his Neglect.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses, now (landing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Lighthouses instead thereof: And that Mr. Lafcetles, Sir George Savile, Mr. Weddell, and Lord Robert Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Would A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the

Kewton Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed nc o ure. Q10uncjSj within the Town ship of Wiuld Nnvton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lafeelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Keyingham A Bill for draining the Low Grounds and Cars, lying (Holderiefs) the fCVeral Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Drainage. high cm, Keyingham Marsh, and

tuick, and Skcckling, Burton Pidfea, and Ridgmont, Ot-tringham, Halsham, Owjhvick, Roofs, Rimfwell, Tunstall, Waxholm, E/jlernwick, Humbkton, Fitting, Hil-. flon, Garton, Aldbrough, Flint on, and Tanflerne, within the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lafeelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Old Street Sir Richard Glynn reported from the Committee, to (Middlesex) wj, om ^he Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Vol. 33.

Second, for repairing and widening Street Road, in the Parities of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shote'ditch, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of th? Bill, ,. , and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made, several Amend-, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to port to the House; and he read the Report in his fl^ce; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wheres the Report vya$ re*L And the House being informed,;,that (bme other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said . Bill j Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. - ] '

Resolved, That the said Bill here-committed, to the

Committee to whom the same was committed- jr/f"

- j . *. r i i*

Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee, Richmond to-whoiq the Bill for completing a Building intended (Lancaster) for a new Church, or Chapel, at Richmond, near Evuy- UIC ‘ ton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for othw,

Purposes, was committed; That/ the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ^nd found the same to be true; and that the: Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,;^ at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments;\yemPfoce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One> and, upon the Question severally put thereupon yvere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill to enable His Majesty to giant cer- Brown’* tain Houses, in Fenchurch Street and Addle Street, in the ^cheated

City of London, escheated to the Crown, By the Death of Lieutenant General John Brown, without Heir, untp Frederick Montagu, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the Trusts therein mentioned, was read. the Third Time.

-The Amendment following was ppoposed to be made to the Bill; viz. , y

Pr. 1. I.27. After* wanting," to.infer t of.’’ ,;

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill . was amended at the Table accordingly.' -

Resolved, That the Bill \do pass: And that the Tijtj^e be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses, in Fenchurch Street and Addle Street, in the City of London, escheated to the Crown, by the Death of Lieutenant General John Brown, without Heir, unto Frederick Montagu, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a Kemble Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes Kemble Ansi ore* Pool, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddock, Mr. Skiptvith, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber!

An ingrafted Bill for the better Regulation of Carters, Carter*, Carriages, loaded Horses, Pedlars, Tinkers, and Petty &c-Chapmen; and for filling up or inclosing Coal and other Scotland. Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nuisances within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, loaded Horses, Pedlars, Tinkers, and Petty Chapmen; and for filling up or inclosing Coal and other Pits and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nliilances within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

7 X Ordered,

Stuart’s Fee Farm Rent.

St. Nicholas (Warwick) Inclosure.

Foxley

Charity

Army

Savings.

37® Martii.

A. 1772.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the honourable James Archibald Stuart, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Alexander Gilmour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

-- Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee, That be was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

: Sir Alexander Gilmour accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion or Remainder in Fee Simple, now vested in His Majesty, of, and in, an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of One hundred and Thirteen Pounds, One of the several Fee Farm Rents granted to the Right honourable Edward, heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, untb the hortourable James Archibald Stuart and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Confederation to be given by hitA or his Heirs for the fame.

And Sir Alexander. Gilmour moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion or Remainder in Fee Simple, now vested in His Majesty, of, and in, an Annual or Fee Farm Rent, of One hundred and Thirteen Pounds, One of the several Fee Farm Rents granted to the Right honourable Edward, heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, unto the honourable James Archibald Stuart and his Heirs, upon a’full and adequate Consideration to be given by him or his Heirs for the fame: And that Sir Alexander Gilmour apd Sir Gilbert Elliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, was committed, be received upon Monday Sevennight, the 6th Day of April next.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley Charity, in the County of Northfounded by Lady

Catharine Leveson, was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had oven their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an' Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 30. Leave out " they," and insert " the " Trustees for the Time being."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Savings, upon the Sum voted for the Pay

of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1771; and also, of the Savings upon the Sum of £. 73,545, voted in the Account of Extraordinaries, in the Year 1770, for Levy Money for the said Augmentation.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Savings, on several Sums voted for the Pay of Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines, from the 23th of June 1737 to the 24th of December 1768.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Dock cording to Order, a Bill for the better securing and Ytrd‘* preserving His Majesty’s Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to s . the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re- pp ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and of the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and of the Great Sessions for the Counties in.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Augment tation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and of the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon African the nth Day of this Instant March, "That Leave be Company. " given to bring in a Bill to prevent fraudulent Ad-" millions into the Company of Merchants, for extend -" ing and improving the Trade to Africa," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Election of Committee Men for managing the Affairs of the African Company: And that Sir William Meredith, the Lord Clare, Mr. Alderman 2Ve-

cothick.

Ad

12 Geo. III.

cot kick, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Ridley, Mr. and

Mr. Pennant, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

'jonnuMnt Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is ~lofuji. concerned in the Bill for inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parities of Kemble and Pool, in the county of ; which Bill was this Day read a Second Time and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-font, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Weltoa, Notice being taken. That his Majesty’s Interest is t0J^ concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Town fli ip of Welton, in the East Riding of the County 2^~ork; which Bill was, upon Taft, read a Se-

cond Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in-iormed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-ient, as far as His Majesty’s Interest' is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

The other Orders of the Day being read; J^eefolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mora-ai ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole LToxxfe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raift ‘ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

JLefolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se--yennight, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole fSort^t]e^ House, upon the Bill to enable Their Majesties to enfranchise Copyhold Estates, holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Surrey,

2 70 — 3 o° Marti*

6 31

Welton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according w«m*|wb to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and vary the Ro^ Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the lift Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton District of Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, that the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Ockbrook Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, Common and Waste *"closure* Grounds, within the Liberties of Ockbrook, in the County of j Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Ockbrook, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the better paving, cleansing, Chatham lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes, in the Street. Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent j and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes, in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Admiral Pye do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

-jainat Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Se-j£»,ws. venmght, the 8th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to Capital Offences , and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Felons Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Arraignment, whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual proceeding against Persons Handing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luneej 30®;

Anno 12* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers,

A BILL for dividing and inclosing certain Open i* Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Lordship of West Halton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, ®re* Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of

Vol. 33.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, reported from the Commit- Frome tee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Pow- Rogers of an Act, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Ho.use was moved. That the Order, made upon $t. the Third Day of this Instant March, " That Leave be. Martin given to bnng in a Bill toamend an Act of the Tenth in dw Fields " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for build- Wor"ou‘,ring a Workhouse, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the " Fields, within the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and for better Employment of the Poor of the said Parish," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, Thattbe said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Workhouse, in the Parish

6$2 - 3°° Ma.-.-A..1.772.

rish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City of Westminster, in the county of : And that the

Earl Percy and Sir Robert Bernard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ditto. TJje Earl Percy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Work-house, irl the Parish of Saint Martin In the Fields, within the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received ;-and read the First Time.

Resolved, That' the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wilson’» An ingrossed Bill from the I/jrds, intituled, An Act Marriage for annulling and making void certain Articles of ement*. Agreement, made previous and in order to the Marriage of George Wilson, Esquire, and Ann Sybelle, his now Wife, and the Settlement made after1 their Marriage, in pursuance of the said Articles, in Confirmation of a Decree and Order of the High Court of Chancery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Watren, &c. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made. That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, have Leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning; 1 !

And the House being informed, that a Person attended at the Door, who could give Information to the House, touching the dangerous State of Health of one of the Parties interested in the said Bill;

He was called in, and, at the Bar, examined in relation thereto.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

St. Neot’* Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, (Eynefbury) to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road. from the West End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of St. Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Urc An injgrossed Bill for building a Bridge cross the

Bridge. Biver lire, from Great Oufeborn to Aldwork, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 12. After " Assigns" to insert "or any of " them, together with such Costs " and Charges as such Commission-tf ers, or any Five or more of them, " shall in such their Warrant direct, " rendering to the said John " son, his Heirs or Assigns."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge cross the Rivrr Ure, from Great Oufeborn to in the County of York.

Ordered, that Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voicei: Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, and widen- ^J*11 ing the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Polls in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge to meet the aforesaid Road on Balfa\ Common^ t in the County of Warwick, is committed.

Mr. Edward Lafcdies, reported from the Committee, sigMhome to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclosure. Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Town-thip of Siglejlhorne, \x\Holder ness,\n the East Riding of the County of York, was- committed^ -That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the' Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments: be ingrossed.

V j I

Ordered, That Mf. Speaker do issue his Warrant to' Eift Loo the Clerk of the Crown, ta make out a new Writ fof the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Loo, in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of Richard Leigh, Esquire* deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Milborne the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament New nU for the Borough of Milborne in the County of Somerset, in the Room of the Right honourable Robert

Earl of Gatherlough, in the Kingdom of deceased.

Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, to whom Ramsey, the Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of *Cl certain Lands, called Coneywobd Fen, the Doles next Drain*g«. Wimblington Green, and the Low Lauds of,

in the Parish of Doddingten, and Hamlet of,

within the Isle of Ely, in the county of ,

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Moor, being examined, said. That the said Lands are subject to be overflown; and that the draining thereof would be of great Benefit to the Parties interested.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, Martli, Benwick, and,

within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter'% Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden %, or the Forty Feet , to a Bridge called the Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Lands, called Coneywood Feti, within the said Isle of Ely.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Barly-Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- diorpe doling the Open and Common Fields, Commons, lnc, ol"re* and Common Grounds, within the Hamlet of -

lythorpe.

i a Geo. III. 30° Martii. 633

Tythorpe, in the Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland, was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thena Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hohfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be i-ngrossed.

Sir George Tonge presented to the House, according to Order, Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An -Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that ^art of Great Britain called England: And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon fVednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Francis was read a Second

'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

dr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-t>er.

Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual. Two several Acts, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of A under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to j Brook,

in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mathew

thto’

Album, See. Stoad s.

monable Lands, within the Parish of Thorpe Achurch, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Blocklcy, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Common inciofure

Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Township of Blackley, and Hamlets of Draycot and Paxford, in the Parish of Blackley, and County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tp Mr. Dowdeswell Sir William Bagot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and Christchurch regulating, the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes Alleys, (Middlesex.) and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish StreeU* of Christchurch in Middlesex; and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Osborn, Colonel Luttrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Foxley for establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley Charity. Charity, in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Catherine Leveson, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, Heath acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been Incoure* informed of the Contents of the Petition of Fie mis eIrotman, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Heath otherwise Hethe, in the County of Oxford, George Lamb, Clerk,

Rector of the Parish Church of Heath otherwise Hethe aforesaid, John Dagley, and John Baylis, in Behalf of themselves and others, the Proprietors of Lands and other Properties in the Open and Common Fields of Heath otherwise Hethe aforesaid; which was presented to the House upon Tuesday the 25th Day of February last, and a Bill ordered to be brought in pursuant to the Prayer thereof; gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Corparation* Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Admission of Freemen into Corporations, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thena Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Thorpe Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according Achurch to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open lnciorerc. Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and other Cotn-VOL.33.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the 0 ure‘ Common Fen, Common Marsh, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Sutterton, in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was, upon Friday the 20th Day of this Instant March, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, hat the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the thome several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the *nc*°^ure-Township of Siglefthorne, in Holdernefi, in the East Riding of the County of York; which Bill was this Day

7 Y reported

<*34

30° Martiu A. 1772.

reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they lb all think fit.

African Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Company. Account of the Number of Freemen of the African Company, admitted to their Freedom in the City of Londctti since the Year I 749.

H*ath The Lord Wenmanpresented to the House, according Inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Heath otherwise Hethe, in the County of Oxford; and for exonerating certain Lands belonging to William Fermor, Esquire from Tythes and Right of Common: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bury St. Edmund’s Sic. Road.

Middle

Raisin

Inclosure.

Militia.

Bishopgate

(London)

Poor.

Great

Yarmouth

Haven.

Epwell

Inclosure.

Great

Fairingdon

Inclosure.

Cavenham

Inclosure.

Collier's

Divorce,

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund’s, to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of and

Cambridge, and from the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County of Suffolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Moors, and Common Pastures, in the Lordship of Middle Raisin, in the County of Linc ;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1772; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual assessing and collecting of the Rates for Relief of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Botolph Bishopgate, in the Liberties of the City of

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Epzveli, in the County of Oxford,

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fordividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Meadow Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to diflolvc the Marriage of George Collier, Esquire, with 8

Chrifiiand Gwyn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Boufquet -, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising out of the Estates late of Ann Nugent, deceased, the Sum of £. 10,000. for the Benefit of the Right honourable Robert Craggs, Lord Viscount Clare, in the Kingdom of Ireland, her late Husband; and for railing out of the Estates late of Elizabeth Eliot, deceased, the like Sum of £. 10,000, for the Benefit of Edward Eliot, Esquire, in Recompence and Satisfaction to the said Robert Lord Viscount Clare and Edward Eliot, for their severally consenting to give up and relinquish certain Powers of leafing for Lives, or Years determinable on Lives, reserved to them respectively in and by the several last Wills of them the said Ann Nugent and Elizabeth Eliot, and the Settlements which have been made in pursuance thereof; and for vacating, annulling, and extinguishing, the said Powers of leafing; and for other the Purposes therein expressed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising out of the Estates late of Ann Nugent, deceased, the Sum of £. 10,000 for the Benefit of the Right honourable Robert Craggs, Lord Viscount in the Kingdom of Ireland, her late Husband; and for raising out of the Estates late of Elizabeth Eliot, deceased, the like Sum of £. 10,000, for the Benefit of Edward Eliot, Esquire, in Recompence and Satisfaction to the said Robert Lord Viscount Clare and Edward'Eliot, for their severally eonfenting to give up and relinquish certain Powers of leafing for Lives, or Years determinable on Lives, reserved to them respectively in and by the several last Wills of them the said Ann Nugent and Elizabeth Eliot, and the Settlements which have been made in pursuance thereof; and for vacating, annulling, and extinguishing, the said Powers of leafing; and for other the Purposes therein expressed; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Collier, Esquire, with Chrifiiana Gwyn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Arms, irt Hockliffe aforesaid; and also for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horses, to the Bull Inn, in Dunstable aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to th* House; and he read the Report in his Place; an<| afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments!! in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill

Boufquet i Nat.

Nugent’s, & c Estates,

Ditto.

Collier’.

Divorce.

Dunstable,

&c.

Roads.

12 Geo. III. 30 0 Mart635

Brampton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open nctofwc. an(j Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley, Mr. Lowndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

U htb Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley be added to the Gentle- men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill

to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses now Handing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Lighthouses instead thereof.

Ditto. Mr. Cholmley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses now {landing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Lighthouses instead thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

XLefol-ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ackwortl, -A- Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common tie. Commons, and Waste Lands, and a Stinted

lndofure. pafkure, called The Cow Pasture, in the Parish of Ack-worth, in the County of York; was read a Second Tione.

f^efolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Freehold and Copyhold Tenants and Inhabitants within the Manor of Richmond, in the Tnfr»f>chl^e~ County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and oicow* read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable Their Majesty’s to enfranchise Copyhold Estates holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, in order, as the Petitioners apprehend, to make Improvements within the said Manor; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive the Grounds belonging to Their Majesties within the said Manor might be greatly improved, if the Footpath or Lane leading from Richmond Green to the River ’Thames was (hut up and di(-continued, which will be of no Inconvenience to the Petitioners, as there is another Footpath leading from the said Green down Palace Lane to the River Thames, and along the Banks thereof, to Two Foot Ferries belonging to His Majesty, one called Railhead Ferry, and the other Isleworth Church Ferry; and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe. Their Majesties are willing to amend the said Palace Lane, and raise the Banks of the said River to the said Ferries in such Manner as that the same shall be passable at all Times, in case the said Lane which divides the Ground before-mentioned shall be {hut up and discontinued: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ambler, Mr. Onslow, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

(.l_^r, Tn A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Merchants, «rpool.) an(j other Inhabitants, of the Town of Liverpool, in the Vot. 33.

County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn, which, the Petitioners conceive, might in Ibme Degree be remedied, if the Importation thereof from America was permitted: And therefore praying. That a Bill for that Purpose may be brought in, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for completing a Building intended Richmond for a new Church, or Chapel, at Richmond, near Ever-ton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other new Wlur"u Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for completing a Building intended for a new Church, or Chapel, at Richmond, near Everton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster j and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Meredith presented to the House, accord- African ing to Order, a Bill for regulating the Election of Com- Company, mittee Men, for managing the Affairs of the African Company: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a East India Copy of a Bye Law, made by the General Court of Company Proprietors of East India Stock, on Wednesday the 18th (S^PO* of this Instant March, respecting the Building of Ships to be employed by the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the lash Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Ditto, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the several Stamp Duties granted by the Acts Thirty-second George the Second, and Second and Fifth George the Third, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wales, for Four Years, ending the Fifth Day af January 1772; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

<5$ 6 3o° — 3i

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have lyeave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confides further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

3talt India Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Company. better Regulation of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of their Servants in India, and for the due Administration of Justice in Bengal: And that Mr. Sulivan, Sir James Cockburn Mr. Mr. Gregory,

Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Boulton, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Richmond Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, Bridge. for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond aforesaid to William Windham, Esquire, in Fee Simple, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read j freehold Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-£* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make Freehold and Copyhold, and Customary Freehold, Estates, Assets for Payment of Simple Contract Debts.

0 Mar Hi, A. 1772.

Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of , and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and , is committed.

Mr. Crowle reported from the Committee, to whom wilWi the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mairiijre for annulling and making void certain Articles of Agree- ArucIw-ment, made previous and in order to the Marriage of George Wilson, Esquire, and Ann Sybelle, his now Wife, and the Settlement made after their Marriage, in pursuance of the said Articles, in Confirmation of a Decree and Order of the High Court of Chancer)', was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crowle do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Prom* of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Means. Morning next, resolve itself into1 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Felons Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of imignment. jjie wf10le House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual proceeding against Persons Handing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effec- Mandwfter tual. Two several Acts for repairing the Roads leading throagh from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish pn„ifi of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual. Two several Acts for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Martis^ 31* Martii;

Anno 12® Georgii III'U Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Voices: ffiRdered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-

Birmingham v/ mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Wednet&iTv Powera of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Sec. ’ Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Roads. Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, ton Place called High Bullett, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton do carry to the Riehmewi Lords the ingrossed Bill for completing a Building intended for a new Church, or Chapel, at Richmond, near Everton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and for other Purposes; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and iiicloling the Open BaHythorpe, and Common Fields, Commons, and Common Grounds, «c.

within the Hamlet of Barlythorpe, in the Parish of Ldofoie. Oakham, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common

12 Geo. III.

\l° Mar til- 637

Common Fields, Commons, and Common Grounds, within the Hamlet of in the Parish of

Oakham, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That M r. George Bridges do Carry

the Bill to the Lord?, and desire their Concurrence.

framrgsee A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the harbour. Ywenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sait dieieh; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Trecothick, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tire Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom

E Rate ’5 ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

St. James’s Sale of a Capital Freehold Messuage in Saint James’s Square.Square, in the County of Part of the en-

tailed Estate of the Right honourable Allen Lord JBat Jturfl, unto Six Watkm Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement; and for settling an Ellale in the County of Northamptoof greater Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-n-jittecj and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: _A_r*d be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

.And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

JRefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1770, to to the 10th of OSicber 1771, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament, by Two Acts, one of the 21st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King " George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief " of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty 4‘ of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of;

and the other of the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors " of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of ."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paid Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dock A Bill for the better securing and preserving His Ma-^mr4*s- jesty’s Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Vol. 33,

was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Rel'olution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the several Annual Sums following be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and of the Great:

Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being; that is to say, the Sum of Three hundred Pounds to the Chief Justice of Chester, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to the Second Justice of , and the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to each of the Justices of the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, in every Year.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the A drop Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclolirg inclo("f-the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of in

the Parishes of King's Sutton and N in the County of Northampton, is committed.

A Petition of Sir John Gibbons, Baronet, and Knight Colney of the honourable Order of the Bath, was presented to Tn to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- Canal! tioner observts, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a ^fav liable Cut, or Canal, from the River , in

the Parish of Horton, in the County of Bucks, to communicate with the River Thames, at Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, and at or near Maidenhead Bridge,

in the said County of Bucks-, and that the Petitioner apprehends, that such Canal will greatly injure him in his Property: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Petition, or that he may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Holland Cookfey, Esquire, is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel* before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now prefenced.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bouquet’ for naturalizing John Boufquetwas read the First *«. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the House Slcinn’* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce, upon the ingrossed Bill From the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Shinn, with Ann Skinn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, lrc now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fei/detook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Feildereported from the Committee, That they

had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with-

7 Z out

Voices: BefieMeigh through Wantage, &c. Road.

Shilton

Inclosure.

Ditto.

Maidenhead

Bridge.

638 31 0 Martii. 1772.

out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from through Wantage, to Hungerfor in the County of

Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane,

to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambourne, in the said County of Berks, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Page be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of the Common and Open Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Shilton, in the County of Warwick.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vanfttart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Burgesses, of the Town of Maydenheath, otherwise Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, under their Comrhon Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read, the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Taylor, Esquire, informed your Committee, That in order to make the Abutments and other necessary Works to the Bridge, proposed to be built over, the River Thames near Maidenhead, and also to open and make a safe and convenient Road, to and from the same, it will be necessary to purchase Three ftnall Houses or Tenements, and certain Sheds and other Premises, lying on the West Side of the said River, and likewise some Lands and Grounds on both Sides the River:

And,

Mr. James Payne, being examined, said. That the Houses and Premises on the West Side of the said River, proposed to be purchased and taken down, are of the Annual Value of £. 30 or thereabouts; and that Two of the Houses belong to the Corporation of enhead: And the Witness added, that in order to make the proposed Road to the said Bridge, it is absolutely necessary to purchase certain Lands on both Sides of the River.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for opening and making a convenient Road to and from the said Bridge.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expence of the New Roads of Com- Roafe, munication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands Scotia*!, of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1772.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

ia Geo. III.

31 ° Martii.

619

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of Norik Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of for the Year 1772.

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Drummond in Lennox, to Dunbarton, 92 Days j consisting of 2 Subaltern Officers at 3 s. each per Diem, 2 Serjeants at u. each, 2 Corporals at 8 d. each, 2 Drummers and 50 private Men at 6 d. each -

Ext inordinary Charges of Artificers for Carts, Tools, underground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Augujlu to and the Isle of Skey; consisting of

1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 50 Men, at foresaid Rates, 92 Days

each ——

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts, Sec. See. -

To a Party to work from Fort William, over the Black , to Stirling, from to

nerary, and from Dalmalie to Branden; consisting of 2 Subalterns, 4 Serjeants, 4 Corporals, 2 L)rummers, and 100 Men, at laid Rates - -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts, &c. - i

To a. Party to work from Dunbarton, up Lochlomond Side, to Tarbet, and to Inverary, and through G-A enfattach and Glenfruento the Junction of the Roads with the Black consisting of 1

Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 Men, at the above Rates Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts, &c. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort George, through to Corgaff, Braemar

and to Blairgowrie, and to Cupar in Angus; consisting of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, z. Drummers, and 50 Men, at the foresaid Rates, 92 Days each -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts, &c. -

Xo a Party to carry on the Road leading over the Cam Mount, to; consisting of 2

Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 Men, at the foresaid Rates -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts ——

To a Part)', consisting of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 25 Men, to work from Canton to

in Ross Shire, at said Rates ——

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts, &c. -

To a Party to work from Strathbogie to Keith and , on Spey Side j to consist of 2 Serjeants,

2 Corporals, and 28 Men, at the above Rates - - -

"Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts, &c. -

To a Party to work from Strathbogie to Aberdeen, over the Benhill j consisting of 2 Serjeants,

2 Corporals, and 28 Men, at said Rates ——

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers and Carts, &c. -

To the new Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour at Port Patrick -To the Bridge over the River Doeveron ——

To complete the Bridge over the River Leven ——

To Five small Bridges on the Road from Dunbarton to Tarbet - -

To Six small Bridges on the Road from Stirling to Dunbarton - -

To repair Bridges from Tarbet to Inverary;

To rebuild Four small Bridges on the Line of Road, from Blairgowrie to Fort George, carried away in last November ——

To repair the Bridge of Spey, near Ruthven, in Badenach, in Danger of falling -To Three small Bridges on the Line of Road from to Fort William -

To Three small Bridges on the Road from Dalnacardoch to in Athol -

To repair Five Bridges in the Pals of Killicrankie, almost carried away in October last.

To several small Arches on the new Road carrying on from to Strathbogie -

To repair and rebuild the Bridges carried away by the extraordinary Floods in last, on

the Road from Fort Augustus to Bennra, Six carried away, and Twelve in Danger of falling -To repair the Bridges from Inverness to Fort William ---- - - _ -

To rebuild a Bridge at Dalmalie, carried away by the Floods in November last, in the Line of Road from Tytidi om to Inver ary - -

To Ensign M'Corkell and Mr. Alexander Grant, for attending the Works, and overseeing the Parties, 92 Days, at 5 s.each per Day -

T otal - - £.

1. s. d.

i6a 16 ! s

168 b 0

146 8 s

140 6 0

292 17 4

286 10 0

loo 8 8

84 15 4

162 to 8

108 13 0

79 *4 8

58 6 8

72 16 8

55 10 0

79 *4 8

53 16 0

79 *4 8

45 18 d

L,0OO 0 0

59° 1 S

236 1 6

70 0 0

240 0 0

100 16 0

187 6 a

130 15 6

84 3 0

180 4 2

83 lS 8

»99 5 0

47° *4 0

112 19 2

148 1 6

46 0 0

6,998 14 5

War Office, 30th March 177a-

Barrington,

Vol. 33.

Ordered,

640

3i° Martii. . A. 1772.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Freehold, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Eft'te» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Aflbts* uP(m die Bill to make Freehold and Copyhold, and Customary Freehold, Estates Assets for Payment of Simple Contract Debts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sigtefthome An ingroft'ed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe-tndofure. Veral Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Sigleflhornein in the East Ri-

ding of the County of , was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 20. After " what" toinfert * they the said " Conmiifiiofiers, or any Two of " them."

1. 2i. To leave out " be" and insert " deem" instead thereof.

Pr. 23. 1. 2. After " Commissioners" to insert or " anyTwoof them."

Pr. 26. I. 11. After " Commissioners" to insert " or " any Two of them."

Pr. 29. 1. 39. After " Commissioners" to insert " or M any Two of them."

Pr. 31. 1. 24. After " Commissioners" to insert " or " any Two of them."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields,. Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Siggleflhorne, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and def t:their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pec he/I:

Mr. Speaker,

Pollington, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Common, nc 0 u.e. Arable, Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Wallc Grounds,-within the Townships of Pollitig/on, Bain, and Whit ley

Thorpe, Great lied:, and Little Pleck, in the Parishes of Snailh and Kc/lington, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Throckmorton, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An . ^c* Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common ncoure. and aq ot|)er Commonable Lands, within the

Precincts of the Hamlet of Throckmorton, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

Follifoot The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Follifoot, in the County of York-,without any Amendment: And also,

St.iinby The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure, for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stain in the County of Lincoln-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Qm"' for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common lDClo:a,c-Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of,

Quinton, in the County of Glou; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Canongate for lighting, cleansing, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Fafiages, of the Burgh of and the

Liberties of Pleasance and Lcithiadjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh-,without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gla^w for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and main- Harbour, taining, the Harbour of Port GlaJ'gow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, lor erecting new Breads,

Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Loyne to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty- Navigation, third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

Tl'.e Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Queen’» to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinrcfs, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen’s Ferry \o the Towns of Dunfermline, and Cul-

ross-, and also the Road from the said

through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and Kirkcaldie -, without any Amendment: And also,

Tire Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hamnwnnjtam for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, in inclosuK-the Parish of Hammeringham, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kemertoa for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common 1,c'ofure. Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Kemerton, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Staplefbra for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Mear ncoofe' dows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stapleford, in the County of Lei-cefier-,without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Foxier this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establish- Cham),< ing and regulating a Charity, called Foxlcy , in the County of Northampton, lounded by Lady Katharine Leveson.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Alexander Gilmov.rpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion or Remainder in Fee Simple, now vested in His Majesty, of and in an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of One hundred and Thirteen Pounds, One of the several Fee Farm Rents granted to the Right honourable -ward, heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, unto the honourable James Archibald Stuart, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be given by him, or his Heirs, for the lame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stuart’s Fee I’sra Kent.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lanark for repairing and widening several Roads leading through R<*d*»

the *c-

1-2 Geo. III. 310 Marlii — 1 ° Aprilis.

the County of Lanark; 4ml for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Hozvford, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Creditors, Refobved, That this House will, upon T/iurfday Morn* &c. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee -of the whole Scotland. House, upon the Bill for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law, by Arrestment and Poinding, ‘and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Prortiiffory Notes, and for limiting Actions tiboh Bills and PrOmiflojy Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Offices He/otved, That this House will, llpon Morh-

MupiomLts next, resolve itself into d Committee of the whole

1 ° ' -House, upon the Bill tb indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ--rtnents; and to indemhify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, withirt the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemhify 2VXfertjb6rs and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Xirough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be ftdmped, according to Law, or having been Ilampfed, Xi a.Ve been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to j3*-ovide Admissions duly startipfed; and to give further time to such Persons as haVfe ohiitted to make and file ^/Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to yAttomles and Solicitors.

And then the Hdufe adjotiffied till To-ifiotfow Morning, Teh of the Clock.

M ! C

Mercufii» i# Aprilis 5

Anno n° Georgii III*11 Regis, 177a*

Praters.

Tardebigg A It ft. Dowdejivell reported froih the Committee, to Inclosure. XVA whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing such Part of the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of 'tardebigg^ as lies in the County of , was committed iThat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands intended to be' inclosed, of the Annual Value of £.21. 9 j.; and that the Whole of the' Lands intended , to be inclosed, is of the Annual Value of^-^43- di. Cd.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ffiade several Amendments thefeunto; which they had directed him to re* port to the House; and he read the Report in his Fhtde; and aftervrstds defivered the Bill, With the Atriend-ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the' Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qtieftioft fevefally put thereupon; were agreed to- by the HoUfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Be irtgroffe'd.

Stoke Mr. DvwdefhotVrepotted from the Cdrttriitfee, t6 Prior whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the ComtrtOiW ciofure. and Waste Grounds, within the Partffi and Mars<rf of Stoke Ptht, in the County of Was ebnfr

Vol. 33.

mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land having Right of Common on the said Commons End Wastes of the Annual Value of^.305. ioj. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the total Annual Value of the Lands having such Right of Common is £. 3,960.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gonh through the Bill, and made feve'ral Amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment's were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tithe, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingossed.

1

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and drain- Terrington ing, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moors or Drainage, Commons; in the Township and Parish of , &c*

iti the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Seeohd Tints.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page',

Mr. Charles Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ghimber.

A Message from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yed- Royal Assent man Ulher of the Black Rod 2

Mr. Speaker, B*Us*

The King comrnands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, Thdt the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family:

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling pet Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas confirmed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the British Dominloris in America, for a limited Time; upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Irt/and, Or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas feiseed and condemned from being Confirmed ift Great Britain-, and for settling certain

Doubti and Disputes which have arisen upon the said Act of Parliament:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloashing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Engl and, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of Matih One thousand Seven hundred and Sevehty-two:

An Act for further Continuing Two Acts,' made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in Ametica: An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Porchafers:

An Act for Clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great

8 A j

642 i°

Yarmouth; and for depthcning and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire:

An Act for making a Navigable Cut* or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of to or near Middlewich and in the County of

Chester:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of , in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Sorters within the said Town:

An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford to

borrow upon Bonds further Money upon Account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level j and for establishing a further certain Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation, out of the said Middle and South Levels:

An Act for deepening, cleansing, fcowering, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port for

enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breads, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Luneand for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, of the Burgh of Canongflte, and the Liberties of Pleasance and wynd adjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh:

An Act for the more effectual assessing and collecting

of the Rates for Relief of the Poor, in the Parish of % W

Saint Botolph Bishopgate, in the Liberties of the City of London:

An Act for lighting such Part of the Town of,

as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein:

An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of; and for

appropriating Part of the Tolls, collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finishing the same; and for granting additional Terms to the several Acts for repairing the said Reads:

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winter flow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Land-ford aforesaid, through Ower and to Ealing

aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the Road, from the Rumsey and Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to hurst, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing the Footways within the said City:

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and also for repairing the Road from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the said County of Hertford:

rilis. A. 1772*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's, to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and

Cambridge, and from the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County of Suffolk:

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, througlTthe Towns of lnverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, to the Towns of Dumfermline, Torryburn, and Culrofs; and also the Road from the said Queen s Ferry, through lnverkeithing, to Brimtijlatid and Kirkcaldie:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading through the County of Lanark; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Hozvford, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, from Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to,

and from Aldermaston aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road from BasingflokeXo Andover, at or near and to

the Turnpike Road leading to at Popham Lane,

in the County of Southampton:

An Act for Sale of a Capital Freehold Messuage in Saint James's Square, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the entailed Estate of the Right honourable Allen Lord Bathurst, unto Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement j and for lettling an Estate in the County of Northampton, of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act for annulling and making void certain Articles of Agreement, made previous, and in order, to the Marriage of George Wilson, Esquire, and Ann , his now Wife, and the Settlement made after their Marriage, in pursuance of the said Articles, in Confirmation of a Decree and Order of the High Court of Chancery:

An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley Charity, in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Catherine LeveJ'on:

An Act for inclosing the Common Fields, Break Lands, Half-year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Roudham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Skeffington and County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half-year Inclosures, and Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of F'uicham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Ormfide, in the Parish of Ormfide, in the County of Wcfimorland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Scafl-worth, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Woolley, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, of and within the Manor of Little Kington Combrooke and Brookehampton, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, or Commons, called Rigg Moor, and Brearton Moor,

within

12 Geo.- III. i* Apri 643

within the Manor of Brecurton, in the Parish of Knaref-borough, in the county of :

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Deaf tanger, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of in

the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Liberties of Soulbury, with the Hamlet of Ho/Jindon, in the County of Bucks:

-An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rushton James, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford: -An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Moorby cum in the Townships of Moorby and IVilkfby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and afte Grounds, and Stinted Pasture, within the Manor of Sand ford, in the Parish of in the County of

lfS'*s/2mvreland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common "Fields, within the Parish of Manton, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish, Lordship, or "Liberties, of Low Toynton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Epwell, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Meadow Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Faningdon, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Moors, and Common Pastures, in the Lordship of Middle Raiftn, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Township of in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stainby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Quinton, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Precincts of the Hamlet of ‘Throckmorton, in the County of Wore eft er:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Pollington, Bain, Whitley, and Whitley Thorpe, Great Heck, and Little Heck, in the Parishes of Snaith and Kellinglon, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, in the Parish of H in the County of Lincoln:

Vol. 33.

An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields*

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stapleford, in the County of

Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Kemerton, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Carlton Moor or Common, and an Open Field, called The Town Field, in the Manor and Townlliip of Carlton, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right honourable Edward Viscount Ligon with Penelope Pitt3 and to enable him to marry again 3 and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Colleton,

Baronet, with Ann Fullford, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Hugh Lewis with Susannak Hale otherwise Heale, his now Wife 3 and to enable him to marry again 3 and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ambrose Godfrey Hanckwitz, with Dorothy Ajfhcroft, his now Wife; and to enable- him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of James M Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act to enable Mary and William Hutton, and the other Persons therein described, to take and use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Long, pursuant to the Will of James Long, deceased:

An Act to enable Reginald Pole, Esquire, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Carew, pursuant to the Will of Sir Coventry Carew, Baronet, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Arnold Meyer, Peter * feur, John Gotthelff Rucker, and John Guth:

An Act for naturalizing John Luke An Act for naturalizing Conrad Rucker.

The House being informed that Mr. Secre- rnd-a

tary to the United Company of Merchants of England, company, trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was (Ships.) called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of a Bye Law made by " the General Court of Proprietors of East India Stock,

" on Wednesdaythe 18th of A larch 1772, respecting the

" building of Ships to be employed by the United Company of Merchants, trading to the East And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the fix id Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon tire Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Richmond Monday last, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Com- Bridge, mittee of the whole House, upon Frid next, upon the Bili for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at RicL mond aforesaid to William Windham , Esquire, in Fee Simple, might be read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the Ninth Day of this Instant April, resolve

itself

ltt April.

A’ 1772.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

'Bark: Ordered \That the Report, which, upon the 25thDay Tanner*, &c. of March lait, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners in and near the Ofty of don, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Tanners in Great Britain; and also, the Petition Of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or Mystery of the Curriers, of the City of , were referred, be

referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seveh-night, the 10th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of th'e Whole House, to consider of the said Report.

\Veltoa Sir George Savile Veported from the Committee, to Inc’ofure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of Turk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Four Messuages, or Cottages, entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contain 1,498 Acres and Three Roods, and the Number of Messuages, or Cottages, having Right of Common, are Seventy-four; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; aftd then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

St. Neoi’s An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road (feynelbury) from the West End of Ives , in the Town of

Road* Saint Neot's, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of;

Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge.

Ordered, That the Lord Ludloxv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gumley A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Inclosure. and Common Fields, in the rarish of Gumley, in the County of Leicester, was tead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wray, Sir John Palmer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices,

Uoum Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Commit-Drainage, tee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a certain Parcel of Land called or known by the Name of The Cotv Pajlying in the South Fen, in the Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln; and for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and x

draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Watte, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and thht the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 14 Common Rights, who refilled to lign the Bill, and the Owners of 7 Common Rights, who could not be found; and that the whole Number of Common Rights is 316; and that no Person appeared before Che Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Turkey chants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, being Comply, offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with* Safety, and to proteCfc His Majesty’s Subjects in the T Dominions, it has been found necessary that there should be an Am* baflador sent from England to reflde at Confiantinople \ and that there should be Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, in the other Parts of Turkey, where any British Subjects reside, and where the English carry on Trade, the whole Expence whereof has been borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on the said Trade, has of late Years amounted to upwards of £. 10,000 per Annum; and that the said Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishing, is now, from many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance which was granted to the Petitioners in the last Session, was employed in paying off a Part of the Debt which they had incurred, and in supporting their necessary Expences; and they had Reason to hope, that they should not now have been under a Necessity of applying for farther Assistance, nor should they now have troubled the House, but for the great Stagnation of Trade and Increase of Expence occasioned by the War which still subsists between the Turkifit and the Russian Governments; and that the Petitioners are sensible that they should not discharge the Duty incumbent upon them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public, if they did not declare their Inability to support their necessary Expences, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confident* tion, and to grant them such further Assistance as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do make the St. Piner* Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of (Middiefa the several Persons whose Names are thereunto iubferib- Slreets-ed, being Owners and Proprietors of fereml Grounds and Houses, and Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish

of

12 Geo. III. i° dprilis.

Tyne

Temporary

Bridge.

Sheetbridge,

Sec.

Road.

of Saint Pancras, In the County of as lies

and is situated on the West Side of Court

Road, in the same Parish and County, was referred.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition , and had diredbed the same to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

T/rnnas Wade, being examined, said. That the Pavements of the Streets and other public Passages leading from ‘TottenhamCourt Road, through Charlotte Street,

to the new Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Mary ie Bone, and the interior Parts of Westminster, are in a ruinous Condition; and that if Power was given to establish a regular Nightly Watch, and to new pave, cleanse, and light, the said Streets and other Passages, it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public in general.

That the paving and repairing such Part of the said Road as lies in the said Parish would be of public Utility; and the Petitioners are desirous of taking the same under their Management, to which the Trustees of the Road are willing to agree, if they were authorized so to do.

Mr. Robert Frost and Mr.....Brookjbank confirmed the aforesaid Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching, the Streets and other public Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of as lies West of Tottenham Court Road, and also so much of the said Road, within the said Parish, as lies South of Chapel Street; and for discharging the Trustees for the Care of that Part of the said Road for the future, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within the Limits aforesaid; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Colonel Fitzroy do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon the 28 th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ridley, Mr. Vane, ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Jolliffe reported from the Committee, t6 whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts, made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the Fourteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from SheetbtiJge, in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of in the County of Southampton, and of several other Persons, being Inhabitants of the Counties of Southampton and Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Vol. 33.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Richard Andrews, One of the Clerks to the Trustees for executing the said Acts, being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed large Sums of Money for putting the said Acts in Execution, upwards of £. 2,350. of which remains owing, and cannot be repaid during the Term granted by the said Acts.

That it would be of public Benefit if the Course of the said Road was turned in feme Places, and the Road widened in others, but that the said Acts are insufficient for those Purposes, and are in many other Respects de-fed ive*

That the Road from Horndean to and also

the Road from Petersfield to a Place near where

the Turnpike Road from Win to Alton goes, all in the County of Southampton, are ruinous and narrow, and cannot be properly amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Reads from Sheetbridge to Portsmouth, and from Horndean to Havant, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Jolliffe and Sir Simeon Stuart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce, at the Receipt ot His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the several Stamp Duties granted by the Acts 32d George the Second, and 2d and 5th George the Third, for augmenting the Saiaries of the Judges of England and , for Four Years, ended the 5th Day of January 1772; distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee*

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message being brought from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish, and Mr. Strutt the Clerk A Aidant of the House of Lords; .

The Messengers were called in, and delivered their Message.

And then they withdrew.

And Notice be taken, that the said Message was-QOt brought by the Messengers usually lent with Mcflages from the House of Lords to this House;

And Objection being made against Mr. Speaker’s now reporting the said Message to the House;

The said Message was not reported by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, Nemine contradicenie, That a Committee be appointed to examine into the Precedents, with respectc to the Messengers by whom Messages have been brought from the Lords to this House; and to report the fame

8 B to

Lordfs Menage ^Precedents}

646 i° Aprilis. A. 1772.

to the House, with what Proceedings have been had thereupon.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. William Mr. Dowdeswell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take into their Consideration the improper Treatment offered to Mr. Speaker and the Members of this House, upon the First Day of this Session of Parliament, and to other Members of this House attending their Duty in the House of Lords, during this Session of Parliament, when Bills have been passed by His Majesty, or by Commission; and to report the same to the House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " improper."

And the Question being put, That the Word " improper" stand Part of the said proposed Question;

The House divided.

.. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the I 2J.

Tellers for the Noes, { Colon! 1 f 28'

So it pasted in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put j

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take into their Consideration the Treatment offered to Mr. Speaker and the Members of this House, upon the First Day of this Session of Parliament, and to other Members of this House attending their Duty in the House of Lords, during this Session of Parliament, when Bills have been passed by His Majesty, or by Commission; and to report the same to the House.

Game. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading:of the Bill, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain, called be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid, Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Ytfiige, Mt* Clayton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the laid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witness'es, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Saint

whom tire Petition of the Trustees whose Names are Maryle thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and q0"^ others, the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an £C-1 Act, made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for making a Coemetery or Churchyard, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary leBone, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

George Alcock, Esquire, being examined, said. That it will be of more Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, that the intended new Church should be built on a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Henry William Portman, Esquire, and let on Lease to William Baker, Esquire, for a long Term of Years now to come; and that certain other Ground, belonging to the said Henry William Portman, and let on Lease to the said William Baker, for a like Term, should be inclosed and used for a Coemetery for the said Parish, rather than the Ground mentioned in the said Act of Parliament.

That the said Trustees have made some Progress in the Execution in the other Trusts in them repol’ed by the said Act, but cannot effectually complete the Purr poses thereby intended, unless the said Act is in other Respects made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for making a Coemetery or Church-yard, ^nd for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Mackworth and Sir Edward AJlley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Free ' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House The other Order of the Day being read;

Mason*. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply,

upon the Bill for incorporating and well-governing the next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Society of Free and Accepted Masons; and for other House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Purpol’es therein mentioned, be now read. His Majesty.

And the said Order being read accordingly; _

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three And House adjourned till Tomorrow

Months, resolve itself into the said Committee. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Divorce*' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ivorce. re(*0jvc itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Draper with Elizabeth Hartnell, his now Wile; and to enable him

12 Geo. III.

20 Aprilis. 647

Jovts, 20 die;

Anno 1.2® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Voices: Rdered, That all have Voices who come to the Raingate C/ Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend

Harbour. an made ill the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, is committed.

African The House being informed, that Mr. from

Company, the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Freemen of the African Company, admitted to their Freedom in the City of London, since the Year 1749.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other , Papers of this Session.

Watford Mr. Halsey reported from the Committee, to whom Church-yard, the Bill to enlarge the Cemetery or Church-yard of *c- the Parish ox Watford, in the County of Hertford; and to make an additional Building to the present Work-house, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quel-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Appleby General Hony wood presented to the House, according Inclosure. f 0 Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Appleby, in the County of WestmAnd the same was re> ccived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aldwinkle Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Aldwinkle, in the County of North-

ampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tyne Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Corn-Temporary mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridge. Sheriff, and Common Council of the Town of

cajile upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and alter wards delivered it in at

Vol. 33.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Philip Gibson, Clerk to the Town Clerk of being examined, said, That by a Flood in the Night, between the 16th and 17th of last November, a great Part of the Bridge over the River Tyne at Newcastle, was carried away. That it is absolutely necessary that a Temporary Bridge should be built from the Town of Newcastle to the opposite Shore, in Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to be used till a new Stone Bridge can be ere bled; and that several Houses rauft be purchased and pulled down to make Avenues to such Temporary Bridge: That the Passage over the Tyne is a great Thoroughfare; and that there is not any Bridge within Eighteen Miles of Newcastle.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Temporary Bridge across the River Tyne, from the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to Gateshead, in the County of Durham:And that Sir M

Mr. Ridley, and Sir Thomas Clavering, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Corn: and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Nezvbury, (Newbury) in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Provisions; and praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and concert a Remedy-for the said Grievance, either by an Act for the free Importation of Corn, or by such other Means as to the House shall seem prudent and beneficial.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Sellon's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat, naturalizing Henry Francis Sellon, was committed; i hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Draper s to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Draper with Eliza- Divorce. beth Hartnell, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Wheje the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with interest thereupon, on or before the Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such

Manner

Supply:

Justice* of Chester, &c.

Tithes: Quakers.

Greenwich Hospital: frizes, Sec.

King’s

Sedgmoor,

Drainage,

See.

648 a* dprilis. A IJ72.

Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually heen exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Produce of the Funds established by Three Arts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges in England, Scotland, and Wales, after satisfying the several Annual Payments already charged thereupon, there be issued and applied the Annual Sum of One thousand Seven hundred Pounds, for making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, for Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of , and of the Great Sessions for the Counties of Wales.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions; and that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Resolution, which, upon Tuesday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz;

" Resolved, That the several Annual Sums following " be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Augmen-.* tation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and of the Great Sessions for the Counties of Wales, for the Time being; that is to say, the Sum of Three hundred Pounds to the Chief Justice of , the Sum " of Two hundred Pounds to the Second Justice of " Chester, and the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to " each of the Justices of the Great Sessions for the *f Counties in Wales, in every Year.v

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: and also, upon the last of the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and, which has been agreed to by the House: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Rice, Sir William Bagot, and the Lord Lijbnrne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enforcing several Acts of Parliament, for the Recovery and Payment of Tithes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers; and for enlarging the Powers thereby given: And that Mr Gilbert and Mr. Cator do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual vesting in the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy.

Mr. Coxe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several. Lords of the Manor, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the several Parishes and Hamlets of Somerton, Cumpton Dundon, Street, Walton, Aifhcott, Grisnton, Shapwick, and

divers other Parishes and Hamlets, interested in a Tract of Waste Ground, called King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, in the several

Parishes, Hamlets, and Places of,

Chilton, Catcott, Shapwick, Stowell, Sutton Mallet, linch, Grienton, Woolavington, Ashcoit, Redwell, Walton,

Street, Butleigh, Compton Dundon, West on zoy, Othery, High Ham, Dunzvare, Bower, Horsey,

Badncy, Netherham, Aller, Littleton,

Somerton, Pitney, Wearn, Wootton, Charletort Mackerel, Charlton Adam, and Long Sutton, in the County of Somerset, having Right of Common on King's Sedgmoor, in the same County; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, in the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places of Cuffington, Edington, Chilton, Catcott, Shapwick, Stowell, Sutton Mallet,

/inch, Grienton, Woolavington, Ashcoit, Pedwell,

Street, Butleigh, Compton DundonWefton Zoyland, Midle-zoy, Othery, High Ham, Dunware, Bower, Horsey, Bawdrip, Bradney,' Netherham, Aller, Chedzoy, Littleton, Hur-

cott, Somerton, Pitney, Wearn, Wootton, and Long Sutton, in the County of Somerset, having Right of Common on King's Sedgmoor, in the same County, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had heard the Petitioners, on the Two first mentioned Petitions, by their Counsel; and that the Committee had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. William Fairchild, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That he had surveyed and measured the said Moor, called Sedgmoor, and contains about Eighteen thousand Acres; which, in general, is a Morals, by reason of the Waters, Handing on it, and in some Winters is very deep; but Part of it, next to the present Rhines and Ditches, is pretty dry; that the Whole is nearly on a Level, and is low in Comparison to the adjoining Lands; that it is seldom fit for Cattle more than Two or Three Months in the Year with Safety; that they generally put Black Cattle and Sheep thereon, but is certain Destruction to Sheep, and in its present State is not worth more than Eighteen Pence an Acre, but if drained, and rendered dry and healthy, and divided into distinct Commons, it would in Two or Three Years, be worth Twenty-five Shillings an Acre; and if divided into particular Inclosures, and properly divided among the separate Owners, in a Term of Years the Whole would be worth Thirty Shillings an Acre, or more, some Part being worth that at present, and would be an Advantage to the Public: — That the said Moor is from Ten to Twelve Miles in Length, and on an Average, Two Miles Three Quarters in Breadth; that he could not say whether it is easy to prevent Trespasses, but suppoles it might be done by Persons having the Care of it: — That he has taken the Levels instrumentally, and finds it capable of being drained; that the Fall from Bradney Bridge, the lowell Part of the Moor, to a Place called Nine Streams, will be between Fifteen and Sixteen Feet, which is about Three Miles in Length. — Being asked, What Fall there is in the present Drain ? he said, The Northern Part of the Moor is lower than the Mouth of the Cloys, which are meant to drain the Moor — That the making Drains for draining the Moor, will contribute, and may be made Part of the Drains for dividing the Commons — That the Expence of draining the said Moor would amount to about Two thousand Pounds; but said, he was not a Judge of the Expence of dividing it.

Being cross examined, he said, He had been acquainted with the Moor Ten Years, and had beer, on it many Times, but could not say how often, though had been there in surveying Estates in the Neighbourhood, and plcafuring, such as Horse Races. — Being asked. Whether he had Occasion to make any Observation on the Moor till the present Application to Parliament ?

he

12 Geo. III. 2° jdprilis.

he said. He had not measured it, but had observed it:

— That he had often rode across the Moor, and observed the Grass and Soil: — And being asked, Whether he had ever been on Half the Acres in his Life ? he said. He did not know but he might in crossing it at several Times, and there was no Part of it he had not viewed; and he judges of the Nature of the Soil by the Rhines and Ditches, and by what he fees upon the Ground: — That he does not know the Number of Cattle or Sheep fed on the Moor. — Being asked. Whether he knew Cattle rot on the Moor ? he said, He had seen Sheep dead thereon; and that there are some large Flocks of Sheep, but could not say there are many: — That during the Summer Three Months it will not support One Beast to an Acre, and not more than Three or Four Sheep well, and is dangerous to put Sheep there; but when Farmers have a large Stock and no where else to keep them, they are glad to put them there: — That he judged by those Parts, which are at present dry, it would be worth Twenty-live Shillings an Acre when drained.

— Being asked, What the said Moor would be worth an Acre, if only drained ? he said. About Twenty Shillings — That he' has traversed the Moor at different Times, and believes in a very dry Summer the Moor would not sustain Eighteen thousand Cattle the whole Summer, except the last, which was the dried he had known these Ten Years. — Being asked. What Proportion the present Part, which is worth Twenty-five Shillings an Acre, bears to the rest of the Moor? he said,

Plain, which is about Three hundred Acres, is worth Twenty-five Shillings an Acre, and there are about Six hundred Acres more, nearly as good; and the Remainder is worth about Eighteen Pence.

That he was not interrupted in taking the Levels of the Moor, but had not surveyed it accurately, being prevented, and was told if he proceeded, he should receive Damage, and was threatened with his Life; and they went so far as to dig his Grave: That there were an Hundred or two met him; and a Reward of a Hogshead of Cyder offered to any one that would catch him.

Mr. Sylvanus Lake, a Farmer and Grazier, being examined, said. That he has lived in the Neighbourhood of Sedgmoor Common Seven Years, and has exercised a

Right of Common thereon Six Years; that the said Common is, in wet Summers, overflowed the whole Year, but in dry temperate Seasons, is fit for Cattle about Twenty Weeks, and in some Summers not Two Months, but upon an Average of Seven Years, it may be fit Three Months: — That his Cattle has frequently suffered from the Witness of the Moor, and has known Objections made at Fairs and Markets on account of their coming from Sedgmoor, the Nature of the Grass being such, as changes the Colour of the Hair of the Cattle, which is a Sign they are not healthy; that Sheep frequently cooth, and Cattle scour.

That the said Moor is Eleven or Twelve Miles in Length, and Two or Three broad, and he has experienced Inconveniences from the Extent of it by Plough Cattle getting Five or Six Miles from Home; and that he once loft a Horse Twelve Months, and found him on the Common at last; and thinks if the said Moor was divided into separate Commons, it would be advantageous to every Tenant and Occupier of Lands: — That there are frequent Trespasses thereon, which are not easily to be prevented in its present State; and he apprehends it is practicable of being drained by a certain Number of Drains, and which he thinks would operate to drain the Moor; and that any Division of the same would tend to increase the Value.

Being crol's examined, he said, That the Cattle which were objected to at Fairs were lean, the Moor being chiefly used for breeding, and not fatting: — That Cattle are generally poorer which come from Commons, but this is the wettest in the Country: — That there is a great Quantity of rich Land for fatting Cattle in jetshire, and it is generally agreed that Somersetjiire is not adapted so well for breeding as Devonshire. — Being

VOL. 33.

asked, If there is a Proportion of breeding, to fatting, King'* Land in Somersetshire ? he said. There is a great deal Sedgmoor

called fatting Land not fit for the Purpose, but is ap- "He* plied to it. — Being asked. If there were not great Numbers of Cattle bred on the Moor ? he said, They were brought there, but rarely fall there, being an improper Place, though it sometimes happens: — That Sheep are folded from the Moor upon the Arable Lands near. —

Being asked. If it was not the usual Course of Husbandry, for Farmers to do this ? he said, In certain Years they do, otherwise they decline it, for he had baned his Flock by it: — That Farmers usually turn out their Plough Cattle on the Moor, and then close up their Meadows for railing of Hay: — That the Difficulty of preventing Trespasses arises from the Gates leading to the Moor, which by Accident fall down, and by being left open, so that the neighbouring Farmers Cattle get in, and does not know they have any Right, for on Driving the Common, Cattle have been found which have had no Owners.

That the said Moor might be divided by multiplying the Ditches, and would not be dangerous to Cattle, as some Farms have no other Fence, though such Ditches would.waste some Land, but would increase the Value; that it is difficult to ascertain the Value of the Land, for" in some Years it is worth nothing, some Seven Shillings an Acre, others Four Shillings, and believes if it was only drained, it would be worth from Sixteen Shillings to near Twenty Shillings an Acre; but a Division would be advantageous to every Person who has Right of Common, and greatly so to Cottagers, as it.would improve the Land, and Persons would give more for such Right to enjoy as they now do, and be in less Danger of losing their Cattle.

That the Right of feeding on the Moor is in the Lords of Manors, but the actual Enjoyment is in the Tenants: — That Hundreds enjoy this Right, but could not say Thousands, and always understood the Tenants put on all their Cattle without Stint: — That if it was divided into Parish Commons, it might be an Improvement, perhaps to the Amount of Seven Shillings and Six Pence an Acre; and if it was made dry, it would not be prudent to convert it into Arable; and the inclosing it would be an Advantage to the Poor, as they would be employed in trenching, fencing, and' Hay-making, and thinks there would be additional Employment, by frequently cleansing of Ditches; that their present Employment is in Tillage, but there is none on the Moor.

That he cannot say what Number of Sheep are folded from the Moor, but there are not more than Eight hundred or One thousand Acres of it, upon which People will suffer their Sheep to go; and it would be more advantageous if the Moor could be made capable of fatting, than breeding. Cattle: — That People put on their Stock in the Moor which they cannot maintain in the Winter, and has heard it argued as to the Right, but they have always turned in at all Times of the Year at Discretion:

— That he cannot lay what Number of Geese are fed on the Moor, but believes Ten or Twenty thousand, and the greatest Number is at Michaelmas.

That if the Moor was drained, the Graft would be as good as if it was inclosed, but would be more advantageous if divided into separate Commons, and the Right more beneficial to the Commoners, as Cattle do much better in small Herds than in large; and the Poor would be greatly benefited, as the Cottagers frequently let their Right of Common (few having Stock of their own) for about a Guinea, but never heard for more; and that there may be an Hundred or Two of such, and are let to Persons out of Dorsetshire and , some

of whom have brought Forty or Fifty Head of Black Cattle.

Being asked. Whether a greater Extent of Grazing Right upon the Common of Sedg, is of less Value than a iinaller Extent divided off? he said, Yes, because Persons would with more Ease survey their Cattle,

8 C and

King’s

Sedgmoor

Drainage,

Sec.

2° Jprihs.

A. 177a.

and take them off, and put them on, as they found the Keeping serve their Purpose.

That the Someijetshire Farmers buy their Cattle to

graze from Devonshire; and there are Thirty thousand Cattle in a Year brought from into Somerset-

shire, of which the greater Part are fed there; and thinks there would be rather more Cattle fed there, if the Moor was inclosed.

That he rented an Estate of Lord , by which

he had a Right of Common, the Right being in the Tenants and Cottagers, the Lords claiming no Right, but that Landlords may have some little Benefit, by the Tenants having the Right of Common on the said Moor.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition.

Mr. Richard Hayes, being examined, said. That he is Sixty-six Years old, and has lived at on the Borders of Sedgmoor, Fifty Years, and knows every Part of the Moor: That there may be One thousand Acres of Land near , which are in

their present State, one with another, worth Thirty Shillings an Acre: — That the Lands near Somerton, Compton Dundon, Grienton,

linch, Sutton, Stowell, Bazvdrand are of

different Values; those lying near the Parishes may be worth, on an Average, Thirty Shillings an Acre, and there areThree or Four thousand Acres of that Value; but the'best Land lies near Sutton Mallet, Dumvare, and Weston Zoyland, which are worth from Thirty-five to Forty Shillings an Acre: — That in the other Parts of the Moor there may be Three or Four thousand Acres worth Fifteen or Sixteen Shillings an Acre, and some not Sixpence, according to the Time of the Year; and thinks the whole Eighteen thousand Acres, on an Average, may be worth Fourteen Shillings an Acre in its present State, and will maintain Two Bullocks and Two Sheep on each Acre during the Summer; that young Cattle, Cows, and Plough Oxen, are generally put on in or May, and are kept there till near Michaelmas, according to the Season; and young Cattle are kept there all the Winter.

That large Flocks of Sheep are depastured, and a great Part are kept all the Year there, which are folded on the Arable Land, and put on the Moor in the Day to feed: — That a great Nnmber of Mares foal thereon, which, with the Mares, remain all the Year together, with many young Bullocks, but cannot tell the Number of Bullocks, being sometimes great and others small, it depending on the Season; and believes they are seldom baned there, as he never knew of any; and that the Moor is not moire liable to bane Sheep than the Inclosures: — That some Welsh Cattle are made fat on the Moor, and fit for the Butcher.

That Trespasses may be easily prevented if looked after; and has known several detected this Year, and also in Years pad: — That the said Moor has always been open, and the Right of Common is in those who have Estates of their own, and those who rent them in the several Villages mentioned in the Petition, except Charlton Mackarel and Charlton Adam, and the Tenements of Four or Five Pounds a Year have as much Right as a Farm of One hundred Pounds a Year: — That the Tenements called Auftre Tenements, which are Parts of old Houses or the Scites thereof, have as unlimited a Right of Common as a Man of the greatest Estate; and that all the Commoners have a Right, and been accustomed to departure all their Cattle on the Moor at all Times of the Year without Stint.

That if a Drain was to be opened the Length of the Moor, from Somerton to Crandon Bridge, the Lands about Weston, Chedzoy. Dunware, Bower, Haufey, and Places adjacent, would be subject to be overflowed.

That there are many Tenements, from Five to Fifty Pounds a Year, which are occupied by the Owners, who maintain themselves by their Produce and the Right

of Common, and would be greatly injured by the Inclosure, and for Want of the Produce of the Moor, and the Expence of inclosing, would oblige the Owners of such Tenements to fell them, and some would be dif-treffed, though not obliged to fell: — That the poor Cottagers get their Subsistence entirely from the Moor, of whitfi there are Twenty or Thirty in the Parish of Weston, though some have less, who have all a Right of Common, and the rest of the Parishes have the same Number, one with another, who have a Right from old Auftres; and there are from Ninety to One hundred Rights of Common in the Parish of Weston, including Three or Fourscore Farms.

That the breeding of Cattle would be diminished by inclosing, as there would be less Grass, by reason of the Drains and Ditches, and should not be able to keep the Number of Cattle, for at present they have the Run of the whole Herbage, but would then be confined, but if only drained, Cattle would have the same Run as at present: — That Agriculture of the high Grounds would be diminished by inclosing the Moor, as the feeding would be less and not so good, and Danger to the Cattle falling into the Ditches necessary for dividing the fame: — That Roads cannot be made but at a great Expence, there being no Stone or Materials nearer than Five or Six Miles, and Stones would fink, the Soil being so soft; and the general Sense of the Country is against inclosing: — That when the Moor hath received the utmost Improvement by draining, there will be a great Difference in Value of some Parts to others, and the greater Part will not receive Improvement, and it is not possible to judge to Exadtnels of Five or Six Shillings an Acre, what Improvement it will receive by such draining; and if it could, without subjecting the Lands to be overflowed by the necessary Drains, it would be no Advantage, because there would be no Water in the Summer; but if properly drained it would be an Improvement, and thinks dividing it would not, as the Roads to the different Divisions would be impassable, and there can be no Division for the several Parishes to come without Roads, except from the Parish of Weston, and that it is impossible, if the Moor was divided into Thirty-five Commons, to make Roads that every Parish could enjoy their Right of Common in their respective Allotments, as there are several Parishes far from the Moor, and cannot be made without coming to some Part of the low Grounds, and they could not get to all the Divisions without them; and that it is impossible to make Roads over the fame, a great Part being a Morass, and no Bottom to be found at Thirty Feet deep.

That there are several poor People in his and the Parishes adjacent, permitted by the Commoners to keep some small Stock on the Moor, who have no Right, in order to prevent their becoming chargeable to their Parishes, and if divided would be a Means of making them so; that there are Five or Six such Poor in his Parish, and may be One hundred, or more, in the other Parishes: — That there is a great Scarcity of Labourers in the Summer Time in the said Parishes, and if turned out of their Habitations, it would be more so, thele Cottages being a Nursery for them.

That there are many young Bullocks bred on the Moor, and fatted by the Help of a little After-grass near it, which would not be if inclosed: — That the Graziers in Somersetshire are obliged to go into other Counties to buy lean Cattle, to the Amount of many Hundreds, and bring the re to be fatted, and would be more so if the Moor was inclosed: — That it is usual to fella great Number of Calves fallen in Somersetshire to Farmers in Devonshire, which when grown up are brought again into Someijetshire to be fatted; and Cattle for the

Plough are kept on the Moor in Summer, and the inclosed Pastureand Meadow Ground is thereby relie*^^ to furnish Hay and Grass for their Winter’s SuirjjftenCe. That it is very difficult and expensive to get other Manure, than by folding Sheep on the hjlly and high

Grounds

12 Geo. III. 2°dprilis. 651

Grounds and Arabic Lands, which are of a very poor and barren Nature in many Parts, some of which in the Parishes of High Ham, Compton

Shapwick, Afticott, Edington , and some Part of is not worth Half a Crown an Acre, and would be of less Value if the Moor was inclosed.

That he knows the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, mentioned in the Petition, except the Parishes of Charlton Mackerel, and Charlton , and that the Occupiers of old Auftre Tenements, by particular Custora of those Places, have. Right of Common on the Moor at all Times of the Year, without Stint.

That he has known Persons who have Right of Common, exercise a Right to dig Turves, and cut Sedge and Rushes thereon, for their own Use, and has known it for Fifty Years, and never knew any Molcftation, though never did it himself, but they.are not to be had on all Parts of the Moor; and if the said Moor was divided, some Parts would be deprived of that Right.

That all Parts of the Moor when drained will hot be of an equal Value,' the Soil of some being a churlish Clay, other a rich Ldom, and other a Morals, and the poorest Part lies near Walt on; and if that Part of the Moor was divided off from the othet* Parts, and allotted to the Parish or Manor where his Ellate should lie, he should not think the Advantage arising from the Facility of frequently visiting or viewing his Stock, would be equal to the Advantage of a Range for his Cattle over the rich Parts of the Moor; but that Cattle have Haunts or particular Places of Abode, so that they generally know where to find them, and Milch Cows generally remain where they are used to be milked.

Being cross examined, he said, He meant Trespasses might be prevented by driving the Prey, which had been done this Year, and Twenty, Thirty, or Forty, Cattle detected, or perhaps more, and Sixteen of them from one Person, and were found on the Moor near Weston: — That the People of and Chedxoy joined

in driving the Prey, and begun about Half a Mile above Wefion; and it is understood, Weston and Chedxoy begin at Rowing Lake, to drive the Prey, but have not been drove for many Years before this: — That it is common for Trespassers to put on Cattle the next Hay after driving, but are soon detected again, and were drove off the Common without driving the Prey, and paid a Fine to the Lord’s Bailiff. — 'That the Parish of Weston drives the Prey sometimes by themselves, and sometimes with others, and in different Parts, but has not. been driven at large this Year, and thinks it is not possible to detect Trespasses at large without driving the Prey, — that if there were Rules and Regulations established for that Purpose, it would be an effectual Remedy, and there are no fixed Times, but those who have a Right, may drive as often as they please. — lieing asked, Whether they do not, when they hear of many Trespasses? he said, They did not, because the Commoners are the Trespasser, by putting on Cattle not their own, therefore are interested in not doing it: — That be never knew more than Two-thirds of the Moor driven at one Time, and never knew any Damage clone by it; and that he never knew but one Instance of Catt’e being put on the Moor, within a few Days after being detected as Trespassers.

That every Person in the Parish of Weston, who rents or hath an Ellate of his own, hath a Right of Common, though there is Land which has no Right, but is rented by tl.ofc who have; that there may be Five or Six Cottagers in the said Parish, who have no Righr, and there is not one Cottager adjoining to the Moor, who l as any Pay from the Parish, and have exercited the Right of Common by Leave of the Parishioners, and never knew Rights of Common let in his Parish: — That there arc between Twenty and Thirty old A u ft res and imaU Tenements in Westcn, all ot which have Garden Plots or Orchards, and there are several Farms which have Right of Common, and are «ot old Auftres; but VOL. 33.

that the Witness hath no Right of Common him- King’, self. Sedgmoop

That those Persons who have old Auftres and larger Estates in the Parish of Weston, do Rhine Work in pro- c‘ portion to their Estates, and in some Places it is done in proportion of Acres to Yards, or Acres to Roods; and there is no other Proportion of doing it, and the Juries of Water Sewers direct the Times when it shall be done, and is according to ancient Use and Custom.

That there is a Stone Road across the Moor, but is so puxy and miry in Winter Time, that the Stone may be found. Forty Feet deep, and wants constant Repair, and that they can’t get Turf without it from Catcot, but has known Turf cut near Midlezoy. — That if the Moor was drained, the Road would be better, but can’t be made found without a great deal of Labour.

That there are Lime Stones for making Lime in the Parishes of Compton Dunlon, Edington, and other Places, on Polldon Hill, and a great many at Ham, but does not think the Improvement of Land by Lime to be so good as by Sheep; and does not know whether any Lime Stones.are burnt on those Estates, and that there are no Coals nearer than from Five to Twenty Miles.

Being asked. How lie formed his Calculation of the Number of poor People round the Moor? he said.

There are no more than Five in Weston, and cannot tell how many there are in other Pari (lies; and docs not know any one in particular in Edington or Catcot, who maintains-himself by the Use of the Common, and who has no Right, and does not know a House in Catcot, which has not a Right; but has no Doubt there are — though cannot name one.

Edward Conduit, being examined, said. That he is Fifty-eight Years old, has lived at Chedxoy between Forty and Fifty Years, and knows the Nature and Soil of all Parts of King's Sedgmoor, which is open and uninclosed; that the Land is of different Qualities, and that which adjoins to the Parishes and Hamlets of Bridge-water, Dunware, Weston Zoyland,

Compton Dundon, Pedwell, Greinton, Sutton,

Stow ell, Bawdrip, and Chedxoy, which all border on the Moor, is very good Land, and is worth Thirty Shillings an Acre or upwards, and there is between Three and Four thousand Acres of that Value; that the best Land lies near Weston, Dunware, Chedxoy, and Sutton, and thinks the whole Moor one Acre with another, and one Year with another, is worth Sixteen Shillings an Acre, in its present State: — That it will maintain Two Bullocks and Two Sheep an Acre the Year round, except when flooded, and Four Bullocks for Four Months, from the Beginning of May; and from the Beginning of September, to the Beginning of January, Two; and from that Time to May, Two Bullocks and Two Sheep.

— The Dairy Cows and Plough Oxen are put on the Beginning of May, and continue so till near and great Quantities of Sheep are depastured there all the Year, which are generally folded on the inclosed Arable Lands in the Neighbourhood, to manure and improve the fame; other Manure being not to be got but at a great Expence: — That many Calves and Foals are fallen on the Moor, and the Mares and other Horses for the Plough, and many Colts and young Bullocks are kept there all the Year; and he never knew a Bullock baned there in his Life, and is not apt to bane Sheep more than other Places; a great Part of the inclosed Lands will bane them as loon or sooner than the Moor, and that a great many young Bullocks are bred and fatted thereon, with the Help of a little After-grass in the inclosed Grounds near it: That he never exercised the Right of Common himself more than Two Years.

That the Right of Common is in those who have Estates of their own, or rent them, and those who have small Cottages — Being asked, What an old Auftre is? he said. An old House, or the Scite thereof, the Occupier of which has as much a Right as a Man of One hundred

a0 April.

A. 1772.

Kng’s dred Pounds a Year, or the greatest Estate, to stock Drainage w't*1 his Cattle on all Parts of the Moor, and at all See.*’ Times of the Year, without Stint or Limitation; and that the Occupiers of such old Auftrcs in the several Parishes, Manors, and Places, mentioned in the Petition, except Charlton Mackarel and Charlton , have used and exercised this Right, and hath heard several ancient People, who are since dead, declare the fame. — That the Persons who have Right of Common, have uied and exercised the Right of digging Turves, and cutting Sedge and Rushes thereon, and never knew any Contradiction since his Memory: That Sedge and Rulhes do not grow, nor are Turves to be found on all Parts of the Moor.

That Trespasses are easy to be prevented on the said Moor, and has known many Instances of their being detedled, and Three Times the last Summer; that the several Parishes and Places have a Right to drive the Prey, when and as often as they please, but can’t say how often they have done it, though has known it many Times; and the Parishes of and Chedzoy have

often driven by themselves; and he thinks if proper Rules and Regulations were to be made, it would be easy to detect and prevent Trespasses, without dividing and inclosing it into distinct Commons, which would not improve it, but be very prejudicial, and ruin a great many poor Families: That there are about Sixty Tenements in his Parish, who have Right of Common, about Eleven of which are deemed Cottagers, and there are many small Tenements from Five to Forty Pounds a Year, occupied by the Owners, who are supported by the Produce of such Tenements, and the Benefit they receive from their Right of Common on the Moor: That the Expences of draining, dividing, and inclosing, and making of Roads over the fame, will compel many of the Owners of such Tenements to fell them, and reduce them to Poverty: That there are many poor People in the several Parishes, who have no Right of Common, permitted to keep some small Stock thereon, in order to prevent their becoming chargeable to their Parishes, which if inclosed would be a Means of doing it; and that the inclosing it would diminish the breeding of Cattle a great deal, breeding Ground being more wanted than grazing, great Numbers of Graziers being obliged to go into other Counties to buy lean Cattle to bring into Somersetshire to be fatted, and would be more so if the Moor was to be inclosed; that it is usual to fell a great Number of Calves- fallen in

fetshire, to Farmers in Devonshire, which when grown up, are brought again into to be fatted. —

That Agriculture and Tillage of the high and dry Grounds, would be lessened by inclosing the Moor, for that Cattle for the Plough, Dairy Cows, and other Cattle, are kept thereon in the Summer; and the inclosed Meadow and Pasture Ground is thereby relieved to furnish Hay and Grass for their Winter Subsistence. — That the high and hilly Ground surrounding the Moor, is of a very poor and barren Nature, a great deal of it not being worth above Two Shillings and Sixpence, and some Seven Shillings and Sixpence an Acre, which, if the Moor was inclosed, would be of no Value.

That Cattle are frequently drowned in the Ditches and Rhines in the present State of the Moor, which if increased, the Danger of losing Cattle would also be increased in proportion thereto: — That the Soil in many Parts of the Moor is very soft and rotten, and in some Parts no Bottom to be found, and there may be near Two thousand Acres of such Land in different Parts; and it is impossible to make Roads without a great Expence, Stones and Materials being at a great Distance; and the Sentiments of People interested in the Moor, and also the Proprietors of Lands in general, are against inclosing the fame; and that it would be difficult, and could not be done, on Account of the different Natures of the Soil, to make a just Division thereof into separate Commons, and apprehends, would

occasion Disputes and Quarrels; and many of the Commoners would be deprived of digging Turves, and cutting Sedge and Rushes thereon; and that if a Common was to be inclosed to each Parish, it would not be the Advantage it is at present.

Being crol's examined, he said, That he saw moor very lately, but was not all over it, and there was Water about a Foot deep near Chedzoy then — That it may be worth Eighteen Pence a Week for an Ox on the Moor near Chedzoy — That they were small Plough Cattle, and Dairy Cows, which, he said, an Acre would support Four in the Summer: — That Cattle are kept as well on the Moor in Summer, as in the inclosed Grounds, and that the Pasture on the Moor in the Four Summer Months, is worth Three Pounds Four Shillings an Acre. — Being asked, What Kind of Bullocks are kept on the Moor from September to he

said, Small Steers, but is hardly- worth Sixpence & Week then, but is certainly worth Three Pence. — That all Sorts of Cattle are kept on the Moor, from the First of January to the First of May, and is then worth

Three Pence a Week for each Sheep, and all Sorts of Cattle together.

That he never knew a Right of Common let, but has known an old Auftre let, but can’t say for how much; and that it is not common for those Spots of Ground which have Right of Common about Chedzoy to be let That he had rented Eight Acres, for which he paid Ten Pounds a Year, and would not be worth Six Pounds if he had no Right of Common; that there might be a Angle Acre in Ch, not worth so much as Tweifty-five Shillings an Acre, but those he rented were worth that Sum.

That the Rhines are kept in Repair by those who have Right of Common, and every one does it equally, but the Cottager does not do so much as a Person who rents One hundred Pounds a Year, and does not know how it is proportioned, but imagines it may be according to the Size of the Tenement, though some have more than their Proportion of such Work.

That it is easy to prevent Trespasses on the Moor, by driving the Prey, which was done Three Times within a Fortnight the last Summer. — Being asked. How it became necessary ? he said, Because the Trespasser thought themselves safe, after it was first drove, so came again, and he never knew the’ whole Moor drove, but only in particular Distri&s.

That the Moor would be improved by draining, if it could be done with Safety, and without drowning Half the rest of the Country.

Being asked. Whether the Moor, in its present State, is worth Four Pounds Eight Shillings an Acre? he said, No, it would not yield that; but that the Moor would keep Four Bullocks on an Acre, from the First of May to the First of Septem, if it had not been

fed from the Month of January, and would not keep

Two Bullocks and Two Sheep on each Acre all the Year, nor Two Bullocks from to without

Hay. — Being asked. Whether the Lands about,

being worth Thirty Shillings an Acre, is not owing to the Advantage of the Common ? he said, Most of it, but some would let for as much as it does now, if the Moor was inclosed, and some would be worth nothing.

Thomas Tucker, a Farmer, being examined, said, That he is Fifty-five Years old, lives at Midlezoy, and has known King's Sedgmoor Forty Years, and is acquainted

with the Nature and Quality of the Land in all Parts of it, some of it being very good, others very indifferent.

That Trespasses may be prevented on the said Moor if well looked after, and knew several detected last Year, and that the several Parishes, Manors, and Places, who have Right of Common, have been accustomed to drive the Prey, and may do it as often as they please j and if proper Rules and Orders were made, might be prevented without dividing the Moor into separate Commons; and if it was properly drained, the dividing it

would

i2 Geo. III. a° Apr ills. 653

would not be any further Improvement, because Cattle are at present frequently mired there, and as then there must be more Ditches, the Flies would drive them more into them; and it cannot be divided by Hedges, the Soil being so bad, and if it could be done would be prejudicial, because the more Liberty the Cattle have on the Ground the better it is, by their having different Sorts of Grass, and there is no Inconvenience from the great Number grazing together as they now do. — That Cattle frequently range from one End of the Moor to the other, but not generally, which is no Inconvenience, as they easily find them; though he once loft a Beast for Forty Weeks, and has known it happen to others, but very rare, and this was the only Instance which happened to him in Thirty Years; that the Moor being lurrounded by Hills, there arc frequent Breezes from different Quarters, and Cattle now grazing at large go to those Points for the Benefit of those Breezes, and Cattle confined on inclosed Commons, where there is no Shade, could not be kept so well, as when they have the Liberty of the whole Moor; that the inclosing the same would be the Ruin of several poor Families, who now keep a Bullock or a Horse thereon, and have a Right to get Firing, which they would not then have. — That Firing is not to be bad on all Parts of the Moor. — That Turves are to be had about Midlezoy, which is the only Part he knows; and does not know, that any other poor People cut them except those of that Place; but it is understood, the Poor have a Right to cut Turves all over the Moor, as well as to graze. — That the Commoners have a Right to cut Sedge on all Parts of the Moor, but there are only Two Places where it grows, which may be about One hundred and Fifty Acres, but is sure not Two hundred.

Being asked. Whether a Right of Common is better over One hundred Acres worth Five Shillings an Acre, or Five hundred Acres worth only One Shilling? he said, He would rather have a Right over the Hundred Acres.

That there are between Fifty and Sixty Tenements in Midlezoy, called Old Auftres, which he explained to be an old House, or Spot of Ground where a House flood, which have Right of Common; and about Six who claim a Right from such Spots of Ground; and that there is no other Right, and believes there may be about Half a Score of such Tenements occupied by the Owners.

That each of the several Parishes and Places mentioned in the Petition, except Charlton Mackerel and Charlton Adam, have a drift Way to the Moor; and the Owners of such Old Auftre Tenements have a Right to put on all their Cattle without Stint, and hath heard ancient People, who are since dead, say the fame; and has known One Commoner, who may have rented Forty Pounds a Years, put on Forty Head of Cattle, and many poor Persons in the different Parishes are permitted to keep some Stock thereon, to prevent their becoming chargeable to such Parishes,

That Roads cannot be made on the Moor without great Expence, there being no Stones or proper Materials but at a great DistanccThat the People in-.terested therein are much against inclosing the fame; and it would be difficult on Account of the different Natures of the Soil to make a just Division thereof, and that many Disputes and Quarrels would happen therefrom.

Being cross examined, he was asked, What he meant by Treipassers being well looked after ? he said. They might be prevented by the Lord’s Bailiffs going out once in a Fortnight or Three Weeks, though not to drive the Prey; but does not know what Power they have, or what Authority to make Trespassers pay without driving; that the Prey were driven Twice last Year by the Parishes of Chedzoyand , but never knew the Geele driven, or what Rules or Orders there are to

Vol. 33.

prevent Trespassers; and that Cattle do not very often - (tray a great Way on the Moor.

That there is some Marsh Land about and &c. ’

IVi*ston, divided into small Inclosures by Ditches and Hedges, and Cattle are drove into those Ditches very often; that those Inclosures join together in some Parts, and there may be One hundred Acres about Midlezoy, but can’t say how many in Weston, or how many in a Plot, some Plots having One, others Two, Three, and Four, and are divided, some by Ditches and some by Hedges. — Being asked. Whether it would be better for the Proprietors of those inclosed Meadows at Midlezoy if the Ditches were filled up, and the Meadows laid Open in Common, for the Use of the Proprietors ? he said. He did not know: — That the Grass on the Moor is of different Sorts, some rough and some fine, and the Cattle will go where they can have the best, but would be better if it was all good. — Being asked. Whether if the Moor was all his own it would be better to have it divided than in its present State ? he said. No, he had rather have it all abroad. — Being asked. Whether if the Parish of Midlezoy had a Right given them to divide off in One Common, Seven hundred Acres from an; Part of the Moor, the Right of Common to that Parish would be better or worse, having then no Right of Common upon any other Part of the Moor ? he said. It would be worse, even if taken from the best Part; and if it was so, the rest of the Parishes would be uneasy.

That it is above Twenty Years since he heard of Old Auftre Tenements in Chedzoy, and that they always went by that Name.

That every Person who has a Right of Common does the Rhine Work before his own Ground. — Being asked.

If a Cottager does as much as an Occupier of Land of Fifty Pounds a Year ? he said, Some do, and some do not — And that all the Parishes have not different Drifts to the Moor, several going the same Way.

Mr. Robert Bryant, being examined, said, That the Occupiers of Old Auftre Tenements in the several Places mentioned in the Petition, except the Parishes of Charlton Adam and Charlton Mackerel, have a Right of Common on Sedgmoor, and does not understand there is any other Right; and that the Moor is extra-parochial, except such Part as lies in the Limits of Dunware, which is in the Parish of Bridgwater.

That he apprehends Auftre to be an Old Norman French Word, and to mean Hearth or Chimney; and in Law Proceedings, particularly in Leases and Copy-hold Grants, technically used, to mean a Dwelling House; and an Old Auftre Tenement signifiesa Tenement having an ancient Dwelling House upon it, or the Toft or Scite of such Dwelling House, and that they are called Old Auftre Tenements in Contradistinction to Tenements which have no such Old Dwelling House,

Toft or Scite thereof, — Being asked. Whether the Right of Common belongs to the Scite of the Old Auftre alone, without Reference to any other Land? he laid. It belongs to the whole Tenement; that these Tenements originally had Land belonging to them, which might have been fevered from them, and the Right re^'j^s to the House or the Scite thereof; and that the Right of Common is unlimited, and is equal to a small Tenement as a large one: — That he does not know whether the Lords of Manors ever exercised any Rights or Ownership over the Soil of the Moor, nor does he know to whom Estrays belong, and thinks the Right of the Soil is in the Crown, or its Grantees but is

very doubtful.

Then the Agent for the said Petition produced an Act, made and passed in the 10th and 11th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An A<5fc for opening the ancient, and making new, Roynes and Water Courses, in and near Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants; whereby the Justices of the Peace, the Commissioners of Sewer?, the Mayor

8 Dand

654 2° Apr ills. A. 1772

King’* and Two Aldermen of the Borough of in

DrafiwT County, for the Time being, and all Lords of

Tc!8" Manors having Right of Common on the said Moor, are appointed Commissioners for putting the same in Execution; and they, or any Seven or more of them, and all Agents and Workmen by them employed, are empowered and authorized to drain, or cause to be drained, the said Moor, and to open xfll such Roynes or Trenches, for the more easy Passage of the Water through the said Moor, or the Land adjoining thereto, as they shall think fit, for better draining the said Moor and Lands near the famej and also to make Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, for the good and orderly Usage and Enjoyment of the said Moor, and the Commons thereof, and Commoning thereupon; and to set and execute reasonable Pains and Penalties upon the Breakers thereof.

He also produced and proved a Copy of a Writ or Mandate, tested 14th , 10th Edward II. di-

re<fled to the Escheator, touching an Inclosure of about Forty Acres of the said Moor, thentofore made by the Abbot of Glufim; in which it is taken Notice, that the Escheator had certified and returned, that in the Moor aforesaid all the Neighbours, who could have Drift Ways to the fame, ought to common with all their Cattle at all Times of the Year.

He also produced and proved another Charter or Mandate, tested nth N, 2d Edward 111. being an Inspeximus Charter of a former Inspeximus Charter, or Letters Patent, tested 8th , 13th Edward II.

exemplifying the First Writ or Mandate of 14th February, 10th Edward II.

He also produced and proved a Copy of the Grant from the Crown, by Letters Patent, dated at Westminster 515th January, 7th Charles I. whereby the King, in Consideration of £. 12,000. paid by Sir Cornelius Ver-muyden, Knight, and in Consideration and Performance Of certain Covenants made between Richard Lord ton. High Treasurer of and Francis Lord

Cottington, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, of the One Part, and the said Sir Cornelius Vermuyden of the other Part, bearing Date the 15^ GElober then last past, and for divers other good Caules and Considerations, of his special Grace, certain Know-lege, and mere Motion; and also, at the humble Petition, Requisition, and Nomination, of the aforesaid Sir Cor-nelins Vermuyden, and of Gal/red , of London, Esquire, One of the Executors of Lord Viscount Bamiyng, deceased, did give and grant to Sir Robert Heath, Knight, then late Attorney General, and then Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, Sir Richard Shilton, Knight, Solicitor General of Sir Robert Barckley, Knight, One of the King’s Serjeants at Law, and Edward Bishop, of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, all that his great Waste, and all those his Lands whatsoever, and Waste Land, Common and Moor, called or known by the Name of King's Sedgemoor, otherwise Queen's Sedgemoor, with its Rights, Members, Liberties, and Appurtenances whatsoever; and also all those Parcels of Land, Ground, and Soil, in or within the Waste Land or Moor aforesaid, containing by Eftinmtion Ten thousand and Three hundred Acres of Land, more or less; and also all and Angular Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whatsoever, contiguous, lying, and being, in a Plain called or known by the Name of King's Sedgemoor, and in or within the Limits, Precincts, or Perambulation, of the Waste, Common, or Moor, aforesaid, and to the said Land belonging, and all and Angular Messuages, &c. and also the Reversion and Reversions, and all Rents and Annual Profits whatsoever, reserved, Kc; and did grantee, that the said Grantees, their Heirs and Assigns, should and might have, hold, and enjoy, within the aforesaid Waste Land, Common, or Moor, Tenements, and Hereditaments, alt and Angular Goods and Chattels a

waived and Estrays, Goods and Chattels of Felons ai Fugitives, Felons of themselves, and put in exigex from Time to Time, happening, coming, or being, aj all such and the like Rights, Jurisdictions, Libertii Customs, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantage Emoluments, and Hereditaments, whatsoever, as, ai as fully, freely, and wholly, and in as ample Mann and Form, as any Person or Persons thentofore, ha ing, possessing, or being seised of the Premises afoi said, ever had, held, used, or enjoyed, or ought to ha had, held, used, or enjoyed, except all Advowsoi Mines of Lead and Tin, and all other Royal- Mir whatsoever, and all Prerogatives to the said Mir. belonging and appertaining, to have, hold, and enjc the fame, unto the said Sir Robert Heath, Sir Richa Shilton, Sir Robert Barckley, and Edward Bishop, thi Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them, their He and Assigns, in Fee Farm for ever, upon the Tru' mentioned in the aforesaid Covenants of the 15th D of October-, and also, upon Trust, that the said Ga/ft Kirby, as Executor of the said Lord Viscount Bannyt. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns. might ha and receive the Sum of £. 6,000, of the First Moni which should be raised out of the said Land, by Sa thereof, or otherwise, in Part of a greater Sum di from the King to the said Lord Viscount Bannyng in 1 Life-time, to be holden of the King, his Heirs and Su cefl'ors, as of the Manor of East Greenwich, by Feat only, in free and common Socage, paying the refo Yearly, out of such Part of the Premises only whii should be appointed and allotted to the King, his Heii Successors, and Assigns, to be held in Severalty, fr from the Right, Claim, or Title, of those who thi claimed Common of Pasture or Turbary in the Premise or any Parcel thereof, £. 100. at the Feasts of the Ai nunciation of the Blefied Virgin Mary and Saint Micht the Archangel; the First Payment thereof to begin at tl First of the said Feasts which should happen after ai Decree or final Order made in the Court of Exchequi or in any other Court, for such Part of the Premises be held as aforesaid by the King, his Heirs, Successb) and Assigns, in Severalty from the Residue of tl Waste or Moor aforesaid; and further, be did covena and grant with the said Sir Robert Heath, Sir Richa Shilton, Sir Robert Barckley, and Edward Bishop, th< Heirs and Assigns, that if at any Time thereafter at Composition should happen to be made on the Part the King, his Heirs or Successors, with any Lord any Manor, or other Persons whatsoever, for any Lai lying or being within the Waste Land, Common Moor aforesaid, from whence any Land or Wo< should be allotted or adjudged to the King, his He! or Successors, or Assigns, that then the King, his He: and Successors, should immediately after the Separate and Division of such Lands and Woods for the Kin his Heirs or Successors, or to the Use of him, his He or Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal England, give and grant to the said Sir Robert Heai Sir Richard Shilton, Sir Robert Barckley, and Ediva Bishop, their Heirs and Assigns, or to any other Perf or Persons, their Heirs and Assigns, to be named I them or their Assigns, all and singular the said Lan and Woods, and the Soil and Ground thereof, with t Appurtenances, so as aforesaid to be allotted and fep rated for the King, his Heirs or Successors, or to his their Use.

Then the Agent for the third-mentioned Petit! informed your Committee, that he rested the Proof the Allegations of the said Petition, upon the Eviden already given.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pi That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining a. dividing King's Sedgemoor into separate Commons;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tell*

i2 Geo. III.

2* Aptilis.

Tellers for the . } 39-

Tellers for the Noesgr"^‘ ’>" } 9S. So it passed in the Negative.

Accounts The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur-prdcated. suant to their Order,

An Account of Savings, on several Sums voted for the Pay of Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Ma-

rines, from the 15th of June 1757to the 24th of December .1768: And also.

An Account of Savings, upon the Sum voted for the Pay of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1771 j and also, of the Savings upon the Sum voted in the Account of Extraordinaries, in the Year 1770, for Levy Money for the said Augmentation.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts areas followed!j

An ACCOUNT of Savings on several Sums, voted for the Pay of Reduced Officers of Land Forces and

Marines, from the 25th June 1757 to the 24th of December 1768.

Savings upon the unclaimed Half Pay, amounting to the Sum of - r? % £.40,000

Pay Office, Horle Guards, 2d April.

Rich1 Rigby.

ACCOUNT of Savings, upon the Sum voted for the Pay of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1771 j and also, of the Savings upon the Sum voted in the Account of Extraordinaries, in the Year 1770, for Levy Money for the said Augmentation.

Savings upon the Sum voted for the Pay of an Augmentation to for the Year 1771 -

His Majesty’s Land Forces,

,090

5

Levy Money for the Augmentation - -

One-Half only of the said Sum having been issued to the several Regiments, upon the Vote of Parliament for Levy Money, amounting to - -

- £ 73*545 o

leaves a Saving? IQ

o

o

War Office, 2d April 1772.'

Barrington.

Ordered \That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Oak Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Timber, Reading of the Bill for the more effectually securing fuffirfent Quantities of Oak Timber, for the Use of the Royal Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ditto. A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East , was presented to

the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should pass into a Law, their Rights derived Vot. 33.

to them, in their Corporate Capacity, by Royal Charter, will be greatly infringed j and that the Petitioners hope, the Ends of the said Bill, so far as concerns them, will appear to the House to be fully answered, from the Restraint which the Petitioners have voluntarily laid themselves under, by a Bye Law which they have lately made in a General Court of their Proprietors, to the following Effect, viz. " That no new Ship* except " those now building, shall be built the Service of this Company, until the Tonnage of all the Ships " employed, or to be employed, in the Trade of this " Company, on Freight to and from the East,

shall be reduced to 45,000 Tons, Builders Measurement." And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counlid, against lb

much

Game.

Fflont

Arraignment

Creditors,

Ac.

Insolvent

Debtors.

656 20 — 3 0 A 17

much of the said Bill, as relates to the Shipping to be was directed by the Committee to move, that the employed in the Commerce of the Petitioners; and that have Leave to fit again.-

the same may notpafs into a Law. That this House will. Tomorrow I

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I until the said Bill be read a Second Time. to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England, is committed. That they

have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the better Preservation of Hares, Moor Game, Heath Fowl, and Grouse.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Feilde, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual proceeding against Persons {landing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy, was committed, the Amendment, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s TaWe: Whece the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law, by Arrestment and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Action$ upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, lie now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edmonstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Commiteee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for. indemnifying the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison against Actions that have been, or may be, brought for certain Escapes that have happened from the said Prison, through irresistible Force.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That the have Power to receive a Clause to compel Persons in Prison to give up their Estates and EfTefts for the Benefit of their Creditors.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday th< Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Com of the whole House, to consider of the Report was made from the Committee, to whom it w ferred to consider of so much of an Act, made i Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, A to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of 1 ment, the General Laws now in being, for regi the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the B of the Wheels of Carriages used upon Turnpike I and to the Number of Horses allowed to be used with; and to report their Opinion thereupon t House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday I ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the House, upon the Bill for the better securing an< serving His Majesty’s Dock Yards, Magazines, Ammunition, and Stores.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Me next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I-upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have or to qualify themselves for Offices and Employment! to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica within the Time limited by Law, and for giving the r Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify I bers and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Bo Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted stamped, according to Law, or, having been fta have been loft, or miilaid, and for allowing them to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to giv ther Time to such Persons as have omitted to mal file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of < to Attornies and Solicitors.

And then the House adjourned till To-m Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 120 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1772.

Pray ers.

QRdered, That the Bill for regulating the Elect Committee Men, for managing the Affairs < African Company, be printed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Comn to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, m; the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intitulec Act for better Preservation of the Game, within tha of Great Britain called England, is committed, Tha' have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, mo feftually to prevent the tracing of Hares, and 1 Game, in the Snow.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and dra a certain Parcel of Land, called or known by the ' of The Coin Pasture, lying in the South Fen, i

Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln; at

amei

12 Geo. III. 30 4pril 57

amending, and rendering mofe effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bounty in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolveedy That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a certain Parcel of Land, cal ed or known by the Name of The Cow Pafiurs, lying in the South Fen, in the Parish of Bounty in the County of Lincoln; and for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lard Browlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Voices: Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-

Paunton m,ttee, to whom the Bill to confirm and establish an lndosure. Indenture of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing le-veral Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish ol Great P aunt on, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing; several other Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the same Manor and Parish, is committed.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham bet1.

Sir William Do/bcn presented to the House, accord- Mario* ing to Order, a Bill {pr incorporating the Members of a Society commonly called The Marine Socand their Success! rs, to be elected as therein is mentioned, and for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Boufquet’s for naturalizing John Boufquet, was read a Second Nat-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Bacon, Mir. Lowndes,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir James Long reported from the Committee, to Jones’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eft ate. Act for granting to William Jones Esquire," on certain

Contingencies therein mentioned, a Term for Ninety-nine Years, if he shall io long live, in the Real Estates late of William Jones, Esquire, deceaseci, in the several Counties of Wilts and Berks, upon such Terms as are therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

Felon* An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual proceeding Arraignment, against Perform standing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy, was read the Third Time.

Rfohcd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual proceeding against Persons standing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tithes: Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to

Quakers. Order, a Bill for enforcing several Acts of Parliament, for the Recover}' and Payment of Tithes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People calted Quakers; and for enlarging the Powers thereby given: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ayr Mr. Kennedy reported from the Committee, to whom

Harbcur. the Bill for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of for enlarging and

improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting Docks, Brealts, Jcttees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships,. Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; anel that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and alterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 25. After " Widow," insert " in which " laid Will is contained a Power " for the ref; eftive Tenants in " Possession of the said Dilates, to " make Leases or Grants of any *' Parts thereof, which have been usually demiled or granted at " such Rents, and for such Terms,

" and under such Restrictions,

" as in the said Will are- mentioned " and contained, and"

Pr. 16.I. 12. After " notwithstanding," insert "with " the like Power of making Leases " and Grants of the Premises respectively, in such Manner, and " under such Restrictions, as are " mentioned and contained in the " said recited YV ill of the said Testator, William deceased."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill to amend an Aff of the Tenth "Year of the St. Mariin*# Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Work- (Westminster) house, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within Workhouse. the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Eari Percy, Mr. Hawke, &c-: And they, are to meet Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Thorpe A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Achurch Fields, Meadow Grounds, and other Commonable lndosure. j^an(jSt within the Parish of Thorpe Achurch, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dclben, Sir John Paimer,8cc.: And they are to meet

VOL.33.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Air. Pechell.

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of the Infant Children of the 8 E honourable

3 ° Aprilis. A. i

honourable Mary Sandvsdeceased, to make Leases of their settled Estates in England and during the ir

respective Minorities; to which the Lords desire the , Concurrence of this House, And also,

Eftite The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, in the County of Southampton, late the Estate of John Mills, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof towards discharging his Debt, and Legacies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Cruttenden’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of Edward Holden Cruttenden Esquire, deceased, in the Parishes of Putney and in the County of

Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sandy*’ An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. to enable the Guardians of the Infant Children of the honourable Mary Sandys, deceased, to make Leases of their settled Estates in and Ireland, during the ir

respective Minories; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Heath A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Incloliwe, Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, &c* and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Heath otherwise Hethe, in the County of Oxford; and for exonerating certain Lands belonging to William Fcrmor, Esquire, from Tithes and Right of Common, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord Weu~ man, Mr. Ougley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stoke Prior An. ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the lndofure. Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Stoke Prior, in the County of , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Stoke Prior, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. D do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tardebigg An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing such Part Ir.doforc. of the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of

Tardebigg, as lies in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing such Part of the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Tardebigg, as lies in the County of I Tor refer.

Ordered, That Mr. Ddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and dvlirc their Concurrence.

Dun (table, An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effectua!, several Acts for repairing the Highways be-°a ‘ tween Dv.nftableand Hock in the County of Bedford,

and from the Sign of the to the Sign of the King's Arms, in Hock/ijfeaforesaid; and also for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon a nd to the

Bull Inn, in Dunjlableaforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and render more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of the White Horse, to the Sign of the King's Arms, in Hock life aforesaid; and allb for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Read leading from the

Sign of the Waggon and Horses, to the Bull ir Jlable aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Ougley, do carry the Bill Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Congreve reported from the Committee, tc the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in the Road from Bur/ton, in the County of t

Knockin, to Llanymy neck, in the same County mitted, That the Committee had examined the . tions of the Bill, and found the same to be tru that the Committee had gone through the Bill-,an several Amendments thereunto; which they had c him to report to the House; and he read the Re his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, v. Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wh Amendments were Once read throughout; and Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Q severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the L

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendme ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, 1 for veil ing certain Lands and Tenements, in the < of Southampton, late the Estate of John Mills, I: deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for apply] Money arising from the Sale thereof towards difcl his Debts and Legacies; was read the First Tim

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, i for veiling the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of I Holden Cruttenden, Esquire, deceased, in the Pari Putney and Roehampton, in the County of Sui Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, v, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Electing ofaBurgefsto serve in this present Pari for the Borough of New in the Cov

Oxford, in the room of John Esquire, win

his Election for the said Borough, hath accept Office of Second Justice of the Counties of Che tier Denbigh, and Montgomery.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the 1 embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen and Low Grounds, in the Pari 111 of Ramsey, County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Dod, March, Benzviek, and Chatteris, within the Isle of the County of Cambridge; and for amending th from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris af Called Carter s Bridge, by a Drain called The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Fo, Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, is committe-Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, for raising, out of the Estates, late of Ann . deceased, the Sum of £. 10,000 for the Benefit Right honourable Robert Craggs, Lord Viscoun in the Kingdom of Ireland, her late Husband; raising, out of the Estates late of Elizabeth El ceased, the like Sum of £. 10,000 for the Bei Edward Eliot, Esquire, in Recompence and Sati: to the said Robert Lord Viscount Clare and Edwar for their severally consenting to give up and rel certain Powers of leafing for Lives, or Years de able on Lives, reserved to them respectively, in the several Jail Wills of them the said Ann Nug Elizabeth Eliot, and the Settlements which ha\ made in pursuance thereof; and for vacating, am and extinguishing, the said Powers of leafing;

12 Geo. III.

3° Apr H

659

other the Purposes therein expressed, was read a Second Time.

Ref ri ed, That the Bill be committed to Lord Lif bvrne, bir John Mo/esworth, &c.: And they are to meet th;s Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

EfUtes, Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

AilVts make Freehold and Copyhold, and Customary Freehold,

or c t.«. Assets for Payment of Simple Contraft Debts,

v.as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

0/ *dered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inmofil'd.

o

Birmingham Mr. Skipichh reported from the Committee, to whom w^rou8h the Bill for enl arging the 'Perms and Powers of Two See. Qr^ Acts, made in tire Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Roads. George the First, and in the Twenty* first: Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading trom Birmingham, through the Town of Wedneshury, to a Place called High Bul/en> and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brittcl Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Wcrcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hisPiace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

» Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Bill to continue the Term, and vary the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first. Year Roads. Kc'gn of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton District. of Reads, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Lowndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. r

Win<* Mr. George Bridges Brudenell presented to the House> Inclosur?. aCCor(hng to Older, a Bili for dividirg. allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Wing, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wolverhampton,

&c.

*Ways and Means.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

VOL. 33.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the . Spurn Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Lighthouse*. tuled. An Act for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses now (landing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Lighthouses instead thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tef Sir George Savile, Sir Thomas Clavering, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Market cording to Order, a Bill for draining and preservin» Wc'?ht0B certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, in the Pa- D,ainaSe rish of Market Weigkton, and other adjacent Parishes, in the East Riding of the County of; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Market Weigh-ton, to the River Humber: And the same was received j and read the First Lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Insolvent to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Debtors, to consider further of the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, Bastard who were appointed to enquire into the State of Settle- ren*

ments gained by Bastard Children, born in Lying-in Hospitals, and other Houses of Public Charity; That the Committee had enquired accordingly*an^ COIPe to several Resolutions; which they had dire<sted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Settlement of Bastard Children born Lying-in Hospitals, and other Houses appropriated for the Reception of pregnant Women, is, by the Law, as it now (lands, in the Parishes wherein such Children are born.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, by falle Informations, several unmarried Women have been admitted into Lying-in Hospitals, instituted for the Reception of married Women only, and wherein, by the Rules of Admission, an Oath has usually been required.

66o

3° — 6® Aprilis. A. 177

quirec’, to certify the Marriages of Persons therein admitted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of maintaining Bastard Children born in Lying-in Hospitals, and in other Houses appropriated for the R< cq tion of pregnant Women, is extremely burthenleme to the particular Parishes wherein they happen t,) be situated; and, if not put under some better Regulation, are likely to increase the Charge to ap Extent th; t such Parishes will not be able to bear.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the fixing . the Settlement of Bastard Children, born in Lying-in Hospitals, and in other Houses appropriated for the Reception of pregnant Women, to the Parishes to which the Mothers of such Children belong (as is enacted by the Seventeenth of George the Second, in the same of Women wandering and begging) would be an effectual Relief to Parishes burthened by such Bastard Children.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill for regulating the Settlements of Bastard Children, born in Lying-in Hospitals, and in other Houses appropriated for the Reception of pregnant Women; and allb for the better Regulation of such Hospitals and Houses.

The Four first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent liesolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Settlements of Bastard Children, born in Lying-in Hospitals, and in other Houses appropriated for the Reception of pregnant Women; and also for the better Regulation of such Hospitals and Houses: And that Sir JoJ'eph Alow bey, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Feiide, Mr. Barrozv, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Diffeaters. The House was moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dilfenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly}

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, and other Rights and Ceremonies; and for establishing the Form of making, ordaining, and con-lccrating Bifhcps, Priests, and Deacons, in the Church of England, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of such Persons as, by Sick-ness, or other Impediment, were disabled from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity, and Explanation of Part of the said Act, might be read.

And the same w'as read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for restraining Non-conformists from inhabiting in Corporations, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s'Protestant Subjects, ' dilfenting from the Church of England: And that Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir George Savile, and Sir Me-

redith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Divorce* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Collier, Esquire, with

Christiana Gzcyn, his now Wife; and to enable hi

marry again; and for other Purposes therein tioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Comi of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon f

night, the 14th Day of this Inliant April, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon th

Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said mittee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine nefl’cs, for the said Bill; and also that they d< Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the faf if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by < fel, or produce Witnesses.

The other Orders of the Day being read; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVea Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee < whole House, upon the Bill to enable Their Ma to enfranchise Copyhold Estates, holden of the I of Richmond, in the County of Surrey.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the House, to- consider further of the Supply granted Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunte, 6° die Apr ills;

Anno 12® Georgii IIItn Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

CjtACQUES Louis P took the Oatl J pointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Sir John HyndeCotton reported from the Comt

to whom the Bill for embanking, draining, and p ing, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in tl rish cf Ran fey, in the County of Huntingdon, the Parishes of Doddir.gton, A larch, anc

tens, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cam and for amending the Road from a certain Brid the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's . by a Drain called Vermuyden sor The Forty Feet to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in tl Parish of Ramsey, was committed: That the Co

tee had examined the Allegations of the Bil found the same to be time; and that the Partit cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to th< faction of the Committee (except the Proprietor computed Acre?, who refused to sign the Bill; a except the Proprietors of 107 computed Acre could not be found; and that the Whole of the intended to be drained consists of 7,496 computed and that the Committee had gone through th and made several Amendments thereunto; whic had directed him to report to the House; and 1 the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliver Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Where the Amendments were Once read throu: and then a Second Time, One by One; and the Question severally put thereupon, were agreei the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Anrendmer ingrafted.

12 Geo. III. 6° Apriti 1

Corporations: *An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Admission of Free-

enJ5n’* men into Corporations, was read the Third Time.

h*1 °n* Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus for the Admission of Freemen into Corporations; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornwall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jones* -An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for granting to William Jones, Esquire, on certain Contingencies therein mentioned, a Term for Ninety-nine Years, if he shall lb long live, in the Real Estates late of William Jonei, Esquire, deceased, in the several Counties of Wilts and Berks, upon such Terms as are therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with forne Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Skinn’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce. to dissolve the Marriage of William with Ann Skim,

his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Feilde do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Birmingham An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers eib* rv'&c Tw0 Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

Road*, of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brittel in the Counties* of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. 4. After " on" to insert " or before."

1. 7. After " on" to insert " or before."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbttry, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of; and from Great

Bridge through Dudley, to Kingsivinford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

CHnftchurch, a Petition of several Persons, Owners of Houses and (Middle rex) Estates, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Christ Church, Sucets. ' and Saint Matthnv, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places,

Mol. 33.

within the Parish of Christ Church, in and for

removing Nuisances and Obstructions theretrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane, as are not within the said Parish; and Setting forth. That there are same Provisions in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Owners of Houses and Estates, and Inhabitants, within the said Parish and Limits aforesaid: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by tliemlelves or Coun(el, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect their Property; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Lid Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir George Colebrooke reported from the Committee, Sei Water, to whom the Petition of Charles Irving, one of the Surgeons of His Majesty’s Royal Navy; and also, the 1,wjVtry* Petition of Daniel Scott, of Westminst, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman; and also, the Petition of -tholomew Dominicetti, M. D. were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the First mentioned Petition; and had heard the ‘ Petitioners on the Two last mentioned Petitions, by their Counsel; and that the Committee had directed him to report a State of the Matter of Fast contained in the First mentioned Petition to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said First mentioned Petition, is as follows:

Your Committee being informed, That several Reports or Certificates, had been laid before the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; relating to Doctor Irving's Method of rendering Salt Water fresh; and also, in relation to a Discovery of a similar Nature, by Mr. John Hoffman, in the Year 1765, thought proper to order all such Certificates and Reports to be laid before them, to enable them to form a Judgment of the Utility of Doctor Irving's Discovery; and also of the comparative Merit of the Two Discoveries.

It appeared, by a Report from the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the Third of April 1765; a Copy whereof is hereunto annexed, N° I. "That Mr. Hoffman " had made an Experiment of his Invention, and that " from One hundred Ninety-four Gallons of Sea Water,

" from the Time of lighting the Fire under the Still, to " the End of the Process, which was Nine Hours and " 24 Minutes, he drew off from the said Sea Water " Eighty-one Gallons, Two Quarts, and Half a Pint of " fresh Water; and that the Quantity of Fuel expended " in drawing off the fame, was One Pound of Wood,

" and 139 Pounds of Coals. That the said Water was fresh, and, to Appearance, good, although somewhat " disagreeable to the Taste; and that the Tread of the " Still, with it’s Frame, and Worm Tub, was Seven " Feet Four Inches and a Half in Length, and Four Feet Five Inches in Breadth; and that the " of the Still Head from the Floor, was Six Feet Seven " Inches."

And it further appeared, by a Letter from the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, a Copy whereof is annexed, N° 2. That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty had ordered the Sum of £.500 to be paid to the said Mr. Hofftnan, as a Reward for

8 F Lis

Tf —

662

6° Aprilis. i*

Sea Water, his said Invention iAnd also a Guinea a Day for his r/'fr^frvi Trouble and Expences, from the Time he laid his 1 TCr proposal before their Lordships, to the Date of the said Order, upon Condition that he would discover the Chymical Preparation made use of in his Process; and that he informed the said Commilli oners, that it was no Chymical Preparation* but only a little Wheat Flour.

Then a Report of an Experiment of Mr. Irvings Method of rendering Sea Water fresh, tried on board His Majesty’s Ship Arrogant, was read to your Committee; and is as follows:

" Pursuant to the Desire of Rear Admiral Buckle, we whole Names are hereunto fubforibed, have " carefully examined Mr. Irving's Method of ren-" dering Sea Water fresh, by Distillation; and do certify. That Eighty Gallons of Sea Water did* " in Twenty-five Minutes after being put into the "Arrogant’s Copper, and a Fire made* distil in the

Proportion of Twelve Gallons per Hour, into fresh " Water, perfectly well tailed, and of less specific Gra-" vity than the bell Spring Water in this Neighbour-

hood. — It completely dissolves Soap, and affords no " Precipitation, by adding a Solution of Silver in " Aquafortis.

" Mr. Irving's Apparatus coBlifts of a single Tube, u between Seven and Eight Feet long, which may be

ealily made on board the Ship, of Tin, or thin Iron " Plates, and the Distillation carried on without Inconvenience to the Business of the Ship.

"We further declare, to the bell of our Judgment, " That this Method is founded upon a Principle in " Distillation new, and hitherto not practised; and which we believe will afford great Advantages to that " Art in general, as well as fully answer the End proposed, of supplying Ships with a sufficient Quantity of sweet and wholesome Water, and not to be " distinguished from the best Spring Water, after being " a short Time exposed to the Air.

" Mr. Irving has also communicated to us the whole " of his Process, which appears to depend on such " simple and evident Principles, that we apprehend " the moil ordinary Capacity sufficient to carry it " into Execution, on board any Ship or Vessel whatsoever.

" Every Ship’s Boiler or Copper, though deemed as " Two, is in fact but One large Vessel, with a Partition a nearly in the Middle, and although only one Part or " Boiler is in Ufc at the Time when Pease or Oatmeal " are dressing, yet Water must be kept in the other, to " preserve it’s Bottom: This latter Circumstance Mr. " Irving takes the Advantage of, and has actually drawnoff Sixty Gallons of fresh Water during the boiling " of either of the above mentioned Provisions; and by " a strict Examination of the Cook and his Assistants, " no additional Fuel was uled.

" But in Cafes of great Sickness, or where there is " an absolute Necessity of a greater Expence of Water " than usual, Mr. Irving can, by employing both Coppers, distil Five hundred Gallons of Water in the Space of Twenty-four Hours; and that with the " same Quantity of Fuel, in proportion to the Time as " is required in the ordinary Business of the Ship; and we are clearly of Opinion, that by an inconsiderable " Alteration of setting the Navy Coppers, at a very small Expence, according to a Plan ftiewn us by Mr. " Irving, there will be a considerable Saving of Fuel, " without any Inconvenience whatever.

P" ^HospitL'.thC } Jam'Lind. Jn’ Laforey, Captain.

Surgeon of the J David Ramsay ~ , rr , ,n.

yard. j jgarr J J Mailer.

" John Cowcher, Chymist.

" Thomas IV Surgeon."

A Report of another Experiment, tried on His Majesty’s Ship the Northumberland, u read to your Committee; and is as folio " By Order of Rear Admiral Buckle:

We do hereby certify. That we have most " inspected into by Mr. Irving's Method of rei " Sea Water fresh, by Distillation, and are well 1 Mr. Irving has made us acquainted with the " of his Process, which is eaiy, limple, and mol " tual, for the Purpose of supplying any Ship " with a sufficient Quantity of sweet and wh< " Water, without any Inconvenience whatever.

" And we do further certify. That we hav " carefully examined the Water distilled, and " freed of all Salts or other Impurities, and prese: any Water here in Ule.

" And we do further certify, That by Mr.

" Method, no Waste of Water ensues in boiling " lions for the Ship’s Company; that we have tail " Water drawn from Pease while dressing; and " agreeable and wholesome.

" Given Under oUr Hands, on board His M " Ship Northumberland, at Spit head, this E!

" Day of March 1771.

" Jtf Bogue, Surgeon, Northumbt

" Fred1 Thompson, Tartar.

" Ami Brown, Bellona.

" F. Hooper, Prince of h

Then a Certificate of the Captain, Two tenants, of His Majesty’s Ship the Cento others, was read to your Committee; at follows:

We whole Names are hereunto fubforibed, < " tify. That we have attended Doctor Irving's " for Distil] ing Sea Water, in order to render i "and that upon a fair Average, a Gallon 01 " Water was repeatedly drawn in Three Minut Half.

" This Operation lasted Two Hours and s with One of the Centaur's Coppers, during Time, the other was constantly boiling wi same Fire, but we did not make any ule of want of an Apparatus for that Purpose: Frot we have seen, we are convinced, that (at the mentioned Rate) Seventeen Gallons and a I good fresh Water may with Ease be distillei Sea Water every Hour, till a sufficient Qua obtained.

" Given under our Hands, on boar Majesty’s Ship Centaur at 4 *

1772.

" J. Be " Di Ma " Rich* Foul

" Anthony St " Am. Brozvti

Your Committee then proceeded to examin tain Bentinck, of His Majesty’s Ship Centaur, wl That he signed the last mentioned Certificate, ar the Quantity of Water therein mentioned, is under rated.

That he was present at a former Experiment Nineteen Gallons an Hour were distilled: Th< tried repeatedly, how long a Gallon of Water v\ tilling, and found it under Three Minutes and ar but that when the Second Experiment was ma which the Certificate relates, the Apparatus was good.

That the Process may be performed at Sea, in very rough Weather; and even then he th practicable.

The Witness added. That he has no Doubt sufficient Quantity of fresh Water may be he Use of any Ship’s Company, by Doctor j Method of Distillation, without consuming an; Fuel than is generally used.

12 Geo. III. 6° Aprii. -663

David Ramsay Karr, Surgeon of the' Yard at motitk, being examined, said. That he was present at the Experiment on board the A, and had signed the Certificate relating the reto: That the Contents thereof are ft rift ly true, but that the Apparatus was not then complete, and he is convinced (from other Experiments, which he has l'een since) that 16 or 18 Gallons of Water may be produced in an Hour while the Pease are boiling on board a Ship; and added, That the Steam is better collected by Doctor Irving's Process than by any former Method.

Mr. Simon Browne, Surgeon of the Arrogant, informed

your Committee, That he was present at the said Experiment, and signed the Certificate, and also the Certificate, dated on board the Northumberland: That the Contents of both the Certificates are strictly true; but that the Quantity of Water was computed under, rather than over. -

That the Water was measured as it was drawn off, which was at the Rate of One Gallon in Three Minutes and an Half; and he thinks any Ship’s Company may be supplied with fresh Water at that Rate.

He added, That when the Experiment was made, the Sea was lo rough, that Boats could scarcely get on board, and that the Ship was pitching.

Captain Richard Edwards, of His Majesty’s Navy, confirmed this Evidence in- regard to the Experiment on board the Centaur; and said. That he had seen a new Apparatus of Doctor Innng's, which distilled at the Rate

of Sixteen Gallons an Hour, from a small Model, much smaller than a Ship’s Copper.

Captain John Stott, of His Majesty’s Ship Juno, being examined, said. That on his Voyage to Falkland Island, in the Year 1771, he used Doctor Irving's Method of distilling Sea Water all the Time: That the Process is quite easy, and done while the Beef or any thing is boiling, is no Incumbrance or Inconvenience on board the Ship, nor attended with any additional Consumption of Fuel.

That he distilled about Three Hours every Day, and produced in general from Nine to Ten Gallons of Water an Hour, without uling more than One of the Ship’s Coppers j and he observed, that when he overlooked the Process, more Water was distilled than at other Times.

That the Water procured by this Process is more pure than any other Water, and mixes better with Grogg: — That the Officers and all the Crew preferred it to any other Water; and that they used it Five Months without any bad Effect:

That he thinks he could have produced Two Quarts of Water per Man every Day by this Means, though his Complement was quite complete, and that double this Quantity might be distilled, if both the Coppers were used, but thinks the Coppers would not stand this for any long Time, as it would require their working Twelve Hours each Day.

That no Ingredient is used with the Sea Water: That he thinks a Butt of Coals would produce Four or Five Butts of Water; and that the Apparatus is fixed as easily as you can put the Cover on the Copper:

That he so distilled ftom Water in which Beef, Pease, Oatmeal, and Pork were boiiing, and always found the Water fresh and good, though it partook of the Tasteof the Thing boiling.

He added, that he never found any Verdigreafe collect on the Coppers from this Distillation.

The Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty informed your Committee, that their Lordships were lb well satisfied of the Utility of this Invention, that they had ordered the Apparatus to be put on board all the Ships lately lent to the E>jl Indies.

And another Member present informed your Committee, that all His Majesty’s Ships that have been sent out lately have had it.

A Letter was then read from the last mentioned Member, when he commanded His Majesty’^ Fleet at Vot. 55.

Portsmouth, to the Secretary of the Admiralty,- dated 27th May 1771, wherein he fays, " That he holds Doctor " Irving's Discovery in great Estimation, begs Leave " to recomradnd the same to the Lords of the Admiralty."

In Support of the Second mentioned Petition;

The Agent produced the Specification of Letters Patent granted to the Petitioner, by which it appeared, that the Invention was not the same as Doctor ,it

being " For making Sea Water fresh by Distillation, and " carrying the Steam through cold Water, in a Worm, " to condense it."

And the Agerit said. That he had no Evidence to shew the Quantity of Water made fresh by this Method in any given Time.

In Support of the last mentioned Petition, the Agent called

Mr. Edward Lee, who laid. That he had seen Doctor Dominicetti’s and Mr Irving's Machines for making Sea Water fresh by Distillation; and that they are not the fame, the Doctor uling a Worm — which the Petitioner himselt allowed.

And the Witness being cross examined, was aflted. If he had ever seen the Petitioner produce fresh Water from Salt ? — he answered. He never had, and did not know that he could do it.

Appendix, N* I.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for victuallingHis Majesty’s Navy, to,

Esquire, Secretary of the Admiralty; dated 3d of April 1765.

In Return to your Letter of the 7th February last, acquainting us, that Mr. Hoffman had represented to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, that he had invented a Method of rendering Sea Water sweet and wholesome, by Means of a Still of a new Construction, and a certain Chymical Preparation; and that the Water would not only be better than has been hitherto produced from Sea Water, but that a larger Quantity would be obtained in leis Time, and with a smaller Quantity of Fuel than has been hitherto done by any other Process; and the said Invention would be of the greatest Utility to the Seamen of the Royal Navy, and to all Seamen in general, and signifying the Directions of their Lordships, as they understood the Apparatus was fixed in this Office, for making Trial of the said Invention; and the Sea Water arrived that was ordered to be sent us from the Nore, that we should cause Experiment to be made thereof, and circumstantial Minutes taken of the Quantity of Water rendered sweet from a certain Quantity of Sea Water, in what Time performed, with what Quantity of Fuel, the Goodness thereof when done; and, in short, of every particular necessary to enable their Lordships to form a true Judgment of the said Invention j and to transmit you the said Minutes, together with our Opinion upon the Whole, for their Lordships Information.

We pray Leave to acquaint you, that Mr. Hoffman having attended at this Office, and made an Experiment of his said Invention, we herewith inclose Minutes of the Process, by which their Lordships will be pleased to fee, that from a Still charged with One hundred and Ninety-four Gallons of Sea Water, Mr. Hoffman, from the Time of lighting the Fire under the Still, to the End of the Process (being Nine Hours and Twenty-five Minutes) drew off from the said Sea Water, Eighty-one Gallons, Two Quarts, and Half a Pint of fresh Water; and that the Quantity of Fuel expended in drawing off the fame, consisted of One Pound of Wood, and of One hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds of Coals. Eleven Quart Bottles of the said distilled Water were delivered to the Right honourable Lord Viscount Howe, One to Mr. Hoffman, and Eleven more to us, of which we have sent Six by the Bearer hereof, and the other

Five,!

Sea Water.

Irving's

Discovery.

66+

6° Apri

A. 17

Se* Water. Five, together with Seventy-five Gallons* Three Quarts, rving s an(j a pint, in a Calk scaled down, now rtfnain at

Discovery.

this Office.

With regard to the Quality of the said Water, we beg leave to represent, that it is fresh, and, to Appearance, good, although lbmething disagreeable to the Taste, but whethelr rt be Wholesome, or fit for Men to drink, or better than any other which has 'been hitherto drawn from Sea Water, we are not enabled to say, these being Points, that upon Mr. Hoffmans disclosing the Nature of the Chythical Ingredients, which ke tirade use of in his Process, we humbly apprehend Will come most properly under the Confederation of the College of Physicians, who, in the same of the late Mr. Appleby's Experiment, mentioned in our Letter to.Mr. of

the 8th January 1752, were of Opinion, that the fresh Water distilled from Sea Water by his Method, as appears by their Lordships Order to' us of the 10th May1753> was sufficiently cleared of the noxious Contents of Sea Water, and that no noxious Particles contained in the said Mr. Appleby's Process of Distillation were in his said distilled Water, and that the feme might be tried with Safety; and their Lordships, by their said Order, were pleased to signify; that the said Invention, so experimented and approved, appeared to be of Public Utility, as tending greatly to the Preservation of-Seamens Health and Lives in long Voyages, and deserving of Public Encouragement; and therefore directed us to pay Mr. Appleby Two hundred Pounds as a Reward for his Invention. r-

As to that Part of Mr. Hoffman's Postion, which fays, that a larger Quantity of fresh Water could be produced by his Method, and in less Time, and with less Fuel than has been hitherto done by any other. We have already observed that by his Experiment, Eighty-one Gallons, Two Quarts, and Half a Pint of fresh Water, were produced from One hundred and Ninety-four Gallons of Sea Water, in Nine Hours and Twenty-five Minutes, at the Expence of One Pound of Wood, and One hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds of Coals: And by our aforesaid Report of the 8th of January 1752, it appears, that Mr. Appleby, upon his Experiment, produced Thirteen Gallons and Two Quarts of fresh Water from Sixteen Gallons of Sea Water, in the Space of Three Hours and an Half, and at the Expence of Half a Bushel of Coals; and that he (Mr. Appleby) represented, that a Still of a much larger Size than what he made use of (which held only Twenty Gallons) might be worked with the same Quantity of Fire. From these Circumstances, we humbly apprehend that noconclusive Comparison can be formed at present, how far Mr. Hoffman's Experiment has the Advantage of Mr. by' s, in Point of Fuel.

We beg Leave to add, that by the particular Construction of the Still made Use of by Mr. Hoffman, we do not apprehend that he could have drawn off more fresh Water from once charging the feme, than about the Quantity produced from his Experiment before mentioned, without burning the Still; and that the Tread of the said Still, with it’s Frame and Worm Tub, was Seven Feet Four Inches and an Half in Length, and Four Feet Five Inches in Breadth; and that the Height of the Still Head, from the Floor, was Six Feet Seven Inches.

Copy.

Hen. Pelham.

A p f t s d 1 x, N° II.

Sir, Victualling Office, 5th June 1765.

The Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, having signified by their Order of the 31st of last Month, that having considered the Experiment lately made at this Office, by Mr. John Hoffman, of rendering Sea Water frefit and wholesome, by a Me-

thod which he represented to be superior to any hi used, by means of a new invented Still, and a < Chymical Preparation; and that the said Invenl Mr. Hoffman's appearing to be of Public Util tending to the Preservation of the Health and L the Seamen in long Voyages, their Lordships, in deration thereof, and of his having already difo the Principles on which his Still is contlrufted, £ his being ready and willing to discover the Ch; Preparation also, were pleased to direct us by the Order, to cause the Sum of Five hundred Pounds paid to the said Mr. Hoffman, as a Reward for h Invention, upon his making to us a full and fetisf Discovery of the said Chymical Preparation, and; Allowance of a Guinea a Day for his Trouble an pences, from the 7th of October last (being the E which he laid his Proposal before their Lordships) Date of the said Order.

We pray you will oleafe to represent to their ships, that Mr. Hoffman having attended us T was informed, that it is necessary for him to discov said Chymical Preparation to us, in order to enal to pay him the Money directed by their Lordfbij: Answer to which he acquainted us, that he did not use of any Chymical Preparation, the Whole ( Secret confiding in the Construction of the Still. V upon it was observed to him, that on making the riment, he did put some Ingredient into the Still, he kept as a Secret. To which he replied, It wa true, he did, but that it was nothing else but a Wheat Flour, to the Truth of which he is ready to Oath, as will appear by his Letter to us upon tb Subject, which we herewith inclose for the Inforn of their Lordships, and have deferred causing the h to be paid to Mr. Hoffman, which is mentioned in tl Order, until we receive their Lordships farther Dire concerning the same.

We are, Sir,

Your most humble Serv Ja‘ Wallact A Copy. Rob’ Pen,

T. Stephens,

Pht Stephens. Jonas Hants

George Mar

Ordered, That the said Report be referred l Consideration of the Committee of the whole Hoi whom it is referred to consider further of the S granted to His Majesty.

Sir Sampson Gideon reported from the Committ whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectu Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Re his late Majesty King George the Second, intitule Act for the more effectual draining and preserving Fen Lands, and Field Lands, in the Bounds ar cinfts of fVhittlefey, in the Isle of Ely, in the Cot Cambridge, so tar as the same relates to the Fen and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourt Fifth Didrifts, described in the said Act, wa: rnitted: That the Committee had examined th< gations of the Bill, and found the same to be trui that the Parties concerned had given their Con the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee the Owners of 293 Acres, who could not be foun also except the Owners of 68 Acres, who reflifed the Bill; and that the whole Number of Acres 1 be taxed amounts to 4,898; and that no Person ed before the Committee to oppose the Bill) ai the Committee had gone through the Bill, an< several Amendments thereunto; which they had < him to report to the House; and he read the R< his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, w Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wh Amendments were Once read throughout; anc Second Time, One by One; and, upon the C severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the J

12 Geo. III. 6* April 66$

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Burl ton. An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keeper- ing in Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Roads. Salop, through Knockin, to in the fame

County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County,' and from Knockin to the East End of Llanriader Road, and from Place Carrick Lane, to the Turnpike Road from Llanymynech to OJw near Mountain,

and from OJweJiry Turnpike Road, on Knockin Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane.

Ordered, That Mr. Congreve do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Old Street Sir Richard Glyn reported from the Committee, to (Middlesex) whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Road. Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the lleign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Leonard, Shoreditch,

in the County of Middlesex, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second'Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Side Gates be erected, unless Openings be made for evading the Tolls.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ayr An ingrossed Bill for deepening, cleaning, Icouring,

Harbour. preserving> and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for deepening, cleaning, Icouring, prelerv-ing, and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Kennedy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kemble, Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to i-^Sr whom the Bill for inclosing the Open Common Fields, ** and a Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Pari (lies of Kemble and Pool, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Yol. 33.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to Whom Holdemeft, the Bill for draining the Low Grounds and Cars, lying in *c-the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of drainage.

Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill, and Ca and Skeck/ing, Burton Pidfea, and- Ridgtnont, ham, Halsham, Owjlwick, Roojs, RimJ Tunstall, Wax-

holm, Eljlermvick, Lelley, HnmbletonFitting, Hilfton,

Garton, Aldbrough, Flint on i and Tanjleme, within the Seigniory *of Ho/derness, and East Riding of the County of York, was Committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,

(except the Owners of Acres, who refused to figrl the Bill, and also except the Owners of 42 Acres, who could -not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands to be drained consist of 2,737 Acres, or there-;

abouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read t he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were '

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, Richmond for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Bridge, 'whole House, upon Thursday Morning next, upon the Bill for building a Bridge across the River 'Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond aforesaid to William Wyndham, Esquire, in Fee Simple, be now read.

And the said Order being read according;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Three Weeks, the Thirtieth Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Birmingham Order, a Bill for building One or more new Church or Churche*. Churches, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields Shilton and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Shilton, ladofuie. in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Lowndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom Solihull, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the &c. Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Polls in Road* Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balfall Common, in the County of War-

8 G

666 6° Ap1772,

wick, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for executing several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and through the Borough of Warwick, to the utmost Limits of the said County, upon Edgehill, and of Persons who have considerable Sums of Money due to them on the Credit of the said Acts, and the Tolls arising on the said Road, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and near the said Borough and Road, was referred: That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tyne Sir Matthew White Ridley prefen ted to the House,

Temporary according to Order, a Bill for building a Temporary rl gc‘ Bridge across the River Tyne, from the Town of Nezv-castle upon Tyne to Gateshead, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First T une.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

l:

Wei ton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

Inclcfure. Open Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Welton, in the Haft Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aldwinckle A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Aldivinckle, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Sir William Do!ben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Pourtales* A Bill for naturalizing Jacques Louis Pour tales, was Nat. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Sir John Mole/worth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord’s Day. Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws now in being, for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday; and for preventing Persons who keep Victualing Houses, or Houses of public Entertainment, from being eleCled into, or serving, any Parish Offices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bcrroiworth Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee,

Inclosure. to whom the Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers and Authorities given to George Fief chi Heneag:, Esquire, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and 2

inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lin* coin, to charge certain Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, of which he is now strict Tenant for Life, with a certain Sum of Money, for reimbursing to him the Expences which he has been at in the inclosing the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Crickkwelfc others, of the County of Monmouth, was presented to Ac* the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for amending, widening, and altering, the Roads leading from Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, to the Crop Hands, beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and from a Place called the Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of Saint Maughan’s, to the Town of Grofmount, in the County of Monmouth, and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to Pontta-naft, in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County; and representing to the House, that the Road leading from a Smith’s Shop, at Stanton, in the Parish of Llarrvyhaugel, in the County of Monmouth, through Comyoy, to Chapel a Five, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Owen,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the InfoWwt Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Dc*>lor*-Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House *, and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Ways and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Mcaiu-was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report

12 Geo. III. 6* Jprilis.

port to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which, t>y an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company, for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, is directed to be paid within the present Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by the said Company, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several. Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Hotsile will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That the Petition of James AntigalHcau Laman and others, Proprietors of the late Pr*vateer.

Private Ship of War, on Behalf of themselves, the Officers and Crew of the said Ship, and their lawful Prize The Penthievre, a French Ship from China, worth

near £. 300,000. which had been illegally seized in the Bay of Cadiz, and unjustly given up to the French, by the Order of the Court of Spain, which was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

[Mr. Alderman Saw-1

bridge, I 1.

Mr. Alderman Oliver: J

Tellers for the Noes, ^'cSles Whitw. } I47' So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to West India bring in a Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign Security States to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold or Estates* Leasehold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to render the Securities granted to

such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent by Sale of such Freehold and Leasehold Estates;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House W»ya and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, eans* to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedr.efday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Brampton Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is* laclosure. concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon -, which Bill was, upon Monday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Yard*. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing and preserving His Majesty’s Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 33.

Mr. Methuen, according to Order, reported from the St. Nichola* Committee, to whom the Bill for allotting, dividing, and (Warwick) inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons, whose Property in the said Parish consists of 310 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 1,615 Acres, over and above the Tithes) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

And the House being informed. That no Counsel attended in Behalf of the said Bill;

The Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the Right honourable Lady Great heed, and James Money, Esquire, Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Nicin the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations

A. 1772.

668 6° — 70

tions of the said Petition, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing how the Allotment shall be made to Lady Mary Great-heed.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

» i.' ' ' ' . \ ..3

The other Order of the Day being read 5 Offices Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, mp oyments. Upon the to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, w ithin the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad millions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admiftions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

joner The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by iitlate. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to William Jones, Esquire, on certain Contingencies therein mentioned, a Term for Ninety-nine Years, if he shall so long live, in the Real Estates late of Williamsones, Esquire, deceased, in the several Counties of Wilts and Berks, upon such Terms as are therein mentioned: And also,

Shelley’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Edward Shelley, Esquire, to cut down and fell Timber, upon the settled Estates of the said Edward Shelley, in the County of Sussex, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; and other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 7* die Aprilis;

Anno 120 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772.

►1 1 1,

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing certain Com- Appleby mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Inclosure. Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Honyzvood, Sir Anthony Abdy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1 I , - 1 I /'#*. T* 1 > i ' f

I - > r4 L j. 4 1 v j+i in* 1 i

Sir Henry Hoghton prefen ted to the House, according Diflcaters. to Order, a Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Eill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

7i *.l Wftr V * "SHtyi! Cl+A.

A Bill for incorporating the Members of a Society, Marine commonly called The Marine Society, and their Sue- Society, cessors, to be elected as therein is mentioned; and for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray,

Mr. Solicitor General, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

> i* - ffl --f . -

i Pi 4* 0 'I.

Colonel Luttrell presented to the House, according St.Sepuldre to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment (MUdkfex> of the Poor, within that Part of the Parish of Saint p9l>rV Sepulchre, which is in the County of Middlesex; and ** for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and Open Passages and Places, within the same, and for removing Annoyances therefrom; and for making the Communication between Charlerhouse Square and Saint John Street, through Char ter house Lane, more convenient: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Trecothick reported from the Commit- Ramsgate tee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Harbour, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second. Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Curzon, Gascoyne: Skip with, Byn?:

j43

!*-

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a Common of Pasture, and other Common- &c able Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Inclosure. Parishes of Kemble and Pool, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved\

12 Geo. III.

7’ Apttlis.

669

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be. An Act for draining the Low Grounds, and Carrs, be, An Act for inclosing the Open Common Fields, lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of

and a Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Kemble and Pool, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. PenrudJock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dock-yard*. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing and preferring His Majesty’s Dock-yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendment,

ingossed.

be

Keyingham, Keyingham Marsh, Ry and Cammerton, Burftioick, and Skeckling, Burton Pidfea, and Ridgmont,

Ottringham, Halsham, Owjlwick, Roofs, fall, IVaxholm, Eljlernwick, Lelley, Humbleton,

Hilfion, Gartoti, Aldbrough, Flint on, and Tanjterne, within the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lord>, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers Benrwwoitlt and Authorities given to George Fiefcki Heneage, Esquire, Inclosure. by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of

coln, to charge certain Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, of which he is now strict Tenant for Life, with a certain

Sum of Money, for reimbursing to him the Expences Watford An ingossed Bill to enlarge the Coemetery or Church- which he has been at, in the inclosing the same; and

(Hertford) yard of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Her/- for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Church-yard, ford-, and to make an additional Building to the present Third Time.

Workhouse, for the Reception of the Poor of the said That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was be, An Act to amend arid enlarge the Powers and read the Third Time. Authorities eiven to George Heneage, Esquire.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Bill, directing the Trustees to keep an Account of the present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and Names of the Persons, and Sums of Money assessed, inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and for the Inspection of all Persons concerned. ~ ~

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Tune; and, upon the Question put thereupon,

w certain

Grounds, within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, to charge certain Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, of which he is now drift Tenant for Life, with agreed to Vy, the House to be made Part of the Bill, by a certain Sum of Money, for reimbursing to him the

" ..... the

Way of Ryder

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Hill, viz.

pr.n. 13. After"Vicar" to insert "and," and to leave out " and Overseers of the " Poor."

Pr io \ it. After " annexed" to insert " by " virtue of this Act."

Pr. iz. 1. 21. After " aforesaid" to insert " that

Expences which he has been at, in the inclosing same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delfte their Concurrence.

A Bill for draining and preferring certain Common?, Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of Market Weighton, and other adjacent Parishes, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Na-

Market Weighton Drainage, See.

from and after the passing of this vigable Cut, or Canal, from Market Weighton to the

Act, the several Pieces or Pareels of Ground herein after particularly mentioned, shall be, and " the same are hereby, vested in the " said Ann Holies, Earl of Essex, " and Thomas Clutterbuck the Elder, " and their Heirs and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question ' severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

River Humber, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John Cavendish, Sir Henry Hoghton, tec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Jacques Louis , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Podrule*

Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and that the Committee had directed him to report the

bev An Act to enlarge the Coemetery or Church-yard of the Parish of Watford, in the county of ; and

to make an additional Building to the present Workhouse, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Halsey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Holderness,

See.

Drainage.

An ingrafted Bill for draining the Low Grounds, and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Keyingham, Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill, and Cammerton, Burfwick, and Skeckling, Burton Pidfea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halfham, Owfwick, Roofs, Rimfwell, Tunflall, Waxholm, Elfternwick, Lelley, Humbleton, Fitling, Hiiston, Garton, Aldbrough, Flinton, and T'anfitrne, within the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Vol. 33.

Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Greenwich to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hospital upon the Bill for the more effectual vesting in the Royal Pnze’* Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when they House will please to receive the same.

8 H Ordered,

1

6.]0 7 0 April1772.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

King’* The Lord Ludlow presented to the House, accord-Ripton ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the nc o urc. Qpen and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of King's Riptott, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Would Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Newtoa whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Inclosure. Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Would , in

the East Riding of the County of r, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Reverend James Rudd, Vicar of the Parish of Would Newton, who refused to sign the Bill, as the Proprietors would not subdivide his Allotment, he not being content with a Ring Fence} but made no other Objection) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

_ duet’s Mr. Feilde reported from the Committee, to whom Mat. the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John , was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

ply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Four hunr dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the more effectually repairing the Fort of Cape Coast Castle, on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied as an Encouragement for the more effectually prosecuting Discoveries towards the South Pole.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open W»j and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor,

Parish, and Liberties of Wing, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Btudenell, Mr. Mackworth, See-: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Edmonflone, according to Order, reported from infoi* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Debtor, for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent (Scotland: Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law, by Arrestment and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Pro-mifiory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made.to the Bill, and which they had dir&fted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion St\ or Remainder in Fee Simple, now veiled in His Majesty, of, and in, an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of One hundred and Thirteen Pounds, one of the several Fee Farm Rents granted to the Right honourable Edward, heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, under the honourable James Archibald Stuart and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be given by him or his Heirs for the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act c for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of Edward Holden Cruttenden, Esquire, deceased, in the Parishes of Putney and Roehampton, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Loch-hart, Mr. Burrell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Merchants and Traders of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and many others, have duly qualified themselves to vote at the Election of Committee Men for the City of London, for the Purpose of managing the Affavv* of the African Company, agreeable to the Directions of ar Act, of the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Re jerry and that since the Time of their respective Qualifiea. tions they have had, and constantly used and exercise<d their respective Rights of voting by virtue of the f 'ai Act, for Three Committee Men for the said City 5 an that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Hill depending for regulating the Election of Committee

1

i2 Geo. III. f — 8° Apr His. 671

for the managing the Affairs of the African Company, (lamp^i according to Law, or, having been stamped, by which, the Petitioners are apprehensive, their Rights have been lofl or mifsaid, and for allowing them Time of voting for the said Committee Men may be affected to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further or destroyed: And therefore praying. That, if the House Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file shall think fit to make any Regulations in the Elec- Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to tions of Committee Men for managing the Affairs of Attornies and Solicitors, the African Company, the Petitioners Rights may be

preserved; or that they may be heard, by themselves or Ordered, That Mr. Robinson have Leave to make a their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may Motion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the Clock, tend to infringe or affect the fame, or have such And he moved the House accordingly.

other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem ', That there be laid before this House, an Sinking

meet. Account of the Income of, and Charge upon, the *?und*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, for the until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1772, with the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel. Surplus of the same remaining in the Exchequer for against: the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think the Disposition of Parliament, fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time That Mr. have Leave to make a West India

upon this Day Sevennight. Motion. S«urity!

And he moved the House accordingly. 2 ‘Ucs*

Bastard Ordered, That it be an I nil ruction to the Gentlemen, Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, for me Children’* who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 ement. regulating the Settlements of Bastard Children, born House, upon Morning next, to consider of the

in Lying-in Hospital, an J in other Hdufes appropriated Motion, "That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to for the Reception of pregnant Women, and also for the " encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend better Regulation of tucti Hospitals and Houses, That Money upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold they do make Provision in the said Bill, directing that " Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the the Settlement of Bastard Children shall, in all Cases, "; and to render the Securities granted to such

follow the Settlement of t be Mother. "Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the

" Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold and Mills’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act " Leasehold Estates," be now read.

Eftaw. fQr vesting certain Lands and Tenements, in the County And the said Order being read accordingly; ot South a nipt on, late the Estate of John Nli/Is, Esquire, Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

deceased, in Trustees. to be sold; and for applying the , That this House will, upon next.

Money arising from the Sale thereof, towards discharging Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said his Debts and Legacies, "was read a Second Time. Committee.

Refofued, That the Bill be committed to Sir Simeon

Smart Mr. Stanley, kc.: And they are to meet this And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Alter noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Chamber.

CLwdeftiae The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Muring?*. Twenty-hxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marringes, might be read. And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to amend the said Act.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

( Mr. Charles Fox,

Tellers for the Yeas, [ Mr. Byng:

Tellers for the Noes,| rd L,^urne'

62.

61.

Oak Timber.

I Doctor Burrell:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Fox, Colonel Burgoyne, and Sir William Meredith, do prepare and bring in, the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectually lecur-ing sufficient Quantities of Oak Timber, for the Use of the Royal Navy, be read a Second Time upon ‘Thursday Morning next.

Offices and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Employments resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be Vol. 33.

Mercuriiy 8° die

Anno 1 a* Georgii III. H Regis, 177a.

Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu, and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Berjlreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the End of the present Turnpike Road from Beffelfleigh to in the County of Berks, to Leckford, otherwise Sously Water, in the County of Wilts-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River from Great Oufebourn to Aldwork in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The

Berstreet Gates (Norwich) New Buckenham Road.

BefteHletgh* See

Road*

Frome,

See,

Roads*

Ure Bridge.

Bar’ytfcorpc

Inclosure.

Lauticr’s

Nat.

Chatham

Streets.

Dunsford,

&c.

Road.

Wfcnchester through A(hton, &c. Roads.

Tavistock to -Plymouth /re. Roads

Ockbrook

Inclosure.

Kingsnorton

Inclosure.

67a 8° AptilisA. 17

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Common Grounds, within the Hamlet of Barlythorpe, in the Parish of in the County of Rutland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Lauticr-, without any Amend* ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of in

the County of Devon, to Cherry Brook, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual Two several Acts, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of chester, in the County of Lancajierthrough the Town of

Ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherry Brook, and to Dunnabridge Pound; and from the Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, Common and Waste, Grounds, within the Liberties of Ockbrook, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kingsnorton, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: ^Vnd also*

The LotcIs have passed a Bill, intituled, An J enable the Governors and Assistants to the Laid Gc ors, in the Rule and Government of the Post'el Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar Sch< Elizabeth Queen of England, in the Town of ^4/7ie. in the County of Derby, in their Corporate Cap; and the said Governors and Assistants, as Truste Six Alms Houses in Asheburne aforesaid, foundec endowed by Christopher Pegg, Esquire, deceased* to vcy certain Lands and Possessions of the said School Alms Houses respectively, in the Parishes of U^ingerzi and Ashover, in the said County, to Henry G/adzvi.

IVingerworth, in the said County, Esquire, in Exch: for other Lands, in thfi Parish of ’, in the County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and i by, them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trx therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the C currence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that One of the Sheri of the City of London, attended at the Door; he w called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen the City of London.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read. Complaining of th high Price of Wheat and Flour; and representing to th House, that, if the Importation of Wheat, Whea Flour, and Indian Corn, were allowed. Duty free, i would be a Means of preventing a further Rife in th< Price of Bread: And therefore praying the House tc take the Premises into Confederation, and to give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income of, and Charge upon, the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1772, with the Surplus of the same remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read,

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To

ie

g

(Q

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o»

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens,

00

Income of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of

Afril 1772.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund - -....

Cicncra! Fund

South Sea Company’s Fund -Money paid fer Conscience Sake

Additional Duty on Paper, Anno 1731 -

Surplus of the Duties on Wines, Anno 174.3 -

additional Duty on Spirits, Anno 174.3 .

Duty on Glass, and additional Duty on Spirits, Anno 1746 Duty on Coaches, Anno 1747 -

Additional Duty on Poundage, since ill March 1747

Dufy on Wrought Plate -

Plate Licences, since 5th July 1758 -

Duty on S*Jr, since 5th April 1759 -....

Duty on Sweets, since Midfummtr 1737 -

Surplus Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, Anno 1714 -

Coals, Anno 1719 -

Additional Duty on Cards and Dice, since 15th Afril 1756 Ale Licences, since Easter 1756 -

New Duty on Plate ....

Surplus on additional Duty on Wine Licences, since 5th July 1757 Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum, since D° -D° — Coals, exported since D°

Surplus Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day 1746 Additional Subsidy on Poundage, since 5th April 1759 Duty on Chocolate, since D® -

Coffee, since D° -

Surplus on additional Duty on British Spirits and Low Wines, since iff July 17CI Additional Duty on Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, since aift April 1760 and 1766 D® — — since 2 iff Janrt 1762 -

Additional Duty on Malt, since 8th Ftbn 1760 -Additional Excise on Beer, since 24th Janrj 1761 -

Duty on Policies, since iff June 1765 - -

Coals and Bast India Goods, exported since D® -Silk Crapes, iAc. since ill August 1766 -

Surplus of Arrears of Duty on Houses and Windows, since Lady Day 1747 Houses and Windows, since 10th October 1766 East India Wrought Silks, since iff June 1766 -Drillings and Broad Linens, since 25th May 1767 -

Duty on Wine?, finCe 31st March 1763 -

Duty on Cyder, since 5th July 1763 and 1766 -Unrated Goods imported, undervalued

7, 1758, and 1762, and

£ '

515.84° 3

15 »74 5 ° 80,836 16 3 ‘8

7,723-----

,0>47+ 4

9.652----

*3.145 3 3

3 —

16 10 _7 4

8 10

15.645

93.108

*7

7«a

55.644

*'67

*,07©

4'*

3’040 — — 11,924 — — 1,438----

,8 4,7 16 18,203 *-----

]’S64 7 i 8,386 3 1,

75.699 17 5

1,304 —:

863_______

20,483-----

101,603___ —

19,420 — —

21 >13 9-----

>52,481-----

393-----

2,403 12 _ 1,241 2 aj|

3S'8i7

9.051

1,837

11,705

M37

4*

1

>s

>5

4

9i

1

6

4

18 7*

Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

and

Charge on the SiNRIM„ r

the till Ti UrID* ^or ^ie Quarter ended C 5lh Day of April 1772.

Td the Bank of £„„/ ,

Management, on the f *°T interest, and Charges of

Ctll /iPril 1778 . CenL c»nfolidated Annuities, to the

P*tt0 — for 6 Months Interest and Charges of

Management on the £* 3 per Cent, reduced Annuities, to D#

By Life Annuities, Anno 1766, with Survivorship at the Exchequer, for 6 Months Interest, to D° ——

Surplus the 5th Afril 177*1 disposeble by Parliament -

678,481 i 2$ 805,398 13 2

John Uughfon.

Exchequer, the Srh Day of April i77 2.

o

M

O

c ' *

385,06517 iij

293>'45 3

270 — —

1,483,879 i4 4I 00

7J14(3 7 7i

1483,879 14

OS

LK>

4

Welland

Ri?cr.

ditto.

Solihull,

Sec.

Hoad.

Hamfgate

Harbour,

Sec.

Shelley’ Estates.

Pourtalds’

Nat.

Berwick

Roads.

674 8° Aprilis. 1

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Lord Browulow Bertie be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River Welland, from Spalding High through

Cow bit, Peakhill, Croud and, and; and for mak-

ing and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of Gltnton, in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River Welland, from Spalding High Bridge, through CowbitPeakhill, Cmvland, and Peakirk; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of in

the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton: And the same was received and read the Firtl Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the Warwick Road near Solihull, to the Guide Polls in Kenilworth, and from 'Stoni Bridge, to meet the

aforesaid Road on BalJ'all Common, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the Wanvick Road near Solihull, to the Guide Posts in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balfall Common, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire th^r Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fecrmd Year of the Reign of King^ George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramfgateand for cleansing, amending, arid pre-

serving, the Haven of Sandwich, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Vie, An Act to explain and amend an Act. made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining tire Harbour of Ramsgate-, and for cleansing, amending, and pfeferving, the Haven of Sandwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Trecothick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Edward Shelley, Esquire, to cut down and fell Timber, upon the settled Estates of the said Edward Shelley, in the County of Sussex, and to invest the Monies anting therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to die Uses of the said Will, and other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Jacques Lotas Pour-tales, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Jacques Louis Pour tails.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Bang house Walls, to Compton's Lanes and and

from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from law Afuir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sif f he at as Cluvcr in-presented to the House,

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and ir.closing a Moor, or Common, called flv: feels Moor, wit Parish and Manor ot Lanchester, in :i e County 1 of Durham: And the tame was received; and 1 First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Mr. Fane presented to the I-Ionic, according tc a Bill for dividing and inciolir.g certain Moors, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, call Intack or Cow Pa fare and Shaw Wood, in the P Saint Oswald, and Manor of Ch.fier, in the Count tine of Durham; and for exiinaruishing all Right u

. O O c_*

mon in certain inclosed Intercomnion Lands then the same was received; and read the First Time.

RefcheJ, That the Bill be read a Second Tim<

The House being informed that the Bill, for ing several Acts of Parliament for the Recovery an ment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, Ir People called Quakers, and for enlarging the thereby given; which Bill was upon Friday last n First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Tiu several Interlineations; and that proper Blanks w left therein;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Rea the said B-.il be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Crdacd, That Leave be given to present a Bill in Head thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Page be added to the Gent who were appointed to prepare, and bring in, ti Bilk

Mr. Serjeant Glynn presented to the.House, acc to Order, a Bill lor repealing certain Provisions i Acts of Parliament, so far as the lame-refate to: ing the Highways in the Parish of Mary,

chapel, in the County of /hr; and for

Money for repairing the said Highways: And the was received; and read the First Time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to < a Bill for enforcing several Acts of Parliament f< Recovery arid Payment of Tythes, and other Ecc tical Dues, from the People called Quakers, ar enlarging the Powers thereby givers: And the lair received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Comn

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and J of V/elton, in the County of Lincoln, was comm

That the Committee had examined the Allegatk the Bill, and found the same to be true; and th: Parties concerned had given their Consent to the I the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Re\ Mr. Dow big gin, who is possessed of 102 Acres of

in the said Parish, who, on being applied to, wool' no Answer, but that his Lessee for Three Live signed the Bill; and except John and Job

tois, who are possessed of 102 Acres of Land in t!: Parish, who refilled to sign the Bill, but said they 1 not oppose the fame; and also except One Cot who could not be found; and that the Whole < Lands having Right of Common, consists of Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person apj before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and th; Committee had gone through the Bill, and made ral Amendments thereunto; which tLey had di him to report to the House; and he read the S in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Whci

Amend

i2 Geo. III.

8° Aprilis.

67

r

Justices of

Cheiier

and

Wales.

Insolvent

Debtors

(Scotland.)

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a mittee had gone through the Bit!, and nir.de feverr.1 Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liber* ties of , in the County of , was

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ricepresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Ju Alices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brampton

Indofmc.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent committed; That the Committee examined the Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; the Diligence of the Law, by Arrestment and Poinding, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and /or limiting Atftions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called. Scotland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; __..... — ,-OJ . o

2 he l-Iauferelumed t la e adjourned Consideration of having Right of Common are Sixty-two, Five of whom the said Report would not sign the Bill, and Ten others could not he

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the found; and that no Person appeared before the Corn-Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second mittee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had Time, were, upon the Cjueftion severally put there- gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments upon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, 'by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

-- — ~ — — - o

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Two Acres of Land in the said Fields intended to be inclosed, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 2,033 Acres, and the Number of Cottagers

Dock-

yards.

' Knjtv^rpffed Bill for the better securing and preserv-iri^Kvs'^Aajeft.y’s Dock-yards, Magazines, Ships, Am-.munition, and Stores, was read the Third Time. „

Refolded, That the R\U do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for the better securing and preserving his NUjetky’s Dock-yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores.

Ordered, That Sit Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Estates

Affttu

for

Debts.

An ingrossed Bill to make Freehold and Copyhold, and Customary Freehold Estates, Afietts for Payment of Simple Contract Debts, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5.1. 17. To leave out " restored to his or their " former Possession of such Lands " and Tenements, so extended as " aforesaid, without any fresh Admission to the fame," and to insert " shall be reinstated in their " former legal Estate, Interest, and " Possession, in as full and effectual " Manner, as if such Lands and " Tenements had never been taken in Execution" instead thereof.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hdufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses in Fenchurch Street, and Addle Street, in the City of,

escheated to the Crown, by the Death of Lieutenant General John Brown, without Heir, unto Frederick Montagu, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the Trusts therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,’

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Saint Ive's Lane, in the Town of Saint Neot's, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage, called Highfield House, and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of G/ou-cester, the settled Estates of Benjamin Jason Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed as therein

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question mentioned; and for laying out the Money arising by such

put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectually securing the Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Ambler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deGre their Concurrence.

West Halton Lord BrownlowBertie reported from the Committee, Inclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Lordship of West Halton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to tM Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com-Vol. 33.

Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolvc rtlclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to Capital Offences; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

Brown’s

escheated

Estates.

St. Neot’s (Eynetbary) Road.

Perrott *s Estate.

Criminal

Laws.

1

Richmond

(Surrey)

Manor

VJUtec.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

Offices

and

Employments

6j6 8° — p°

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Their Majesties to enfranchise Copyhold Estates, holden of the Manor of in

the County of Surrey;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refofte itself into the said Committee.

A. 177

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have Leave to mak Motion, it being Half an Hour alter Five of Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Account of the Difference between and

of the 64th and 65th Regiments of Foot, from the f Day of September, to the Twenty-fourth Day of Dec her 1768, voted in the Account of Extraordmarics in Year 1769.

And then the House adjourned till To-mor Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 90 die;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Sutfply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the aoth of December 1770, and the 20th of February 1772, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Bpurfuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or, having been.stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Anno 12° Georgii III’" Regis, 1772. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for embanking, draining, and serving, certain Fen Lands, and Low Grout in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Hunting, and in the Parishes of Doddington, , Ben.iv

and Chatteris, within the of Eh, in the Count Cambridge-, and for amending the Road from a tain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, ca Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuy den's, or '

Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The. Forty , Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey -, was read Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the! be. An Act for embanking, draining, and preserv certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the#Parifl Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Pari of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimbling!on1, and C teris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambric and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bri by a Drain called Vermuydens, or The Forty Feet Di to a Bridge called The Forty Feet. Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more ef tual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, tituled. An Act for the more effectual draining and serving of several Ferv Lands and Field Lands, in Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of in the County of Cambridge, so far as the same rel to the several Fen and Field Lands lying in the T1 Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said was read the Third Time.,

The Amendment following was proposed to be n to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 16. Aftef " found" to insert " to-fell." _ And the said Amendment was, upon the Quel put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Rei^ his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Act for the more effectual draining and preservin several Fen Lands and Field Lands, in the Bounds Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of in the Co of Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the several and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourth, and ] Districts, described in, the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir Sampson Gideoh do carry the B; the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

id Geo. III. p° j^677

St. Mary Mr. A'lackworth presented to the House,-according to W"aftc Grounds, in the same Manor and Parish, was le Bone Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual committed; That the Committee had examined the Ciuircn, See. ajj Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and making a Cemetery or Church Yard, and for building that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex: And directed him to report to the House; and he read the the same was received; and read the First Time. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Berwick Colonel Pringle, according to Order, reported from a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Ronds, the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Berwick, at or near Bang house tValls, to Compton's Lanes ingrossed. and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth

and from W/iitelaw Muir to Compton's , in the County of Berwick, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Hall, Esquire, Heritor of the County of Berwick, was referred; That the Committee had con-fulered the said Petition-, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by . the House. *

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging, Versons in the natural Possessfion of their own lands, to assist. at repairing the Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Tart of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Qame# Sir George Tonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part ot Great Britain, called England, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments were necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

African Ordered, That Richard Camplin, Esquire, Secretary to Company, the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, do attend this House upon Morning

next, upon the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the Election of Committee Men for managing the Affairs of the African Company.

Great Lord Brotvnlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Xnclosure *° wh°m the Bill to confirm and establjfh an Indenture of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Great Patmton, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing several other Common Fields, Heath, and Vou. 33.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Alhtbume to enable the Governors, and Assistants to the said Charity. Governors, in the Rule and Government of the Posser-fions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of Elizabeth Queen of England, in the Town of Asheburne, in the County of Derby, in their Corporate Capacity; and the said Governors and Assistants, as Trustees of Six Alms Houses in Asheburne aforesaid, founded and endowed by Christopher Pegg, Esquire, deceased, to convey certain Lands and Possessions of the said School and Alms Houses respectively, in the Parishes of IVingerworthand A (hover, in- the said County, to

Henry Gladzvin, of IVingcrxverth, in the said County,

Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands, in the Parish of Brailsforcl, in the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Musgrave presented to the House, according to Sfeinton, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common &c. and Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields, Inclosure, within the Townships or Hamlets of Great and Little Stainton, Nezvbiggin, and Great Blencow, in the Barony -of Greystock, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Corn. Common Council, together with the Gentlemen, Clergy, (Cofcheflter.) and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of,

in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn and Provisions: And praying. That the free Importation of Corn and Provisions of all Kinds, into all or any of the Ports of this Kingdom, be allowed, or such other Relief given, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Timber, Account of all Timber, Plank, Deals, and Boards, ini- Sec. ported into Great Britain, from the First Day of January 1766, as far as the fartie can be made up; distinguishing the several Species of such Timber, Plank,

Deals, and Boards, imported in each Year, the Countries from whence, and the* Ports to which, the same have been imported.

A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the’ ChriAChurch Tower Hamlets yin the County of Middlesex, was pre- (Middlesex.) fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the treet*» *c* Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Christ Church, in Middlesex, and for removing Nui-lances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane, as are not within the said Parish;

8 K and

90 Aprilis. 7

and setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it is now formed, it would, in many Rclpects, be impossible for the Petitioners to execute such Matters as they are by the said Bill required to perform, as the Law ftdnds; and'that there are several Parts of the said Bill, relative to the Power of the Petitioners, as Commissioners of Sewers, which will be extremely oppressive and inconvenient, and also prejudicial to the Inhabitants in general within the said Hamlets: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill; and that they may receive such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Greenwich Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the

Hospital: Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for nzes" the more effectual vesting in the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend to vacate any Agreement between the Commanders of the Expedition to Manilha.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

Much A Petition of several of the Freeholders, within the Wen lock, Parish of Much fVenlock, otherwise Magna,

r otherwise Great IVenlock, in the County of Salop, and

' nc 0 urc’ also of several Lessees upon Rack Rents, in the Manor of Much fVenlock, otherwise fVenlock Magna, otherwise Great fVenlock, within the Parish aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Uninclcrfed Parcels of Arable and Pasture Grounds, Common and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Much fVenlock, otherwise fVenlock Magna, otherwise Great IVenlock, in the County of Salop -, and setting forth. That the Petitioners will be much injured, and their Property affected, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as the Petitioners the Freeholders will be excluded from having their just Rights of Pasture upon the said Common and Waste Lands, and the Petitioners the Leasehold Tenants at Rack Rents, will be deprived of the Benefit of their re-lpedlive Leases: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred tc Consideration of the Committee, to whom the laic is committed: And that the Petitioners be heart their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said ( mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, a same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee.

The House was moved, That the Resolution o: House, of the 9th Day of November 1703, " Th: " Bill relating to Trade, or the Alteration of L.aws " cerning Trade, be brought into the House, unti " Proposition shall have been first examined and deb. " in the Grand Committee for Trade, and agreed t " the House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That no Bill rek to Trade, or the Alteration of the Laws concer Trade, be brought into the House, until the Propoli shall have been first considered in a Committee ot whole House, and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a St; ing Order of this House.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do make the Re from the Committee of the whole House, to whor was referred to consider further of the Supply grar to His Majesty.

The Lord Barrington accordingly reported from laid Committee, the Resolutions which the Commi had directed to be reported to the House; which read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at Clerk’s T able: Where the same were read; and ar< followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit That a Sqm, not exceeding Two hundred and Sevet four thousand Four hundred and Thirty-two Pou Four Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing, be gran to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordir Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and ot Services incurred, to the 20th Day of February 17 and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine huncl Ninety-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Per be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the 1 pences of the new Roads of Communication, and bu ing Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in Year 1772.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Secc Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereup agreed to by the House.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to th Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Savings in the Hands of 1 " Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster Genet " being the Difference between British and Pay " the 64th and 65th Regiments of Foot, from the Fi " Day of September to the Twenty-fourth Day of 1 " c ember 1768."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The laid Paper is as followeth; viz.

i2 Geo. Ill

9° Aprilis

679

SAVINGS in the Hands of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty's

Forces; Irifen by the following Regiments; viz.

To the Difference between British and Irish Pay of the 64th Regiment of Foot, from the ift of September to the 24th of December 1768, voted in Extraordinaries 1769 - - - -,) *

To the Difference between British and Irish Pay of the 65th Regiment of Foot, from the ift,) of September to the 24th of December 1769, voted in Extraordinaries 1769 - -,) "

- 931 16 11 * 931 16 11

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 8th ^4pril 1772.

£.1,863 13 10

John Powell, Atcomptant.

Ordered,_That the said F*aper do lie upon the Table, Richmond , now in the Occupation of Lewis Shep-10 be peru fed by the Members of the House. heard, to the River Thames; and for amending and

keeping in Repair another Lane, or Foot Path, leading Dispolmcn Ordered, That there be laid before this House an from the same Green to the River Thames; and for r., L, Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service making and keeping in Repair a Foot Pa th and of the Year 1771, have been disposed of; distinguished Towing Path from the End of the said Lane, along under their several Heads. the Side of the River, to Railhead and

Ferries;

Richmond Mr. Ambler reported from the Committee, to whom The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-

ISomj) the Petition of several Freehold and Copyhold Tenants quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in- e‘ Inhabitants, within the Manor of Richmond, in formed of the Subject Matter of the said Petition, gives the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Com- His Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; think fit.

and had. directed him to report the fame, as it ap- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee peared to them, to the House-, and he read the Report of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Their in his Place-, and afterwards delivered it in at the Majesties to enfranchise Copyhold Estates, bolden of th* Clerk’s Table: "Where the same was read; and is as Manor of ,in the County of Surrey, is cam-

followeth *, viz. mitted, That they have Power to make Provision in thf

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James said Bill, for enabling His Majesty to shut up a Lane, Bayer, Esquire, produced a Survey of the said Manor, or Foot Path, from a House near Richmond Green, novV by which it appears, that there are Two Lanes or Foot in the Occupation of Lewis Shepheard, to the Rives Paths, leading from the Green in Richmond, to the River; and for amending and keeping in Repair

Thames, which Foot Paths lead along the River Side to another Lane, or Foot Path, leading from the fagao Two Foot Ferries, one called Railhead Ferry, and the Green, to the River Thames; and for making and keep^ other Isleworth Church berry. Then, ing in Repair a Foot Path and Towing Path frqrp tbq

Mr. William Stallard, Surveyor, and an Inhabitant End of the said Lane, along the Side of the River, t<J of Richmond, informed your Committee, that one of Railhead and Isleworth Church Ferries, these Lanes or Foot Paths divides certain Grounds belonging to their Majesties, which would be much im- Mr. William Burke reported from the Commitfoe, proved if this Lane or FootPath was shut up, and laid who were appointed to examine into the Precedents, into the said Grounds; and that the (hutting it up with respeeft to the Messengers by wbqm Messages havfa would be no Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of Rich- been brought from the Lords to this House, and to re? mond, if the other Lane or Foot Path, called Palace port the same to the House, with what Proceedings havd Lane, was amended, and the Towing Path and Foot been had thereupon; and who were also instructed to take - Path on the Side of the River were raised and made into their Consideration the Treatment offered to Mr. convenient to and from the said Ferries. Speaker and the Members of this House, upon the First

And the Witness further laid. He had Reason to be- Day of this Session of Parliament, and to other Members lieve, that in case the first-mentioned Lane or Foot of this House, attending their Duty in the House of Path was shut up and discontinued, His Majesty would. Lords, during this Session of Parliament, when Bills at his own Expence, cause Palace Lane to be amended have been passed by His Majesty or by Commission, apd and kept in Repair, and would also cause a Foot Path to report the same to the House; That the Committee and Towing Path from the End of the said Lane, along had searched Precedents accordingly; and had confi-the Side of the River, to the said Ferries, to be raised, dered the other Matters referred to their Consideration; made commodious, and kept in good Repair. and that the Committee had directed hjm to make a

And a Motion being made, That it bean Instruction to Report to the House; and he read the Report in his the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s enable Theif Majesties to enfranchise Copyhold Estates, Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth.; holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of viz.

Surrey, is committed; That they have Power to make As to the Precedents, your Committee find, on Provision in the said Bill, for enabling His Majesty to starching the Journals of this House, that the Messengers (hut up a Lane, or Foot Path, from a House near by whom Messages have been brought from the Lords Vol. 33. to

Privileges. (Messages from the Lords.)

Privileges: (Messages from the Lords*)

680 90 Aprilis. 1

: to this House, have been usually the Chief Justices, pretend to say the Cry did not come from tin

Chief Baron, and all the Judges of His Majesty’s Courts but believes it did not.

in lYestminsterHall, the Attorney General, Solicitor And being asked, Whether he observed the J General, Serjeants at Law, and Matters in Chancery, Lords below the Bar to be crowded ? indifferently; and that the Committee find, by the He laid. Not when he first went, but vei

Joutftals, that the Master of the Rolls came with a crowded afterwards.

Message to this House upon the Seventh Day of Ma And being asked, Whether, when he got to 1660; the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery the Seventh and before they proceeded to Business, the)' at Day of September 1647, and the 26th of June 1685; and to clear the House of Strangers ? the Clerk of the Parliaments 22d of January 1750, 14th He laid, No. .

of May 1768, and the ift of March 1770, accompanied And being asked, Whether he remembci in each Instance with One other Messenger. spoke, whether it was a Lord, or one of

Your Committee also find Instances where Messages vants ? have been brought from the Lords to this House by He laid, He did not know, but thinks the more than Two Messengers. of more than One; and that if this Enquiry 1

Your Committee likewise find One Instance, upon made sooner, he should probably have recoiled: the 31 ft of August 1641, of a Message brought by One than occurs to his Memory now.

Mclfenger only, " when Exceptions were taken by the Then Mr. another Member, gave yoi

<l House, that the Lords sent but One Messenger, and mittee the following Account: That he had attc. " that it was declared, that it was the ancient Right of House of Lords but Twice this Session with the i " this House to have Two Messengers sent from the Once on the First Day, the other when Bills w or * Lords to this House, upon all Occasions; howsoever, by Commission; that on one of those Days, vs " at this Time, the House was willing to pass it thinks, but is not certain, was the First Day " over." Session, before he could get out of the lion

But on fending Mr. Holies with an Answer to that while many Members continued in the Hou.i Message from the Lords, he was likewise appointed to was a Call to withdraw, or to clear the House; take Notice, that their Lordships sent a Message to this diately upon which the Door-keepers, or other House by One Messenger only. of the House, called upon Persons to withdr:

To which the Lords Answer appears to be, <c That cleared the House with a Roughncls, and * as concerning the fending by One Messenger only, the Distinction of Members from others, which he 1 " Business required Haste, and they sent as many as disrespectful to the Members, who at that Time " they had." an Opportunity of getting out of the House

That your Committee also find this Entry in the whence the First CaHto clear the House, or to wi -Journal of 26th November t68o: . proceeded, he could not say, but thought, at tha

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect it came from within the Bar; but in this, he l " the Journals of this Housei and search Precedents, may be mistaken, and did not mean to insinuate " touching the bringing of Messages from the Lords it proceeded from the Lords, it was with Knowlec " House,. and make Report thereof, with their Opinion the Members of the House of Commons w ere the " therein, to the House; and that in the rhean time House.

" the Clerk of the House do respite the Entiy of this And being asked by Mr. Speaker, Whether Mi " Message in the Journal of this House." had informed him, that he thought the Cry car

But' your Committee do not find that any Report was the Lords ?

made from that Committee. He said. No; nor did he mean to make a Con

That your Committee find no One Instance of a but thought it his Duty to mention it as a f Message sent from the Lords by a Clerk Assistant of the Confirmation of what other Members had said Parliament. ‘ ‘ House.

Your Committee likewise took into their Consideration And being asked. Whether at the Time when t the Matter referred to them by the Ihstruction; and Mr. was to withdraw, there were many other Membe Speaker being desired to attend, informed your Commit- in the House besides himself ?

fee. That the First Day of the Session,' on entering the He said. He believed there were several, but 1

Lords Lobby, there was a great Crowd, as usual, on the take particular Notice, for he was endeavouring First Day of a Session; that he got in with Difficulty; out himself as fall as he could, and hath heard since feme of his Officers could not get Mr. Howard, another Member, informed you; in; that there was no great Crowd in the House when mittee. That he had been Twice at the Lords on > he got in, but after leaving the Bar, and before he got to of Bills this Session; that he rather thinks it v ‘ the Door, feme Persons called out. Clear the House, last Time but one the King was there, that he ol Go out, Withdraw, or to that Effect; that he thought it as soon as the Speaker was withdrawn, there 1 indecent, but cannot recollect the particular Expressions feme Sort of Cry as described by the last M which were made use of; that he took Notice of it, and which Cry appeared to him to be from the wasanswered, it was not for the Members, but Strangers keepers, and not from above the Bar; and that to go out; that he understood the calling Out came from not recollect any Distinction being made t below the Bar, and not from the House; if he had un- Strangers and Members,

derstood otherwise, and had thought it came from the And being asked, Whether the House was v

Lords, probably he should have gone back, and demand- at that Cry ?

ied an Explanation, and should certainly have reported He said. It was not so much crowded as the la it to the House upon his Return; that none of the but several Members were in it; and that ther Members, as he recolletts, acquainted him that they be- very great Crowd.

Jieved it proceeded from the Lords; that since the Being asked. Whether the Officers were m Meeting of Parliament he has been up several Times, felting in clearing the House then, than at an and never has heard any calling out of that Kind hap- before ?

pening since the First Day; that after he got in, there He laid, He thinks they were more so than at followed a great Crowd; and believes a great many Times.

Strangers were in the House before he got in Mr. , another Member, said, That

And being asked. Whether in any former Time there there at the same Time Mr. Howard was, and was was the like Eagemefs to clear the House ? turned out; and that he thinks the Speaker was

He laid. He did not recollect there was, but docs not out of the Door when the Cry was.

2

12 Geo. III. 90 Aprilis.

68 r

Being.ilktd, Whether he could distinguish from whence the Cry came ?

He laid. It came from the Officers; and that they treated the Members as they did the Mob.

Being asked, If there was any Rudeness in putting out the Members?

He said, it did appear rude and precipitate, because, as being then under Orders, thought the Members ought to have Time given them to go out, without being incommoded by the Crowd.

Being asked, Whether they knew he was a Member ?

He laid, No; but 'thinks Mr. Howard did immediately turn round to the.UIher.of the Black Rod, and told him, the first Time he saw him in the House of Commons he would use him in the same Manner; and that the Black Rod was one who laid. You mull withdraw, you mull go o.ut.

Being asked. Whether at the Time the Officers treated him in the Manner he had- mentioned, he did not fee a Mix lure of Mob and Members?

Jrle said, There always is; that he never was there without; that there is always more Mob than Members, some of whom are let in before the Members come; and that most of the Mob were gone out, and not many Members left, when he, with other Members, were turned out.

Being asked. Whether he recollected at any other Time the same Rudeness to Members as at that Time ?

He hid, He never remembers any Thing of the Kind before the lait Regulation of the House of Lords, (the Regulation for excluding Members.)

Being asked, If he apprehended the Officers knew he was a Member ?

JHfe laid. He did not know; but thinks Mr. spoke to the Ulher of the Black Rod, so as to make him understand he was a Member.

Being asked. Whether, before the last excluding Regulation took place, he was not usually for many Years admitted as a known Member of the House of Commons ?

He said. He always was j that he was very near the Speaker on going in; and that he saw many Strangers there before the Speaker came.

Being asked. If he had communicated to the Speaker the rude Treatment he and the other Members received in the TToufeof Lords?

He laid. He never mentioned it to anybody.

Mr.- Jxidley, another Member, said, That he was p re fen c when the Speaker went up the First Time the King cramc to pals Bills; that as loon as the Speaker was retired , the Door-keepers came to several People, crying out, W i thdraw, in a very violent Manner; that they took several Persons by the Arm, and pulhed them out, making; no Distinction between Members and Strangers, and (kill the Cry was. Withdraw; that there were about Eig.Lt or Ten Members, besides himself, remaining, and he o’ulcrving that the Lords were adjourned to unrobe, upon the Door-keeper coining up to him in a violent Manner, and saying. You mull withdraw’, and he, Mr.

Ridley y having Occasion to speak to a Lord, did not chute to go out, but laid, he had a Curiosity to see that fine Place, as being a Stranger; the Door-keeper then replied. Stranger! Sir, I have very often seen you here from the House of Commons; upon which, as he saw the House was not resumed, he said, he would not go out then, but when the House was resumed he should know what to do; and that the last Time the King was there he saw t lie very same Things happen after the Speaker had retired; that the House w’as very, full of Strangers pefore the Speaker came; that when he came a Lane was made for him up to the Bar, and after lie was gone the Door-keeper came, in the same rude Manner as before, saying. Withdraw, withdraw’.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the Bills brought from the House of Lords, on IVedue/day, the First Day of this Instant,

Vol. 33.

be sent back to the Lords; and that their Lordships be Privileges: acquainted, that this House hath ordered the said Bills f^inih to be returned to their Lordships, on account of their Lord*.) having been lent to this House by Messengers not usually employed in bringing Messages from the House of Lords to this House; and that a Conference be desired with their Lordships, on Matters tending to preserve a good Correspondence between the Two Houses;

And Notice being taken, That the said Motion contained a complicated Question, and was grounded on Two different and distinct Parts of the said Report; -The Motion was, by Consent of the House, divided into Two Questions, the First Part ending with the Words " from the House of Lords to this House."

And the Question being put, That the Bills brought from the House of Lords, on Wednes the First Day of this Instant April, be sent back to the Lords; and that their Lordships be acquainted, that this House hath ordered the said Bills to be returned to their Lordships, on account of their having been lent to this House by Messengers not usually employed in bringing Messages from the House of Lords to this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

JLord Folkestoney "J

Mr. Thomas >

Junior: J

Tellers for the Noes,) {*; } ro7.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to acquaint them that this House, having received a Message from their Lordships, on Wednesday the First Day of this Instant April, which was brought by a Master in Chancery, and the Clerk Assistant of the House of Lords, and being delirous of preserving a good Correspondence with their Lordships, have sent this Message to acquaint their Lordships, that this House doth take Notice of this unusual Method of fending Messages to this House, and desire that the same may not hereafter be drawn into Precedent;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

After the Word " and" and before the Words* being " delirous" to inlert the Words " that this House taking Notice that the said Message was not brought " by the usual Messengers sent by their Lordships to " this House, have not proceeded upon the said Mefsage, but" and to leave out from the Words " have " sent this Message" to the End of the Question, and to inlert the Words " to their Lordships, in hopes " that their Lordships will thereupon take such Steps as " may not afford any Interruption to a good Correspondence between the Two Houses" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "that " this House taking Notice that the said Message was " not brought by the usual Messengers sent by their " Lordships to this House, have not proceeded upon " the said Message, but " be inserted after the Word " and, " and before the Words " being delirous The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TdlcrsforthcYc

Tellers for the Noes.) jJJ); } l°S-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House having received a Message from their Lordships, on Wednesday the First Day of this Instant April, which was brought -by a Master in Chancery and the Clerk Assistant of the House of

8 L Lords j

682 9° — 13°

Privileges: Lords; and being desirous of preserving a good Cor-from the* re^Poncience with their Lordships, have sent this Message, Lords.) to acquaint their Lordships, that this House doth take Notice of this unusual Method of fending Messages to this House, and desire that the same may not hereafter be drawn into Precedent.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the said Mcf-sage.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, on Matters tending to preserve a good Correspondence between the Two Houses;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the . 51.

Tellers for the Noes, j p^ZrJm1 ‘1

So it passed in the Negative.

OakTimber. The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectually securing sufficient Quantities of Oak Timber, for the Use of the Royal Navy > '

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j :} "

Tdlers for the Noes, j ^DmpJUrV' } «

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the , House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House j and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the 5th

Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill-

The other Order of the Day being read -r Criminal Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Laws, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to Capital Offences, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Bark, Ordered, That the Order made upon the ill Day of tTanners) this Instant April, for the House to resolve itself into a fcc* Committee of the whole House, To-morr6w Morning, to consider of the Report /which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition, of the Tanners in and near the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Tanners in Great Britain; and also, the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or Mystery of the Curriers of the City of London, were referred, be now read.

Aprilis. A. 17

And the said Order being read accordingly }

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tre/Jay \/I next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Tuef iay la the Second Reading of the Bill for the further'Re His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects difienting fro Church of England, Tomorrow Morning, be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order made upon for the House to resolve itself into a Committ the whole House, Tomorrow at Twelve of the C to consider of the Motion, * That Leave be giv bring in a Bill to encourage the Subjects of Fc " States to lend Money upon the Security of Frc " or Leasehold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Col " in the West Indies, and to render the Securities gr:

" to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Paymei

the so to be lent, by Sale of such Freeholc

" Leasehold Estates," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly >

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IV

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, for House to resolve itself into a Committee of the tv House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ;.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mori next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, for House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wl House, Tomorrow Morning, to confide^ furthe: Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morr next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, r withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House, having continued to fit till r One of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjour till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LuneS) 130

Anno 12* Georgii III'" Regis, 1772.

Prayers. 1

THE House being informed that Mr. Speer, fr the Treasury, attended at the Door; he wascaj in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanl their Order,

An Account, Ihewinghow the Money given for i Service of the Year 1771 has been disposed of; diltj guished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day, April 1772, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with l Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew. *

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; >

1

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

r

04

Co

o

c

s

*T3

Ad A

*.«« the MONEY Given for the Service of the Yeir i-, »,« t

CCOUNT fl«ing how , lnd „ p '?' " bren »n diflingoidrd under the fcreral Heads, until the tjth Day

re.naiiiu.g caused, with the Deficiency thereupon.

rt

SERVICES,

For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 40,000 M^n, including 8,073 Marines, from the ift of

January 17 7 I

For the Ordinal y of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1771

Tow r.rds the Buildings, Rebuilding*, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1771

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy -

For Ordnance, Sea Service For Ditto, Land Service

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1770 -..... -

f For defraying the Charge of 23,432 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Gucrnfry, for the Year 17 71 -

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison niMinorea and Gibraltar, and for Providens for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfound land, Gibraltar, the Ceded I (lands, and Africa, for the

Year 1771....

C

u

o

fa

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay* between the British and Irish Establishment of 5 Battalions and Companies of Foot, serving in the lJleofMan, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded lilands, for the Year 1771 -

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1771

For defraying the Charge of the Full Pay, for 365 Days, for the Year 1771, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from 10 to 9 Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the 24th Day of December 1765 -

For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Fortes and Marines, for the Year 1771

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1771....

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the luperannuated Gentlemen oLthe Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1771 ——

Towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1771 -

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Force?, and other Services, incurred to the 26th Day of December 1770, and not provided for by Parliament....

£ * <*-

1,976,000 — — 378,752 18 7

423>747 -

200,000 — —

£. s. J.

104,000 — —

259,074 16 11

35*443 — 7

£. /. d.

-720,6*9 12 3

479*17° in i

4,533 12 8 11,291 8 6|

2,962 n 8 664 — — ^117,858 10 —

i>*77 15 5 112,005 — —

359»927 — l\

Sums voted.

jr. d.

2,978,499 18 7

398*517 *7 6

1,810,319 13 ij

Sums paid.

£. s. A.

2,967,40913 4

398,517 *7 6

1,810,319 13

Remains to be paid.

£ ' *-11,090 5 2

OS

00

04

=5

12 Geo. III. 130 jdprilis.

D CQ n' CD h v» O *0 fl

0 O

0 &

°a n

Towards enabling the Comndflioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the oppoCte Shore, to maintain the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them.

l or maintaining and supporting the Civil Kft.ablishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1771 b

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishmer.t of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th June 1770 to the 24.U1 of >«'» 771..... -....

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Eftubliftiment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1770 to the 24th of June 1771 r - T -s.

For defray ing the Expences of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 177$ to the 24th of June 1771 - - ... ....

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1771

For defraying the Expence of the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, for the Year 177....

To the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to assist the said Company in carrying on their Trade

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa — ~ ~ - - .

For the more effectually repairing the Fort of same Coast Castle on the Coast of Africa - - - - '

Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young- Children, to maintain and educate such Children as* were received into the said liolpital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1770 exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1771 indulive

To enable the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital, to defray any Expences which may be hereafter incurred in maintaining and educating such Children, as were received into the said Hplpical.on or before the 25th Day of March 1760 .

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders in pursuance of Addresses - - - . -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been paid to Several Persons in North Britain, as a Compensation, arid in full Satisfaction of their Losses and Expences, incurred pursuant to several Orders of Council, for preventing the spreading of the infectious Distemper among the Horned Cattle

For the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1771 -

To reimburse to the Province of Ne<w Bamfjhirt their Expences, in furnishing Provisions and Stores to the Troops raised by them, for His Maje^y’s Service, for the Campaign In the Year 1756 t

To make good to the East India Company, the Expences incurred by them in the Exp:dition to Manilha, antecedent to the Surrender of the llland- to the Company’s Servants, on the 2d Day of November 1762 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1758, on the 5 th Day of July 1770 ....

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1769, at Lady Day 1771

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1769, at Michaelmas 1771 ....

Towards the Extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act of Parliament 90 Georgii 3*1 - *

To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,8co, coo in Exchequer Bills, made oat by virtue of an Act 10° Georgii 3"1, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Serv ice of the Year 1771, together with the interest and Charges attending the fame....

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets

in the Lottery, established by an Act 1 iw Georg// 3'11 ....

2,003 — — 2,000 — —

5,796 IO 5 5,796 10 5

3,086 — — 3,086 — —

4,350

6,100 — — 6,100 — —

r,88j 4 — 1,885 4 —

6*3 36 — 9r 6,336 — 9\

5,000 5,000

13 ,oooo — I 3,000 — —

2,000 — — 2, COO — -

1 1 0 In C\ N 2,970

27,030 27,030

14 >7^ I4»7C0 — —

799 12 2 799 12 2

6,928 2 — 6928 2 — -

6,009 13 3 6,009 *3 3

28,365 15 8

35/585 2 XI

198,11913 3 198,119 13 3i

248,225 8 2J 248,225 8 2$

5.74* S l°i 5*741 5 ioi

,836,633 4 8 1,836,633 4 8

1

C\

00

4

9

5

*8,365 IJ s

hv

a

Co

Co

09

ftOyOOOO — — By the Malt Duty continued J»n9,77,

2,000,000 — — By 4Jb. per Lib. on Land.

l,8oo, oooo — — By Exchequer Bills charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

650,000 — — By a Lottery. ~

&9l»977 7 9 Qf the Sinking Fund remaining in the Exchequer on 5th April 1771# for Disposition of Parliament.

11650,000 — — Of the future Surplus of the iaid Sinking Fund.

89,658 16 9J Overplus of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1770.

ao,*oooo 1 6f Of Money remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

400,000 — — Out of Money payable by the East India Company, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3tU.

10,000 — — Out of the Produce of the several Duties dirked by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

5,276 611 Out of the Produce of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

5,000 — — Out of Monies arisea by Sale of Lands in the Ceded Islands. 8,081,912 11 uf

19,364 — if Deficiency of the Ways and Means.

£. 8,111,176 13 if

'saaHHBaaaK.

D

cq‘

1 — h*

n'

CD

Q_

cr

The Deficiency of the Ways and Means granted towards satisfying the above Services, is....

The several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament, to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, proteAing, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, having been given for £. 20,000, but the same having produced into the Exchequer to the 5th Day of April 1772, no more than9,907. 19/. 4d.\, occasions a further Deficiency of- ——

Which if added to the above Sum, the total Deficiency of the Grants will amount to-----

c - '

*9>364 —

J.

10,092 — 7$

39456 — Joi

Mtmraniums The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz.

For the late Marine Regiments -

For the late African Company’s Creditors -

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £.15,496. 19/. 1 -

Towards building a Lazaret -

For Compensation to Francis Dally, for certain Damages sustained by him

£ A.

10,506 5

900 12 10

570 17 7i

5,000 — —

6,195 & 11 23>»73 4 H

Presented this 13th Day of April 1772, by

W. Speer.

Os

00

Cri

12 Geo. III. x 30 Apritis.

Would

Newton

Inclosure.

Great

Paunton

Inclosure.

Wei ton Inclosure.

West Halton Inclosure.

St. Nicholas (Warwick) Inclosure.

Berwick,

&c.

Roads.

686 130 Aprilis. Jl. 17

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tablq, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Would Newton, in the East Riding of the Coupty of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Would Newton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to confirm and establish an Indenture of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Great Paunton, in the County of Linc and for dividing and inclosing several other Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the same Manor and Parish; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm and establish an Indenture of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Great Paunton, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing several other Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the same Manor and Parish.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlo Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Lord Ih ip of West Halton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Lordship of West Halton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of j,

Ordered, That Mr. Methuen do i carry the T5 11; to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, ^t or near Banghouse Walls, to Compton’s Lanes -and „and

from the Town of Ecc/es to Eymouth, and from Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that tin be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near house Walls, to Compton sLanes, and Eymoulh, and the Town of Eccles to , and from W,

Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwi

Ordered, That Colonel Pringle do carry the Bill -Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inc the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Comm Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Paris] Liberties of Brampton, in the County of Huntingd read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the T An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lan Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liber Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the Bill Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual veiling Royal Hospital for Seamen, at , the fc

and unclaimed Shares of Prizes taken from the I was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that th be. An Act for the more effectual vesting in the Hospital at Greenwich, the forfeited and unclaimec

of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, in Prize; from the Enemy; and for other Purposes therei tioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hardy do carry the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of Insolvent E was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to I to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 53.1.4. To leave out from " And to " w in Line 25.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Quell thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the 1 amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that tl be. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debto for indemnifying the Marshal of the King’s Bene from Prosecutions at Law for certain Escapes fr said Person.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Salt reported from the Committee, -to wl ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An railing, out of the Eftgtesdate Nugent, d

the Sum of f. 10,000. for the Benefit of th< honourable Robert Graggs, Lord Viscount Clare, Kingdom of Ireland, l>er late Husband; and so put of ;the Estatesdate-jof Elizabeth Eliot, decea like Sum of £. 10,000. for the Benefit of Esquire, in Recompence and; Satisfaction to, Robert Lord Viscount Clare and Edward Eliot, i severally contenting to give up and relinquish Powers of leafing for Lives, or Years determi Lives, reserved to them respectively, in and feveraf last Wills of them the said Ann Nu\ Elizabeth Eliot, and the Settlements which ha made in pursuance thereof; and for vacating, ar and extinguishing; the said Powers of leafi for other the Purposes therein expressed, w: mitted; That the Committee had examined the tions of the Bill, and found the same to be tr that the Parties concerned had given their Co the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; the Compijttee had directed him to report the

i a Geo. III.

130 Apr.

the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sa do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Gunpowder. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage, of Gunpowder, within Great Britain and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes: And that Mr. Hoiham, Mr. Fidler, and Sir John , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Shelley’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Edward Esquire, to

cut down and fell Timber, upon the settled Estates of the said Edward Shelley, in the County of Sussex; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, and other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ler, Mr. Pozvnall, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

king-. Ripton a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-nci° ure* mon Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of King's Ripton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Ludlow, Lord Hinchingbrook, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Blrminghim a Bill for building One or more new Church or hurches. churches, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. wish, Mr. Montagu, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl Percy reported from the Committee, to St. Martin whom the Bill to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of in the Fields the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Work-house, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within or u ‘ the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One.; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Methuen reported from the Committee, to whom Astrop, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- &c. mon Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, ^nc*°*'lr®* Territories, and Precincts, of AJlrop, in the Parishes of King's Sutton and Newbottle, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Sir William Elwes, who is Impropriator of Two-thirds of the Great Tythes, but who has no other Property in the said Parirti, who refused to sign the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that some other Amendments were necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Welland A Bill for tlit better Preservation of the Great Bank of BRoadaDd River Welland, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cow bit, Peakhill, Crowland, and Peakirk; and for making

and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln and

Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Sir Henry Hoghlon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

woi»erbampton Sir John Wrotteftey reported from the Committee, to Ro»ds. whom the Bill to continue the Term, and vary the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to The Wolverhampton District of Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Vol. 33.

Mr, Petiruddock reported from the Committee, to Beflelfleigh, whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for °* 4 amending and widening the Road from Beffeljleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts-, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House, upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Ackworth, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open *j;

Common " 0 urt"

688

13° April is.

Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, and a Stinted Pasture, called The Cow Pasture, in the Pari lb of Ackworth, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates in the said Parish, which are assessed to the Land Tax, at £. 433. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of such Estates which are assessed at /. 45. per Annum, who also refused to sign the Bill, but said they had no Objection to it; and except the Owner of 24 Cattle Gates and an Half on the said Stinted Cow Pasture, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates in the said Parish, interested in the Inclosure, are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1,988. and the whole Number of Cattle Gates is 138; and that no P’erson appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ditto. A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, of the Parish of Ackworth, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That, (liould the same pass into a Law, it will be of great Detriment to the Petitioners, and also to the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners heathen heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time ’ upon Wedtiejday the 29th Day of this Instant April, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

/fhebarne An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Charity to enable the Governors, and Assistants to the said Estate*. Governors, in the Rule and Government of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of Elizabeth Queen of England, in the Town of Asheburne, in the County of Derby, in their Corporate Capacity; and the said Governors and Assistants, as Trustees of Six Alms Houses in Asheburne aforesaid, founded and endowed by Christopher Pegg, Esquire, deceased, to convey certain Lands and Possessions of the said School and Alms Houses respectively, in the Parillies ef Wingerworth and Ashover, in the said County, to Henry Gladwin, of Wingerworth, in the said County, Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands, in the Parish of Brailsford, in the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trulls therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke, Lord John Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edward AJUey reported from the Cc

whom the Bill for repairing and widenini leading from the East End of the Bridge acr< Ouze, in DownhamMarket, to the Queen’s

from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market the East End of the Mile Clcje, in t Barton, and towards Watton, to a Place Devils Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and up the Road leading from Stradfet, thr Layer, towards Watton, was committed; Th mittee had examined the Allegations of found the same to be true; and that the Cc gone through the Bill, and made several , thereunto; which they had directed him to House; and he read the Report in his PI terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amen the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member returned upon a new 1 taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of and having delivered in to the Clerk of t! Account of his Qualification, and taken at the Oath of Qualification; according to th for those Purposes;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the ( the said Bill, being severally read a Second upon the Question severally put thereupon, the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Arne ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, anc of the Borough of Devizes, in the County presented to the House, and read; Compl high Price of Corn and Provisions; and prayi to take the Matter into their Consideration by promoting and encouraging the Import; visions, and particularly of Corn, or by such Measures as shall be thought most conduci tainment of the desired liedress, grant t such Relief therein, as to the House shall li

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upc

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Commi the BiH for dividing, allotting, and inclosn and Common Fields, in the Parish of G County of Leicester, was committed; Th mittee had examined the Allegations of found the same to be true; and that the cerned had given their Consent to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except th of 313 Acres and 37 Perches, who declar against the Bill; and also except Mrs. W Proprietor of 7 Acres 3 Roods 36 Perches ing asked to sign the Bill, laid, (lie would Ihe would not; and also except Richard W who is a Proprietor of 18 Perches, who, o to sign the Bill, said the Inclosure did n having so small a Property, and he did not c anybody; and that the Whole of the Propi Fields amounted to 1,145 Acres 2 Roods 34 that the Committee had gone through the J several Amendments thereunto; which the him to report to the House; and he read his Place; and afterwards delivered the ] Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table Amendments were Once read throughout Second Time, One by One; and, upon severally put thereupon, several of them v to; and the rest were, with Amendment them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the how the Lands shall be surveyed and meal 3

i a Geo. III. 13® April. <5>8<j

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Lord* Mr. Ongley reported, that he had* according to Or-Me£age». der, been at the Lords, with the Meflhge of Thursday last; and that their Lordships gave for Answer, That they would fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfdrd and Mr.

Cudcio',1:

Mr. Speaker,

Felons The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Arraignment ^ft for the more effectual proceeding against Persons (landing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy; without any Amendment: And also,

Corporation?. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 1 for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, for the Ad million of Freemen into Corporations, and for other Purposes therein mentioned j without any Amendment: And also,

Dunstable The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Komis. to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of the t-Vhite Horseto the Sign of the King's Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid; and alto for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horsesto the Bull Inn in Dunstable aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

Bourne, , The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c. for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a certain Parcel ramage. caueti or known by the Name of The C<rw

Pajiure, lying in the South Fen, in the Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln; and for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosir.g, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Wade and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also, Siggleithorne The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Mgglef-thorne, in Holdcniefs, in the East Riding of the County Welton York; without any Amendment: And also,

Inclosure. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of in

the East Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

> Danvers* The Lord^ have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for E(Uues, empowering and enabling the Trustees, named in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Daniel Danvers, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, to make Sale of certain Leasehold F.dates, vested in them upon divers Trulls, mentioned in the said Settlement; and to lay out the Money arising from inch Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to he Ice tied in such Manner as the said Leasehold Eilate iftnffs Ictiled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers v.ithdicw.

Addresses. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

His Majesty, That He will be gMciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of M.-i.ey, which have been issued, by i I is Majesty’s Order;, purlcant to Addresses of this House, and which have nut been made good by Parliament.

Vol. 33.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; and Meawe to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Savings in thd Hands of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymailer General, being the Difference between British " and Irish Pay, of the 64th and 65th Regiments of

" Foot, from the First Day of September to the Twentyfourth Day of December 1768," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Savings, upon the Sum voted for the Pay of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1771; and also, of the Savings upon the Sum voted in the Account of Extraordinaries, in the Year 1770, for Levy Money for the said Augmentation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Savings, oh several Sums voted for the Pay of Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines, from the 25th of June 1757, to the 24th of December 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Income of, and Charge upon, the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1772, with the Surplus of the same remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles tVhit worth took thfc Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to repbrt, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee. *

Ordered, That Surplusses, Hated the 5th Day of April 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, Hated the 10th Day of October 1771, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitwoith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealo to receive the same.

8 N

Lords

MciTages.

Minchin’s

Estate.

Halhed’a Eilat e

Minchin’s

Dilate.

Hallied’s

Ellate.

KHd^rmlrller

Sm\ll

Debts.

690 iTy° Aprilis. 1

Ordered, That thfc Report be received Tomorrow County of Worcester: And the same was recei Morning. read the First: Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That the Bill be read a Second Ti

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that

they may have Leave to fit again. Sir Thomas Frankland reported from the Cc

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present M whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted tituled. An Act for taking down and removin to His Majesty. Lighthouses now Handing near the Spurn Pop

Mouth of the , and for erecting othe

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr* convenient Lighthouses instead thereof, was

Cuddon: ted; That the Committee had examined th<

Mr. Speaker, tions of the Bill, and found the same to be t

The Lords having considered the Message sent by this that the Committee had gone through the.

House to their Lordships, for Answer thereunto, lay, made several Amendments thereunto; which That the Lords ordered their Message of the First of directed him to report to the House; and lu this Month to be carried to the House of Commons in Report in his Place; and afterwards deliverec the usual Manner; and their Lordships have found, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabl upon Enquiry, that. One Master in Chancery being ill. And the House being informed that fot their Message was carried by only One Mailer in Amendments were necessary to be made to Chancery, and the Clerk Assistant of the House of Bill;

Lords; and the Lords desire the Commons may be in- Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committe<

formed, that the Lords have nothing more at Heart than Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committc

to maintain a good Correspondence between the Two Committee, to whom the same was committee Houses, and do not mean to introduce any Precedent

contrary to the Usage of Parliament. A Bill for the further Augmentation of th<

of the Justices of Chester, and the great Sefiroi Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now" report to the Counties in Wales, was read a Second Time.

House, the Message brought from the Lords, upon Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Wednesday the First Day of this Instant April.Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a C< Mr. Speaker accordingly reported. That the Lords of the whole House. have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Resolved, That this House will, To-morro settled Estates of Humphry Minchin, Esquire, in the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whol

County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in upon the said Bifl.

Trustees, to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, in Mr. Baldwyn presented to the House, acct

that Part of Great Britain called England, or in the Order, a Bill for making, and keeping in I

Principality of Wales, to be settled to the same Uses -r Road, or Passage, for Horses, on the Banks of t to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Severn, between Bewdley Bridge, and a Plac House: And also. Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for haling a:

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ing Vessels along the said River; and formaki veiling the settled Mate of William Hafhead, Esquire, in pensation to the Owners of Lands, for as much the County of Herejord, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell as may be necessary for that Purpose: And t

and convey the same to fames King, Esquire, and his was received; and read the First Time.

Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tii for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the

Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain ? settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Common, called Moor, within the P

Lords define the Concurrence of this House. Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of

was read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Si for vesting the settled Estates of Humphry Minchin, Clavering, Mr. &c.: And they are ton

Esquire, in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the I

of Ireland, in Trustees, to sell the same; and for laying Chamber, out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other

Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or A Bill for building a Temporary Bridge a in the Principality o( Wales, to be fetded to the same River Tyne, from the Town of upon

Uses, was read the first lime. in the County of Durham, was read

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Time.

That the Bill be committed to Sir

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act White Ridley, Mr. Ridley, &c.: And they are for vesting the settled Estate of William Halhed, Esquire, this Afternoon, af Five of the Clock, in the in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, in Trust, to fell Chamber, and convey the same to fames King, Esquire, and his

Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; Ordered, That the Order made upon the 291 and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in February last, for referring the Petition of fevt the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be tees for putting in Execution an Act of Pa settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the made and passed in the Twenty-first Year of the First; Time. his late Majesty King George the Second, intit

-. Resolved, Tiut the Bill be read a Second Time, Act for repairing and widening the Roads lea<

, Sutton Coldfield Common, to the Town of We

Mr. Dove defto ell presented to the House, according from S neat’s Green to Walsall, and from Waif a, to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery Brooke, in the County of Stafford, and alt of small Debts, within the Borough and Foreign of Mayor and Capital Burgesses of the Borough Kidderminster, in the Parish oi Kidderminster, in the fail, and several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Fr

is Geo. III.

i3°: — 140 Aprilis.

691

and other Inhabitants, of the said Town of iValfall, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, to the Consideration of a Committee, be discharged. Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

Corn Trade. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Com Trade.

East Tndu A Motion was made, and the Question beingproposed, wrs* That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the ’ Nature, State, and Condition, of the India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Words " Nature, State, and Condition," and toinfert the Words " Commerce, Revenue,

" Coinage, Government, Civil and Military Expences," instead thereof; and to leave out from the Word " Company," to the End of the Question; and to insert " in the East Indies, and into the State of the Admi-- " nistration of Justice there," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words Nature, Stare, and Condition," stand Part of the said proposed Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition of the East India Company, and of the Br Affairs in the Indies.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Committee >je a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Sid Committee be a Select Committee.

Ordered, That the Number of the said Committee be One ami Thirty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Committee be chosen in the Manner following, namely; That the Names of all the Members of this House be prepared by the Clerk, and put into a Box, in the Presence of Mr. Speaker; and that the laid Names be drawn out by the Clerk at the Table,

and the First Thirty-one Names so drawn be the said Committee.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Committee be chose by Way of Ballotting. '

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Thirty-one Persons Names to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table; and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses, at the Table, by the Members, called over for that l’urpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

m

King’* The House was moved, That Part of His Majesty’s Speech, most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be grackmlly pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all such Intelligence, received by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, as may render necessary the Interpoiition of the Legislature, for the Protection of any Concerns of this Country, which, as well from Remotenci's of Place, as from other Circumstances, are peculiarly liable to Abuses, and exposed to Danger;

It passed in the Negative.

Vot 33.

Mr. Sulivan presented to the House, according to East India

Order a Bill for the better Regulation of the Affairs Judicature, of the East India Company, and of their Servants in India, and for the due Administration of Justice in Bengal: And the same was received; and read the First.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the Fourth Day of May next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Richmond Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the £„Sf"anthift-whole House, upon the Bill to enable Their Majesties meat, to enfranchise Copyhold Estates, holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Surrey.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Officer resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon anti the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to EmPlo),menu qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Ciiminal the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Laws, of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to Capital Offences; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die Aprilis;

Anno 12® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

/\Rdered, That Mr. Mackworth be added to the Gen- Buildings tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, and Party a Bill for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls. Walls, within the Cities of London and , and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone, and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Che/fea, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes,

Precincts, and Places; and for amending and reducing the I^aws relating thereto into One Act; and for other Purposes.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty- Road!*' ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint >

Shore ditch

14* AprillS.

Shoreditch, In the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be mads to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23.1. 20. To leave out " East" and to insert

West" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

tkefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middelefex.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act of the Tenth (Middlesex) Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building 1 WoskheoTe. Workhouse in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City of Westm in the County of defex, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Work-house, in the Parish of Saint Martin the Fields,

within the City of Westmin the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That the Earl Percy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

lelbone*- Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Church, Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majest.y’s Reign, ice. intituled, "An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for making a Cemetery or Church-yard, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the County of ,"was

iead a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. worth, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

laftleach Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to Tourrille, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and loclosure. Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Eastleach Tourville, in the County of G/oucefier, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that some other Amendments were necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Collier’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Divorce. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Collier, Esquire, with Chrifiana Gwyn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Commit

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee they had heard Counsel, and examined Witness the said Bill; and that no CoUnfel or Party ap before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and tli Committee had directed him to report the Bill House, without any Amendment: And he deliver Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for repealing certain Provisions in Two I Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairir Highways in the Parish of Mary Whitechapel, County of Middlesex, and for railing Money for ing the said Highways, was read.a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Whitworth, Mr. Alderman , &c.: An

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clt the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an 1 the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present h for amending and widening the Road from Be]) through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County o and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the Co> Wilts-, and from the Turnpike Road between and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to T Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from th Lanbourn, in the said County of Berks, was 1 Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that t be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, Eleventh Yearef the Reign of His present Maji amending and widening the Road from Be through Wantage to Hungerford, in the Cc Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the of Wilts ;and from the Turnpike Road between and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to Red House upon Wantage and from t

Lambourn, in the said County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, t the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold E Edward Holden Cruttenden, Esquire, deceasec Parishes of Putney and in the <

Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein m was committed; That the Committee had the Allegations of the Bill, and found the be true; and that the Parties concerned 1 their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactic Committee; and that the Committee had dir to report the Bill to the House, without am ment: And he delivered the Bill in at th Table:

And the Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the 1 Lords; and acquaint them, that this House t to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and wi< Road leading from the East End of the Br the River Ouze, in Downham , to (

Head, and from the Chequer Inn, in JDozvnA aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile .1 Parish of Barton, and towards Wat ton, to a 1 The DeviTs Ditch, in the County of Norfi

flopping up the Road leading from Stradj Barton Layes, towards Walton, was read < Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tli be. An Act for repairing and widening the

12 Geo. III.

14° Apr

693

ing from the East End of the Bridge across the River into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Ouze, in Downham Market, to the Queen’s Head, and Bill.

from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market a fore said, to the East End of the Two Mile ,in the Parish of Barton, and towards W*to a Place called The Devils Hitch, in the county of ; and for flopping

up the Road leading from Stradfet, through Barton towards Walton.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJiley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wigmore Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, accord-laclosure. ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, and improving, certain Common Woods and Moor Lands, within the Borough and Parish of in

tire County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Moolron Sir Charles Hardy presented to the House, according Indofuie. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mills*

Male.

Sir Henry Saint John reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, in the County of Southampton, late the Estate of John Mills,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof towards County of Durham, for and in Behalf of themselves and discharging his Debts and Legacies, was committed; the several other Freemen or Burgesses of the same City

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Danvers’ for empowering and enabling the Trustees, named in the dilate. Settlement made on the Marriage of Daniel Danvers,

Esquire, and Mary his Wife, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, to make Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, vested in them upon divers Trails, mentioned in the said Settlement; and to lay out the Money arising from such Sale in the Put-chafe of other Estates, to be settled in such Manner as the said Leasehold Estates Hand settled, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enforcing several Acts of Parliament, for Tythej. the Recovery and Payment of Tythes, and other Eccle- (Quakers.) fiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers} and for enlarging the Powers thereby given, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon' the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Framwelgate, thereunto subscribed, being Freemen or Burgesses of the &c. City of Durham, and Borough of Framwelgate, in the *nc,°rure‘

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Saint John do carry the Bill

and Borough, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons, within, or belonging to, the City of Durham, and Borough and Township of Framwelgate, known by the Names of Framwelgate Moor, High B Moor, Low Braffide Moor, Har her house Moor, and Wellfprings Moor, and

Two Parcels of Ground within the said Township, known by the several Names of The Intack, otherwise

Actiop,

&C.

Inclosure.

to the Lords} and acquaint them, that this House hath The Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, and for extinguish-agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. ing (upon the Terms therein specified) all Right of

Common in certain indofed Intercommon Lands there- Mr. Methuen reported from the Committee, to whom in mentioned; and that the Petitioners, as Freemen or the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Burgesses of the said City and Borough, and of the mon Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, several Incorporated Fellowships, Fraternities, or Trades, Territories, and Precincts, of Afirop, in the Parishes of of and within the same City and Borough, and their King's Sutton and Newbottle, in the County of North- Predecessors, have, for Time immemorial, enjoyed a amplon, was re-committed; That the Committee had Right of Common of Pasture for their Cattle, at all made several other Amendments to the Bill; which Times of the Year, in and upon the said Moors, Wastes, they had directed him to report to the House; and he or Commons, and also a Right of Intercommon, at certain read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Times of the Year, upon The Intack or Cow Pasture, and the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Shaw Wood-, and that, if the said Bill should pass into Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through- a Law, the Interest and Right of the Petitioners, and out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the other Freemen or Burgesses of the said City and the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Borough, may be wholly taken away, or greatly affected

Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord’s D»y. A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws now in being for the better Observa-

and prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame; and such Order may be made touching the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do fie upon the Table, tion of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday; and until the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors,

for preventing Persons who keep Victualling Houses, or Houses of Public Entertainment, from being elected into, or serving, any Parish Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Inlunt April, resolve itself

Vol. 33.

Wastes, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The Intack or Cow Pasture and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham-, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclostd Intercommon Lands there, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

8 O Ordered,

694 i4° A. r

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at hundred and Five thousand Three hundred and the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two P( said Petition. maining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on t

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Day of April 1772, for the Disposition of Parlia upon Friday Fortnight, the First Day of May next. - the Monies which hacf then arisen, of the Si

Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revi Terrington Mr. Charles Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Inclosure, the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Co *c . the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moors or Com- That, towards making good the Supply gi mons, in the Township and Parish of Terrington, in the His Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding One North Riding of the County of York, was committed; Thirty-eight thousand and Ninety Pounds F That the Committee had examined the Allegations of lings and Ten Pence, out of the Savings arif the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the the Grant for the Pay of an Augmentatioi Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, Majesty’s Land Forces for the Year 1771, b to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the towards defraying the extraordinary Expena Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services inc several Amendments thereunto; which they had di- the 20th Day of February 1772, and not prc reded him to report to the House; and he read the by Parliament.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the That it is the Opinion of this C(

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: That, towards making good the Supply grant

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon Seven hundred and Seventy-two Pounds and the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by lings, out of the Savings arising upon tire Sum the House. the Account of Extraordinaries in the Y'ear

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Levy Money for the said Augmentation, t ingrossed. towards defraying the extraordinary Expenc

Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services in Gunpowder. Mr. Hotham presented to the House, according to the 20th Day of February 1772, and not pr<

Order, a Bill to regulate the making, keeping, and by Parliament.

Carriage, of Gunpowder, within Great Britain; and That it is the Opinion of this C

to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those That, towards making good the Supply gran

Purposes: And the same was received; and read the Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding One thous

First Time. hundred and Sixty-three Pounds Thirteen Shi

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ten Pence, out of the Savings arising upon

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. the Difference between and Irish Pay o

and 65th Regiments of Foot, from the Fi Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported September to the 24th Day of December 1768, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it towards defraying the extraordinary Expent was referred to consider further of the Supply granted Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services in to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee the 20th Day of February 1772, and not p had directed him to report to the House; which he read by Parliament.

in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Resolved, That it is, the Opinion of this C Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow- That, towards making good the Supply grai eth; viz. Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousai

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, out of the Savings arising upon the Grants: That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two thousand Four of Reduced Officers of Land Forces and M< hundred Forty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Five the 25th Day of June 1757 to the 24th Da} Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the 1768, be applied towards defraying the 0 Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, anc make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July vices incurred, to the 20th Day of February 1771; of the Fund established for paying Annuities, in not provided for by Parliament, respect of Five Millions borrowed by Virtue of an Act, The said Resolutions being severally reai made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Time, were, upon the Question severally towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Y'ear upon, agreed to by the House.

1758-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, so That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to to resolve itself into a Committee of the w His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Com- to consider of the Report, which was ma pany of the Merchants of England trading into the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ta Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company near the City of London, on Behalf of themf in carrying on their Trade. rest of the Tanners in Great Britain; and;

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second tition of the Master, Wardens, and Comtnc Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Art or Mystery of the Curriers, of the Cil agreed to by the House. were referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read according Ways Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Resolved, That this House will, upon tli

and Means, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Weeks, the 5th Day of A/ay next, resolve was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for said Committee, railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report Ordered, That the Order of the Day', f to the House; which he read in his Place, and after- to resolve itself into a Committee of the wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same upon the Bill for the further Augmentatio were read; and are as followeth; viz. ties of the Justices of and the Gre;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Counties in Wales, be now read.

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His And the said Order being read accordin

Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Eight The House resolved itself into the said '

Stuart's Fee Fa. m Rents.

Criminal

laws.

12 Geo. III.

140 Apr.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tb resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion or Remainder in Fee Simple, now veiled in His Majesty, of, and in, an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of One hundred and Thirteen Pounds, One of the several Fee Farm Rents granted to the Right honourable heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, unto the Honourable James Archi-ba!a Stuart, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Con-ikleration to be given by him, or his Heirs, for the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Alexander Gilmour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Bnnbury, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the Criminal Laws as relate to Capital Offences; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, the Re-solutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of Henry the Seventh, intituled. The Penalty of a Captain or Soldier, retained to serve the King in his intended Wars, not doing their Duty, as subjects Offenders to Death, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the First and Second Years of Philip and Mary, intituled, An Act against certain Persons, calling them Elves Egyptians, as subjects Offenders to Death, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lb much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds, calling themselves Egyptians, as subjects Offenders to Death, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to retain her Majesty’s Subjects in their due Obedience, as subjects Offenders to Death, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Counsellor, in the Execution of his Office, to be Felony without Benefit of Clergy, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of George the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge across the River ’Thames, from Palace Yard, in the City of Westmmfer, to the opposite Shore, in the

V'ol. 33.

County of Surrey, as subjects the Offenders "to Death, be repealed.

The said Resolutions being severally- read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Banbury, Sir Meredith, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Charles Fox, Sir George Savile, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, and Captain Phipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made. That it be an Tnftrudion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Their Majesties to enfranchise Copyhold Ell..res, holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for enabling His Majesty to sell or exchange Lands and Hereditaments, within the Manors of Wimbleton and Richmond, in the said County;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Provision intended to be made by the said Clause, or Clauses, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for enabling His Majesty to sell or exchange Lands and Hereditaments, within the Manors of Wimbleton and Richmond, in the said County.

Richmond

(Surrey)

Enfranchise.

merit.

A Petition of William Tennant, Esquire, was presented Birmingham to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- new tioner is seised of the Advowson of the Rectory of the Churche*. Church of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, which is the ancient Parish Church of the said Town; and that the Petitioner has been informed, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for building One or more new Church or Churches, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the said Town, which will very much affect the Rights and Interest of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his Rights.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for building One or more new Church or Churches, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, is committed; and that the Petitioner be beard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second African Reading of the Bill for regulating the Election of Com- Company, mittee Men, for managing the Affairs of the African Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. John Aird do attend this House, Tomorrow, at the Second Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bourke do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Cleland do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Silva do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Mather do attend this House, at the same Time.

The

Corn.

140 — 15* Aprilis. A. 17'

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade;

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, complaining of the present Price of Corn, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

to report, when the House will please to receivi fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-m< Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-m Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurit, 150 Aprilis;

Anno 12* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

tiiflenters. The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’sProtestant Subjects dissenting from the Church

of England;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " on this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^r*

"now"

70.

Offices

and

Mr. Montagu:

Tellers for the Noes J Sir jellers for the JNoes, sir:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the First Day of May next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons mp oymom. juve omitteef to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations,-and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworthtook the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. IVhir.errthrepotted from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto; which tlicv had directed him

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford a Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, an taining, the Harbour of for enlarging a proving the Quays and Piers, for erecting Breads, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, an out of, the said Harbour; and for other ! therein mentioned; without any Amendmen also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, for draining the Low Grounds and Cars, lyini several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of K, Keyingliam Marsh, Ryhill, and Bitrji:

Skecklitig, Burton Pidfea, and Ridgmont, Oi Halfkam, Owflwick, Roofs, I

Eljiernwick, Lelley, Humbl Fitling, Hilston Aldbrough, Flinton, and Tanflerne, within the Se Holderness, and East Riding of the County without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitulec for dividing and inclosing such Part of the and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Tardebi in the County of Worcester; without any Air And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule for the better securing and preserving His Maje yards. Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, ai without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitul for repairing and widening the Road, from tl Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforeir Balfall Common, in the County of any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitu for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repa from Burlton, in the County of Salop, throi to Llanymynech, in the same County, and fi

to the East End of the Llanriader Road, an Carrick Lane, to the Turnpike Road from to Oswestry, near Coid IJJa Mountain, and f

Turnpike Road, on Knockin Heath, to the Knockin Lane; without any Amendment: The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitr for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Tvv in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign" of the First, and the Twenty-first Year of King George the Second, for repairing the leading from Birmingham, through the To\ bury, to a Place called High , and to and from thence to the End of Gibbet L joining to the Township of , an

Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingszvinforc further End of Brittel Lane, in the Cou;

Tunbridge,

&c.

Roads.

Ramsey,

fcc.

Drainage.

Whittlcfey

Drainage.

Benniworth

inclosure

Amendment.

our tales Nat.

Justices

Salaries

(Chester).

Perron’s

EH ate.

12 Geo. III. 15°

wick, Stafford, and Worcester;without any Amend* ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from ’Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Sw Den, in the Parish of Etching ham, and from Frant to PoJJingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there leading to Black-boys, in the County of Su/Jex j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of

dington, March, Benwick, Wimblinglon, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden's or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whitt/efey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the several Fen and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts described in the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Authorities given to George Fiefchi Heneage, Esquire, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing certain " Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the " Parish of Bcnniworth, in the County of ,"to

charge certain Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, of which he is now drift Tenant for Life, with a certain Sum of Money, for reimbursing to him the Expences which he has been at in the inclosing the fame; and for other Purpol'es therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jaques Louis; without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, was committed.

Mr. Rice accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lor^s, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage, called and di-

vers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of

Vol. 33.

Iprilis. 697

Glouc^fter, the settled Estates of Benjamin Jason Perrott,

Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed as therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-wit h, Sir Edward Bayntun, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to Childrey, Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Common &c. Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable *nclosure* Lands, in the several Parishes of Letcom Bajjett, otherwise Upper Letcomb, and Childrey, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of George Prescott, Esquire, was presented Milbom to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the P.p?lt last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for e on"

the Borough of Milbom Port, in the County of -

set, the Petitioner and Richard Combe, Esquire, were Candidates, and Thomas Noake and William Hyde were returning Officers; and that, during the whole Course of the Poll, the said Thomas Noake and William Hyde, behaved with the utmost Partiality, in Favour of the Odd'Richard Combe, by admitting several Persons to vote for him who had no Colour of Right, and by refilling several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and who had an undoubted Right to vote; and that the said Thomas Noake and William Hyde did, by their Conduct both before and during the Time of the said Election, shew a determined Resolution to return the said Richard Combe as duly elected, in all Events, by which, and several other illegal and unwarrantable Proceedings both before and during the Time of Election, a pretended Majority hath been procured in Favour of the Sitting Member, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been elected and returned for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 6th Day of May next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Notices were sent to George Prescott,

Esquire, and Richard Combe, Esquire, in pursuance, of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mercurii 15® die Aprilis, 1772.

Ordered, That George Prescott, Esquire, do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend thi?

House upon Wednesday the 6th Day of May next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

J. Hat fell.

Cl. Dorn.

George Prescott, Esquire, having this Day presented his Petition, complaining. That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Milboum Port, in the County of Somerset, the Petitioner and 8 P Richard

69 8

Corn.

I50 Apr ills. A. 17'

Richard Combe, Esquire, were Candidates, and ’Thomas Noake and William Hyde were returning Officers; that during the whole Course of the Poll, the said Thomas Noake and William Hyde, behaved with the utmost Partiality in Favour of the said Richard , by admitting several Persons to vote for him who had no Colour of Right, and by refusing several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and who had an undoubted Right to vote; and that the said Thomas Noake and William Hyde did, by their Conduct both before and during the Time of the said Election, shew a determined Resolution to return the said Richard , as duly eletted in all Events; by which, and several other illegal and unwarrantable Proceedings, both before and during the Time of the Election, a pretended Majority hath been procured in Favour of the Sitting Mem-be, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been eleiffed and returned for the said Borough; and the House having appointed Wednesday the 6th Day of May next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration, you are therefore to take Notice, that the House will at that Time take the same Petition into Cohsideration.

Given under my Hand, the 15th Day of April 1772.

Speaker.

To George Prescott, Esquire.

The like Notice to Richard Combe, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, into this Kingdom, be admitted, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Rice, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into Great Britain, be admitted, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, if the Importation and Exportation of Corn were properly regulated by some permanent Law, it would afford Encouragement to the Farmer, be the Means of increasing- the Growth of that necessary Commodity, of-affording a cheaper and more constant Supply to the Poor, and of preventing Abuses in that Article of Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of {his Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Wheat is at or above 48 s. per Quarter, shall, cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ifhat the Duties now payable upon Rye imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Rye in this King-8

dom is at or above 32*. per Quarter, shall cease, d mine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commi That a Duty of 6 d.per Quarter be kid upo1 Wheat imported into this Kingdom, when the 1 of Wheat in this Kingdom shall be at or above per Quarier.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comm That a Duty of id. per Hundred Weight, be laid all Wheat Flour imported into this Kingdom, whe Price of Wheat in this Kingdom, shall be at or 48 r. per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comn That a Duty of 3 per Quarter be laid up< Rye imported into this Kingdom, when the Pr Rye in this Kingdom shall be at or above 28 Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comr That the Exportation of Wheat, Wheat Meal Wheat Flour, from this Kingdom, when the of Wheat shall be at or above per Quart prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comt That the Exportation of Wheat, Wheat Mea Wheat Flour, when the Price of Wheat shall he 44 s.per Quarter, be permitted, with the ;Boui lowed by the Statutes of the First of William and and the Twenty-fourth of George the Second,' upc Wheat, and VYheat Meal, as shall be of the Gro this Kingdom, and exported according to the I tions prescribed by thofeand other Acts of Pailia

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this-Com That the Exportation of Rye from thisKingdon the Price of Rye shall be at or above 28 per (, be prohibited.* 1

Resolved,' TlVat- it 19 tile Opinion of this Corr That, for and upon all Wheat,- Wheat Flour, a which shall have been imported into this Kingdo which shall be exported again thereout, 1 drawn back, any and all such Duty and Duties have been paid on the Importation of the said and Wheat Flour and Rye into Great Britai Drawback to be demanded and paid under fu< and Regulations as Drawbacks in Cafes of the ture are' drawn back and paid.

The First Resolution of the Committee beir Second Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made th inferring after the Words " Wheat Flour," th " Rye, and Rye Meal."

And the said Amendment was, upon the put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with t mittee in the said Resolution, so amended, tha portation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Rye Meal, into this Kingdom, be admitted, for Time, free of Duty.

The fubl'equent Resolutions of the Commit severally read a Second Time, were, upon the severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hoi

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the Hoc that Mr; Bacon, Mr. PowuaMr. Aklerman . Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Turner, Lord iV Pennant, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Si

Bagot, Mr. Pulteney, Sir George , Nlr

Mr. Cooper, Mr. Whitbread, Sir Edward HU Dempster, Mr. Burke, Mr. Jackson, Mr. De lonel St. Leger, Mr. Fuller, Sir Joseph Nfavobc^ Turner, Mr. Brickda/e, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Molefwand Nlr. prepare, and bring in* the fame.

Sir WH/iamDolben reported from the C

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclolins

12 Geo. III. 150 Apri. 699

Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Thorpe A church, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Aldwinckte Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to iadofure. w),orn the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows Commonable Lands,- and Waste Grounds, in Aldzvinck/e, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 18 Acres and One Cottage; and also, except the Owners of4 Cottages and an Half, within the said Parish, who refuled to lign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Cottages amount to 53, and the Quantity of Land intended to be inclosed consists of 1,966 Acres or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill), and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Savoy - Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for settling and determining what Parts of the Precinct of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, and w’hat Parts thereof under the Survey of the Dutchy of:

And that Mr. Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, and Air. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Richmond Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

(Surrey) to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, E upon the Bill to enable Their Majesties to enfranchise

Copyhold Estates, holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Shrrey be now read.'

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

£aft India That the Order of the Day, for the Members

A flair*. to prepareLifts, to be put into Glafies, of Thirty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the India ' VOL. 33.

Company, and of the British Affairs in the Edfi Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Chamber, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of th£

House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order made upon Monday last, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glasses, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over according to that Order, those who then appeared severally put the Lifts by them prepared into the Glasses; at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not theft -appear were taken down.

And their Names being 'again called over, several of those Members appeared,' aftd in like Manner put the Lifts by them prepared into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which Thirty-one Persons the Majority falls:

And a Committee was appointed of Colonel Sir William Meredith, &c.: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingross'ed Bill for rendering the Payment of the Insolvent Creditors0of insolvent Debtors more equal and expe- ^Scotland 1 ditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law, by ’

Arrestment and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Addons upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law, by Arrestment and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House West India toTefolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housei, Estates to consider of the Motion, " That Leave be given to (Security). *c bring in a Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign " States to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold

" or Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies " in the West indies, and to render the Securities granted

" to such Aliens effectual, for recovering' Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of lvlch Freehold " and Leasehold Estates," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 28th Day of this Instant April, at Twelve of the Clock resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the-whole House, ar>d- Meant, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

.And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And

15° — 16" A frills.

Insolvent.

Debtors.

Greenwich

Hospital

(Prizes).

Berwick* Sc c. Roads.

Great

Paunton

inclosure.

West

Halton

inclosure.

Watford Church-yard and Poor.

St Nicholas (Warwick) inclosure.

Brampton

inclosure.

Kemble and Pool inclosure.

Welton

inclosure.

Lothbury (London) Sale and Exchange,

700

-And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Tort* night the 29th Day, of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

N

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for indemnifying the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison from Prosecutions at Law for certain Escapes from the said Prison without any Amendment: And also,

.. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual vesting, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, in Prizes taken from the Enemy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Walls, to

Compton's Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Muir to Compton's

Lanes, in the County of Berwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish an Indenture of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Great Paunton, in the County of Lincoln -, and for dividing and inclosing several other Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the same Manor and Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Lordship of Halton, in the County of Lincoln',without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Cemetry or Church-yard of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford; and to make an additional Building to the present Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Brampton, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Kemble and Pool in the County of Wilts-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of in the County of Lincolnj without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in Loth-hury, within the City of London, in Trustees, to be Ibid.; and for purchasing another Messuage or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

A. 1

naturalizing Frederick; to which the

desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Reading of the Bill for regulating the Election c mittee Men, for managing the Affairs of the / Company;

Several Persons attending according to Ord< severally called in, and examined at the Bar.

And then they were severally directed to wit

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Secor upon Friday Fortnight, the First Day of May n

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported i Committee of the whole House, to whom thi indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualil lelves for Offices and Employments, and to in Justices of the Peace, or others, who have om register or deliver in their Qualifications, wi Time limited by Law, and for giving further 1 those Purposes; and to indemnify Memb Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borougl whole Admissions have been omitted to be according to Law, or, having been stamped, 1 lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time t< Admissions duly stamped; and to give further such Persons as have omitted to make and file 1 of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to and Solicitors, was committed; the Amendmer the Committee had made to the Bill; and wi had directed him to report to the House; am the Report in his Place; and afterwards the Bill, with the Amendments, in at thi Table: Where the Amendments were O throughout; and then a Second Time, One and, upon the Question severally put tl several of them were disagreed to, and the agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendt ingossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till T Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 16° *

Anno 12* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 177a Prayers.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, B other Inhabitants, of the Town of Gs presented to the House and read; Setting.l the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the Ho Petition hath been presented for Leave to Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canai River Colney, in the Parish of Horton, in the Bucks, to communicate with the River worth in the County of and

Maidenhead Bridge, in the said County of that the Petitioners apprehend, the makii Canal would be detrimental to the Navig; River Thames, and highly injurious to the the Petitioners, the Town of Guildford, arK jacent; And therefore praying, That th heard, by their Counsel, against the said Pe have such Relief in the Premises as to the feemjuft.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refe Consideration of the Committee, to whom of Holland Cookfey, Esquire, is referred; ai Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, bef Committee, upon their Petition, if they thii

12 Geo. III. i6° Aprilis. 701

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Shares of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, in Prizes mittee. That they da admit Counsel to be heard, at taken from the Enemy; and for other Purposes therein the same Time, in favour of the said former Petition, mentioned:

against the Petition now presented. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for

indemnifying the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison St. Pancras Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- from Prosecutions at Law, for certain Escapes from the (Middlesex) COrding to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, said Prison:

Streets. watering, and watching, the Streets and other public An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras of for the Admission of Freemen into

in the County of hliddlesex, as lies West of 'Tottenham Court Road, and also so much of the said Road, within the said Parish, as lies South of Chapel Street; and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of that Part of the said Road for the future, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within the Limits aforesaid; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Elv House The House was moved, That the Order made upon 1^.°") the 3d Day of March last, " That Leave be given to K &c‘nS’ " bring in a Bill for veiling Ely , in in Trustees, to be conveyed to the Lords Commissioners ot His Majesty’s Treasury, or as they shall direct, and for applying the Purchase Money, together " with a Sum of £. 3,000 to be paid for Dilapidations, " in the building and fitting up another House, and " purchasing Ground for that Purpose, for the future Residence of the Bishops of Ely, and for applying the Surplus for the Benefit of the See; and for " other Purposes to be therein mentioned might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling Ely House, in Holborn, in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and for applying the Purchase Money, with another Sum therein mentioned, in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece of Ground in Dover Street, and in the building and fitting up another House thereon, for the future Residence of the Bishops of Ely, and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Charles Wkitworth and Mr. Howard do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ditto. Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling Ely House, in

born, in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and for applying the Purchase Money, with another Sum therein mentioned, in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece of Ground, in Dover and in the building

and fitting up another House thereon, for the future Residence of the Bishops of and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Royal Assent A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis *0 neux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

BilU. Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for the more effectual veiling, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, the forfeited and unclaimed

VOL. 33.

Corporations; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the more effectual proceeding against Persons Handing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy:

An Act for the better securing and preserving His Majesty’s Dock-yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores:

An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of for enlarging

and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jet tees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes, in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent j and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein:

An Act for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Land and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ram-fey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Bemvick, and Chatteris,

within the Isle of Ely, in the county of ; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden'%, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey:

An Act to amend, and Vender more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands, and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the several Fen and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said Act:

An Act to enlarge the Cccmetery or Church-yard of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford-, and to make an additional Building to the present Work-house, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Ure, from Great Oufeborn to Aid-work, in the County of York An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts:

An Act for amending and widening the Road from Berjlreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New -

ham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the present Turpike Road from Beffeljleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford, otherwise Sou fly Water, in the County of

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Duns ford, in the County of Devon, to Cherry Brock, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County:

An Act to continue, and render more effectual. Two several Acts, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster,

8 Q through

702

I 6° Aprilis.

A, \j

through the Town of AJliton under and Parish of Met tram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter’s Brook,

in the County Palatine of Chester:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherry Brook, and to Pound, and

from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Saint Ive's Lane, in the Town of Saint Neot's, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cam~ bridge!

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, for repairing the Highways between and Huckliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the

Sign of the WhiteHorje to the Sign of the King's Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid; and also for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horses to the Bull Inn, in Dun-fable aforesaid:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Btittel Lane, in the Counties of

Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester:

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymvnech, in the same County; and from Knockin to the East End of the Llanriader Road; and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turppike Road from Llanymynechto Oswestry, near Coid Jffa

Mountain', and from Ofwefry Turnpike Road, on Knockin Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balfall Common, in the County of Warwick:

An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the Parish of Etchingliam; and from Front to Poffing-worth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there leading to Blackboys, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Bank-

hcvfeWalls, to Compton's Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eyand from Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lancs, in the County of Berwick:

An Act for raising, out of the Estates late of Ann Nugent, deceased, the Sum of £. 10,000. for the Benefit of the Right honourable Robert Craggs, Lord Viscount Clare, in the Kingdom of Ireland, her late Husband; and for railing, out of the Estates late of Elizabeth Eliot, deceased, the like Sum of f. 10,000. for the Benefit of Edward Eliot, Esquire, in Recompence and Satisfaction to the said Robert Lord Viscount Clare and Edward Eliot, for their severally consenting to give up and relinquish certain Powers of leafing lor Lives, or Years determinable on Lives, reserved to them respectively, in and by the several last Wills of them the said Ann Nugent and Elizabeth Eliot, and the Settlements which

have been made in pursuance thereof; and for vac annulling, and extinguishing, the said Powers of lc; and for other the Purposes therein expressed:

An Act for granting to William Jones, Esquii certain Contingencies therein mentioned, a Terr Ninety-nine Years, if he shall so Jong live, in th Estates late of William Jones, Esquire, deceased, several Counties of Wilts and Berks, upon such as are therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenemet the County of Southampton, late the Estate of John Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; a applying the Money arising from the Sale there* wards discharging his Debts and Legacies:

An Act for vesting the Freehold and Le< Estates of Edward Holden Cruttenden, Esquire, de in the Parishes of Putney and Roehampton, County of Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes mentioned:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain in Fenchurch Street, and A Street, in the City 1 don, escheated to the Crown by the Death of . nant General John Brown, without Heir, unto F Montagu, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the therein mentioned:

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and rities given to George Fiefcb Esquire, by

made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and i " certain Open and Common Fields, and Grounc " in the Parish of Benniworth, in the County " coin," to charge certain Lands and Heredit Parcel of the Manor of , in the Cc

Lincoln, of which he is now strict Tenant for Life certain Sum of Money, for reimbui sing to him pences which he has been at in the inclosing the fa for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the O Common Fields, Commons, and Common < within the Hamlet of Ba in the Parift ham, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Com Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish nor ten, in the County of Worcester

An Act for dividing and inclosing level Fields, Meadow, Pasture, Common, and Waste within the Liberties of in the C

Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing cert Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within tl ship of Welton, in the East Riding of the C York:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and drain tain Parcel of Land, called or known by the The Cow Pasture, lying in the South Fen, in of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln; and for and rendering more effectual, an Act, made ir Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intitule* for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and drainii Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waft< Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bo County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the fe* Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the T Sigg/efthorne, in Holderness, in the East Rid County of York:

An Act for draining the Low Grounds lying in the several Parishes, Townships, anc Keyingham, Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill anti Burftwick and Skeckling, Burton and

Ottringham, Halfham, Owftwick, Roofs, Hire,

Jlall. Wax holme, Elfternwick, Lelley, Humble. Hilfton, Garton, Aldbrough, Flinton, and Ta>ift the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Rid County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing such

i2 Geo. III. i

Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of as lies in the County of W:

An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Failures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or YValle Land, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act to confirm and establish an Indenture of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Great Paunton, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing several other Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the same Manor and Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Kemble and Pool, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Lordship of West,

in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Draper with Elizabeth Hartnell, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Skinn with Ann Skinn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again j and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Francis Sellon:

An Act for naturalizing John Bou/quet:

An Act for naturalizing John Lewis:

An Act for naturalizing Jacques Louis Pourtales.

Wheat, Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat portaoon. p]our> Rye> an<] RyC Meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rice Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-(America) der, a for allowing the free Importation of Rice into mportatioa. ^js Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

of the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Savoy Order, a Bill for settling and determining what Parts of Pre*i*»a»* the Precin<5l of The Savoy, in the County of ^c'

shall be under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, and what Parts thereof under the Survey of the Duchy of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Richmond Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to (Surrey) enable Their Majesties toenfranchise Copyhold Estates, "Kent's' *" holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he lead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Dominica t Command, falej°f

A Paper, intituled, " Sales of Lands in Dominica Lau<ls'

" 9th April 1770."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Colonel Burgoyne reported from the Committee, who East India were appointed to examine the Lists of Thirty-one Persons Affair*. Names to be the Committee appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the Eojl Indies, and to report to the House upon which Thirty-one Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

The Committee find, that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

Corn Mr. Pownall presented to the House, according to Importation, Order, a Bill to regulate the Importation and Exporta-&c- tion of Corn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Justices An ingrossed Bill for the further Augmentation of the s-(trie* Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions (Chester.) for the Counties in Wales, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 1. To leave out " Judges" and to insert Justices" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries

Vw.. 33.

Colonel Burgoyne - -- - 152

Sir William Meredith, Baronet - ----- 146

Sir George Savile, Baronet - 144

The Right honourable Lord George Sackville Germain 141 Rose Fuller, Esquire - -- 139

Frederick Fane, Esquire - -- -- -134

Colonel Bar re

Mr. Solicitor General - -- j^i

The Right honourable Lord Howe - - - 130

Richard Sutton, Esquire ----- 130

Mr. Attorney General - -- -- - 127

Thomas Pitt, Esquire - -- rad

The Right honourable Welbore Ellis - - - 116

The Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet - 115 The Right honourable George Rice ----- 109

William Pulttney, Esquire ----- 109

The honourable Charles James Fox - - - 106 Charles Wolf ran Cornwall, Esquire - - - 106

The Right honourable Lord Viscount Fo/keftone - 102 The Right honourable Henry Seymour Conway - - 98

Beaumont

704

16° Aprilis. ' A.

Beaumont Hotham, Esquire - -- --98

Barlow Trecclhick, Esquire - -- --96

Robert Henley Ongley, Esquire ---- 93

George Johnstone, Esquire ----93

Edwaul Bacon, Esquire - -- -- -92

A/heton Curzon, Esquire - 8 2

Sir John Turner, Baronet - -- -- -81

The honourable Constantine John Phipps - - - Bo

Robert Gregory, Esquire - -- -- -80

The Right honourable Lord Clive ----- 77

Henry Strachey, Esquire - -- -- -72

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Seven of them, do meet on Saturday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

East India The House being informed that Mr. from the Affairs. United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Memorial, of the 12th September 1769, as delivered to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, by Two Armenian Merchants, named Gregore Cojamaul and Johannes Padre Rafael: And also,

2. Copy of a Letter from Gregore Cojamaul to the Directors of the East India Company, dated 29th February 1772, together with the Answer thereto: And also,

3. Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor and

Council of Calcutta in Bengal, of the 10th.

1767, as transmitted to the Court of Directors of the East India Company; with Copies of the Proceedings and Papers referred to in the above-mentioned Answer to the said Letter from Gregore Cojamaul.

' Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the several Orders, made upon the 26th Day of March last, for the several Papers therein mentioned, relating to the East India Company, to be laid before this House, except to far as the same relate to the Papers this Day presented to the House, be discharged.

An ingrossld Bill to enable His Majesty to Reversion or Remainder in Fee Simple, now His Majesty, of and in an Annual or Fee h of One hundred and thirteen Pounds, One of Fee Farm Rents granted to the Right honor ward, heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by his la King Charles the Second, unto the honour;] Archibald Stuart, and his Heirs, upon a full am Consideration to be given by him, or his Me fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grar verlion or Remainder in Fee Simple, now vel Majesty, of and in an Annual or Fee Farm R hundred and thirteen Pounds, One of the Farm Rents granted to the Right bonourab! heretofore Earl of Sandwich, Dy his late M Charles the Second, unto the honourable chibald Stuart, and his Heirs, upon a full an Consideration to be given by him, or his FIc fame.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do ca: to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Cor Common Marsh, and other Commonable Pla tire Parish of Sutterton, in the County of I read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to L low Bertie, Lord Robert Bertie,: And meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cloi Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Con Open Fields, and certain other Commona belonging to, and in the Parish of Wig County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to L low Bertie, Mr. Lascelles, he.And they; this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tl Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Co and certain other Commonable Places and C within the Parish of Kirton, in the Parts of the County of Lincoln, was read a Second T

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to I low Bertie, Sir George She.: And the}

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in t! Chamber.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employ Buildings Mr. Mackworthpresented to the House, according to poor, within that Part of the Parish of Sat

and Order,'a Bill for the better Regulation of Buildings and which is in the County of and

Party Walls. Party Walls, within the Cities of London and cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating,

Jler, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and C Precincts, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Places, within the same, and for reme the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon and Paddington, Saint ances therefrom; and for making the C01 Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of between Char ter house Square and Saint John Si Middlesex; and for the better preventing of Mischiefs Charterhouse Lane, more convenient, was ri by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Pre- Time.

cin&s, and Places; and for amending and reducing the Resolved, That the Bill be committee Laws relating thereto into One Act; and for other Pur- , Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: .

poses: And the same was received; and read the First to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the C Time. Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hotham reported from the Committ Collier’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act the Bill for draining and preserving certai Divorce, to difiolve the Marriage of George Collier, Esquire, with Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Paritl

Chrifliana Gwyn, his now Wife; and to enable him and other adjacent Parishes,

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein men- Riding of the County of York; and f

tioned, was read the Third Time. Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Market

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. River Humber, was committed; That tin

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to had examined the Allegations of the Bil the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath the same to be true; and that the Survc agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. nors, and Jurors, of Walling Fen, and a!

Charlton

Indofore.

Lothbury ^London) Sale and Exchange.

Serern Towing Paths.

'Wing

Indoftuc.

12 Geo. III. \6* Aprilis. 705

Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except One Owner of 324 Acres of the said Commons and Low Grounds, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of 156 Acres, who were not known; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be drained consist of 22,276 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Proportion of Tythes to be paid.

And the said Ciaule was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered tQ be added to the Bill, for regulating the Time of Meeting of the Trustees.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the' Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according to "Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Charlton, in the Parishes of and Kings Sutton, or one of them, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in both-bury, within the City of London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing another Messuage or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tithe. *

A Petition* of Jane Brown, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and keeping in Repair a Road, or Passage, for Horses, on the Banks of the River , between

Bewdley Bridge and a Place called Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for haling and drawing Vessels along, the said River, and for making Compensation to the.Owners of Lands for as much Ground as may be ncee.flary.for that Purpose; and setting forth. That, in case the said Bill pass into a Law, as it now Hands, the Property and Eftarte of the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying. That the Petitioner may be heard, by her Counfei, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect her Property, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. George Bridges Brudene/l reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting. And inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of , in the County of Rutland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of

Vol. 33.

One Yard Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except Four Persons, who are possessed of Half a Yard Land, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the I^and intended to be’inclosed consists of 40 Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-r rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report.In his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second T*the, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Gum-ley, in the County of Leitefter, was read the Third Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of in

the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords,..by Mr. Hoi ford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pasted. a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Henry Blundell, Esquire, Tenant for Life under Settlement, to carry into Execution Articles of Agreement, between him and- the Right honourable the Earl of SefUtn, for the Exchange, of divers Messuages, Lands,

and Hereditaments, comprised in such Settlement, for other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, of the said Earl; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be, read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who, have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admillions have been omitted, to be damped, according to Law, or, having be^n stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admilfions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

8 R

Gumley

Indofute.

Blundell’s

Estate.

Offices

end

Employments,

70 6 i6° — 28* i

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bast India Ordered, That the several Copies of Charters, Treaties, Mhut. Accounts, Books, and all other Papers, which were predated to this House in the Session 176*, relating to the East India Company, together with the Papers this Day presented to the House, by Mr. be referred to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies.

The said Papers, this Day presented to the House, are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Seven-

night, the 28th Day of this Instant April* Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Martisy 28° die Aprilis;

Anno 120 Georgii IIIm Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Gunpowder. A BILL to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage, of Gunpowder, within Great Britain-, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the' Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

BuUdingt A Bill for the better Regulation of Buildings and PartyWaUs ^art<y Walls, within the Cities of London and Westmin-' fter, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Prccindls, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parities of Saint Mary le Bon and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at in the County of

Middlesex-, and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places* and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Adtj and for other Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the Seventh Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee-of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Spurn Sir Thomas Frankland reported from the Committee, Lighthouse*. to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses now (landing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Lighthouses instead thereof, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, -upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed -to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ngrofled.

Mr. Scudamore reported from the Comm whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Fre and others, of the County of , was

That the Committee had examined the Matt feid Petition; and had directed him to report as it appeared to them, to the House; and he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and Ibweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petit John Sherburne, being examined, laid, That I leading from a Smith’s Shop at Stanton, Parish of Lanvyhangel, in the County of I through Comyoy, to Chapel-a-fine, in the said C

in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts nr incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinal of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the G who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,; amending, widening, and altering, the Roac from Crickhoweil, in the County of , to Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Roa< the City of Hereford and Ross; and from a PI the Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of Saint A to the Town of Grofmount, in the County of 1 and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish Newton, in the County of Hereford, to Pon the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County, Th; make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing ai ing the Road leading from a Smith’s Shop,: in the Parjfli of Lanvyhangel, in the Count) mouth, through Comyoy, to Chapel-a-fine, in County of Monmouth.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled for veiling a Messuage, with the Appurtei Lothbury, within the City of London, inTrufl fold; and for purchasing another Messuage to be settled to the like Uses, was read Time.

Reftthted, That the Bill be committed tc Molsworth, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they a this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Chamber.

A Bill for vetting Ely House, in Holbori Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and so the Purchase Money, with another Sum »the tioned, in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece o in Dover Street, and in the building and fittii ther House thereon, for the future Resider Bishops of Ely; and the Surplus to the Ber See; and for other Purposes therein ment read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Sevennight, the Sixth Day of May next, n into a Committee of the whole House, up< BilL

An ingrossed Bill to enable Their Maje: franchise Copyhold Estates, holden of the Richmond, in the County of Surrey, was reac Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tlube, An Act for enabling Their Majesties to Copyhold Lands holden of the Manor of I the County of Surrey; and for enabling His (hut up a Lane leading from Richmond G River Thames; and to tell and exchange ce

within the Manors of Richmond and JVimb/et<

Ordered, That Mr. Ambler do carry the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shilton

ladofarc.

Childrey,

Sec.

Indofore.

Wigmore

Inclosure.

Danverk*

Rftate,

Halheii9!

Estate.

Sta'nton, Sc c. indofure.

12 Geo. III. 28° Ap707

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Warwick* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in the several Parishes of Letcomb -otherwise

Upper Letcomb, and Childrey, in the county of ,

was read a Second Time.

Refohed ', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Freeman, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

A Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, and improving, certain Common Woods and Moor Lands, within the Borough and Parish of Wigm in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Vansittart, S: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An* ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering and enabling the Trustees, named in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Daniel Esquire, and Mary his Wife, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, to make Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, vested in them upon divers Trusts, mentioned in the said Settlement; and to lay out the Money anting from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in such Manner as the said Leasehold Estates Hand settled, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Vansittart, Sec.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Rallied Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to King, Esquire, and

his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in The Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Gilbert, Stc.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham* ber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields, within the Townships or Hamlets of Great and Little Stainton,

Newbiggin, and Great Rlencoiv, in the Barony of

Jlcck, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Rfolved, That the Bin be committed to Mr Vo L.33.

Mr. Lowndes, See: And they are to meet ’this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Henry Blundell, Esquire, Tenant for Life under Settlement, to carry into Execution Articles of Agreement, between him and the Right honourable the Earl of Sefton, for the Exchange of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, comprised in fuqh Settlement, for other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, of the said Earl; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. braham Bootle, Sir Thomas Clay, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

The Lord Wenrnan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commo/i Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Heath, otherwise Hethe, in the County of Oxford-, and for exonerating certain Lands, belonging to William Fermor, Esquire, from Tithes and Right of Common, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Pla$e; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moors or Commons, in the Township and Parish of Terrington, in the North Riding of the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moors or. Commons, in the Township and Parish of Terrington, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, and certain other Commonable Places and Open Fields, within the Parish of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, is committed.

Mr. Edmmflone' reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 27th Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And

Blundell9# Eli ate.

Heath

Inclosure*

See*

Terrington

Drainage,

Sec,

Voices i Kirton, Sec. Inclosure*

Glasgoir

Roads.

708 , 28° . 1

And the House being informed that some other Amendments were necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Astrop, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open tec. and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the laclofore. Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of in the

Parishes of King's Sutton and Newbottle, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of AJlrop, in the

Parishes of King's Sutton and in th<

Of Northampton,

Ordered, That Mr. Methuen do cany the B Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Command,

An Account of Monies paid, by the Directi Lords of the Treasury, as a Compensation Satisfaction of the Loifes and Expences incu suant to the Orders in Council, for prevc spreading of the Infection amongst the Hori in North Britain.

And the Title of the said Account was reai The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Monies paid, by the Direction of the Lords of the Treasury, as a Compenfi full Satisfaction of the Losses and Expences incurred, pursuant to the Orders in Council, for prev< spreading of the Infection amongst the Horned Cattle in North Britain.

'll1-

1 ft August - - Sheriff of Banff

'll7-6 Janry - - - Mr.

28 Apr. - - - Mr.

£. s. d.

- 78 14 2

- 89 5 9

- 126 4 o

£294 3 11

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House-.

Christchurch Ordered, That Mr. Hart do make the Report (Middlesex) from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, n-eets. c]eanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Christ-church, in Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish, was committed.

Mr. Hart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of several Persons, Owners of Houses and Estates, and Inhabitants of the Parishes of Christchurch and Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex j and also the Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for allowing the Importation of Wh Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, into this King limited Time, free of Duty, was read a Secc

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thm ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing the free Importation c this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s America, for a limited Time, was read a Secoi

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thu fng next, resolve itself into a Committee ( House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to regulate the Importation and of Corn, was read a Second Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to t of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thu ing next, resolve itself into a Committee < House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Occupiers and Other Buildings, in a Lane called Chart in that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulch. in the County of Middlesex, was presented t and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for tl lief and Employment of the Poor, within 8

r

12 Geo. III. 2&a Apri. 709

the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the County of Middlesex, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards and Open Passages and Places, within the same, and for removing Annoyance therefrom,; and for making the Communication between Charterhouse Square and Saint John's Street, through r Lane,

more convenient; and Setting forth. That, by the said Bill, the Houses and other Buildings of the Petitioners, on the South Side of the said Lane, are directed to be purchased, and pulled down, for the Purpose of widening the same; by which Means, the Petitioners will be driven from the Place where they are known, and where the Custom of their respective Trades and Employments is established, and be reduced to the greatest Necessity: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them.

Ditto. A Petition of several of the Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Houses, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which lies in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was also presented to the House, and read } like-wife taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, by the said Bill, a Tax is to be laid on the Parishioners at large, for the Purpose of widening Charter-house Lane, which will not be attended with any particular Benefit to the Petitioners, but only to the Persons going to and from Charterhouse Square, great Part of the Inhabitants of which Square are, by the Bill, exempted from the Payment of any Rate or Tax for the Purposes of the Act; and that the Petitioners are already burthened with an heavy Expence for the Maintenance of the Poor, and being mostly Occupiers of Houses at Rack Rent, many of them will not he able to pay the said Tax; and that, unless the Tax to be laid, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Parish, be very moderate, the Petitioners w^ll be much injured and oppressed, and very unable tq bear the Burthen thereof; and that there are several other Provision? in the said Bill, which will be very injurious to the Petitioners, if the same should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as will affect and ii\juxe the Petitioners.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Highways. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of HU

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend,

;md reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also another Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, with such Alterations and Amendments as may be proper to be made in the said Acts.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Sir George Savile,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Money iffijel Address of Monday the 13th Day of this lnflant April (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give e Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dmf, for the House Turnpike to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, wt0*1?5’ f to consider of the Report which was made from the Carriages) Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of lo much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty,* intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce intp Qoe Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Breadth of the Wheels of Carriages used upon Turnpike Roads, and to the Number of Horses allowed to be used therewith, and lo report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i

B-efolvtd, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 12th Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from Money iflbed the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; pursuant to and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Addrefc*. their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; via.

Vol. 33.

8 S To

Fishery (British.)

Cazenove’s

Nat

West India E dates. (Security.)

710

a 8° — 29° Aprilis.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money, which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, towards defraying the Expence of Printing the Journals of the House of Commons -

To William France, Gentleman, for furnishing the New Committee Chamber, and Apartments belonging to the House of Commons -

To Samuel Dunn, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons - -

To William Boivyer, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of Printing 1,250 Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records, as His Majesty shall think fit - -

Exchequer, the 28th Day of April 1772.

John Hug

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report be feccivec Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at' the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Distmrfements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31 December 1770 to:31- December 177* .

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session. ’ -

’ , .

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Cazenove, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, " That Leave be given to bring " in a Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States " to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold or " Leasehold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies; and to render the Securities granted " to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the " Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold and " Leafehokl Estates," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the laaie.

The other Order of the Day being read, Resolved, That this House will, To-morr resolve itself into a Committee of the \ upon the Bill for amending, and renderin tual, the several Laws now in being, f Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly < and for preventing Persons who keep Vidtui or Houses of Public Entertainment, from into, or serving, any Parish Offices.

And then the House adjourned ti!

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 die April

Anno it° Georgii IIP11 Regis, i

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill foT draining and prel Commons, Low Grounds, and Carrs of Market Weight on, and other adjacent P, East Riding of the County of York; and Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Market hi River Humber j was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were fevci to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 13. 1. 25. After " Bridge" to

and after " under" " over."

Pr. 14. 1. 8. After " Bridge" to

and after " under" " over."

Pr. 17. 1. 4. To leave out " Weii

" Works" instead

Earl of Sandwich’s Mate.

Tyne Bridge. (Bishop of Parham.)

Framwell-gate, &c. Inclosure.

12 Geo. III. 290 April

Pr. 29. L i 1.) To leave out " these Presents," 12.) and inlert " this Act" instead ' thereof.'

Pr. 39. 1. 21. To leave out " on."

Pr. .63. 1. ' To leave out " by," and insert

" to" instead thereof; and to leave out " and."

Pr,74. 1. 11. To leave out " River," and insert " Cut, or Canal" instead thereof.

.’ Pr. 76. 1. 12. To leave out "River," and insert " Cut, or Canal" instead thereof. Pr. 77. I. 10. To leave out " River," and insert " Cut, or Canal" instead thereof. And the: laid Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and preservirtg certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of Market Weighton, andbther adjacent Parishefc, in the East Riding of the County of, York-, and for making a Navigable Cut, -or Canal, from Market Weight on to the River Humber.: Ordered, That Mr. Hot ham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ‘ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable John Earl of,

and the Honourable John Montagu, commonly called Lord Vifcovuit Hinchingbrook, and the Survivor of them, to grant Leases of the Countess of Sandwich's Moiety of Estates, in the Counties of Ardmagh and in the

Kingdom of Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stephens, Mr. Butler, &c t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas. Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop of Durham, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Milne, being examined, laid. That-the Bridge which, crofted the River Tyne, from Gateshead to Newcastle was, by the Violence of the Flood, upon the 17th Day of November.last, broken down in several Parts, and

rendered impafiable; and that it is necessary the same should be rebuilt with all potlible Expedition: And, Mr. Thomas Lloyd produced a Copy of a.Decree of the Court of Exchequer, in the 24th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, whereby it appeared, that the Bishop of Durham, for the Time being, is charged with the Repair of One-third Part of the said Bridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, for repairing or rebuilding such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham: And that Sir Thomas Clavering and Mr. Vane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners of ancient Messuage* or Burgages, within the City of Durham, and Borough of

Framwelgate, and the several Parishes of Saint Mary le Bow and Little Saint Mary, in or near the said City of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, and who are entitled to Right of Common upon the several Moors, Commons, or YVaftes, known by the several Names of Framwelgate Aloor, High BraJJide Low

BraJJide Mot, Harber House Aloor, and Well Springs Aloor, and in and upon Two Parcels of Ground, known by the several Names of The bitack, otherwise The Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, all lying in or near the said City and Borough, in the Manor of Chester, in the VOL.33.

County of Durham, in Behalf of therrtselves, and several

other Persons who claim Right of Common for and in respect of their ancient Messuages or Burgages, in and upon the said several Moors and Parcels of Ground, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for dividing and inclosing the said Moors, Commons, and Parcels of Ground, and for other Pun-poles therein mentioned; and that the said Bill hath been promoted and brought into the House without the Consent of the Petitioners, and of many others interested in the said Division; and that the Petitioners are Owners of several large and valuable Messuages or Burgages* for which, as the Bill now stands, they will not, upon the Subdivision of the said Commons, have greater Allotments than the Owners of Messuages or Burgages of the smallest Value -, and though several Persons may have signed the said Bill, who have large Houses, yet such Houses arc composed of -several Burgages laid :to»-gether, for every one of which they expect to have separate Alldtments; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that these is no Reason why, in the First Division, the Lands should have Allotments in proportion to the Whole, and the Houses only to Half, of their Rental, the Houses being subject to the Payment of greater Taxes, and more Repairs than Lands are liable to; and that the Petitioners are advised, that the Claims of Right of Common, in respect of Intercommon Lands, are not clearly provided for in the present Bill, nor -any Rule therein let down, to direct the Judgment of the Commissioners, in setting out any Part of the Lands proposed to be divided to the Freemen of the City of Durham, in case they should appear to have a Right; and that several other Matters are so doubtfully expressed in the said Bill, as it now stands, that, if it should pass into a Law, the Petitioners are advised, it could not be carried into Execution: And.'therefore praying.

That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the same; and that such Order may be made in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ditto, thereto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, and as such entitled to a Right of Common, in and upon the Moors, Wastes, or Commons,’ and Parcels of Ground hereafter mentioned, for and on the Behalf of themselves and others, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it appears, by the Votes, a Bill is depending, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The Intack or Cow Pasture, and Skazo Wood, in the Parish of Saintand Manor of Chesttr, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there; and representing to the . House, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law; it would be very injurious to the Petitioners, and others having Right of Common upon the said Moors, Wastes, and Parcels of Ground, intended to be divided: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Wastes; or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The Intack or Cow Pasture and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham; 'and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at 1 the

29* Aprilis.

Spurn

Lighthouse*.

St. Pancras (Middlesex) Stmt*.

712

the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, ag^inst the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses now Handing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the , and for erecting

other fit and convenient Lighthouses in Head thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses now Handing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Lighthouses instead thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Frankland do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching, the Streets and other Public Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies West of Tottenham Court and also so much of the said Road, within the said Parish, as lies South of Chapel Street j and for discharging the Trustees from the Cate of that Part of the said Road for the future, upon the Terms therein mentioned j and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within the Limits aforesaid; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Mackworth,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common raftures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of , otherwise in the County of Oxford; and for exonerating certain Lands belonging to William Fermor, Esquire, from Tithes and Right of Common, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fidds, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Heath, otherwise Hethe, in the County of Oxford , and for exonerating certain Lands belonging to William Fermor, Esquire, from Tithes and Right of Common.

Ordered, That the Lord Wenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jolliffe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Reads from Sheetbridge to Portsmouth, and from Horn Dean to Havant, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord's Day. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws now in being, for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday j and for preventing Persons who keep Victualling Houses, or Houses of Public Entertainment, from being elected into, or serving, any Parish Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Small Debt*. A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of ixiutraiiaft'i) Small Debts, within the Borough and Foreign of Kid-

A.

Heath

Inclosure.

Sheetbridge, tee. Road1.

dtrminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in t of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to M well, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in th< Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ir the Regulation of Private Madhouses: And Alderman Harley, Mr. Peregrine Cust, Mr. J) Captain Phipps, Sir George Servile, and Mr. I do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for di' inclosing the Open Common Fields, Comi Waste Lands, and a Stinted Pasture, called Pasture, in the Parish of Ackworth, in the York, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that no ( tended}

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severall; to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 34. After " indofed," to in " Quantity of Land " Quality and Conver " fidered, be equal in and to leave out " Par 1. 35. After " Lands," to inst an average Vain Whole."

1. 36. To leave out Quality " venience, as well a " to be considered."

And the said Amendments were, upon th severally put thereupon, agreed to by the H the Bill was amended at the Table according

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thi be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the C mon Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, an Pasture, called The Cow Pasture, in the Ackworth, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George SatviU do carry the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fot to resolve itself into a Committee of the wl to consider further of the Supply grant Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That the Account of all Sum; which have been issued, by His Majesty’s C suant to Addresses of this House, and whi< been made good by Parliament, be referred Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies p Direction of the Lords of the Treasury, as tion and full Satisfaction of the Losses an incurred, pursuant to the Orders in Coun venting the spreading of the Infection a Horned Cattle in North Britain, be referre< Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into th< mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair < mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the That they had come to several Resolutions had directed him to report, when the Hou to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Morning.

6

12 Geo. III.

0 Jt

29 — 30

Aprilis.

713

Sir Charles Whilmorthalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they mav have Leave to (it again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblvc it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted-to His Majesty.

Coiney A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Isleworth of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Own-

Canal. ers of Wharfs, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of, and residing near, the Borders of the Itiver Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Mills of Holland Ccokfey, Esquire, on the River Coiney, in the Parish of Horten, in the County of Bucks, to communicate with the River Thames at ,in the County of MiJJlefex, and at or Qear Maidenhead Bridge, in the said County of Bucks; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the said Cut, or Canal, should be effected, and the Trade of the said River diverted into a new Channel, the Petitioners and many others would be greatly injured, many of them receive irreparable Damage, and some be ruined; and that the said Project, if it is buffered to take place, will, in particular, be of infinite Prejudice to the Lands, Towns, Villages, Owners of Wharfs, Warehouses, and Granaries, on or near the Banks of the said River; and that an Act passed in the last Sc Hi an of Parliament, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and that the Commissioners therein appointed have made a considerable Progress, and expended large Sums of Money, in improving the Navigation of several Parts of the said River Thames, and are proceeding, with as much Expedition as the Nature of the Work will admit, to execute the Powers contained in the said Act; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that, when the Works now carrying on are completed, the Public will be accommodated with Wrater Carriage at a much less Expence than by the proposed Canal; and that, by the Improvements of the old River, carrying on under the said Act, the Lands will be better drained, the Floods carried off much sooner than they have been for many Years, and the Petitioners will be protested in their several Rights and Interests, which they and their Ancestors have enjoyed Time out of Mind: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Petition; or have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Holland Ccokfey, Esquire, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said former Petition, against; the Petition now presented.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ana Means. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

West India Mr. Jackson, according to Order, reported from the

Eftatw Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-(Security.) ferred>

to ccr.fider of the Motion, " That Leave be '* given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Subjects of

VOL. 33.

" Foreign States to lend Money upon the Security of " Freehold or Leasehold Estates in any of His Majesty’s

Colonies in the West Indies; and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual, for recovering " Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such " Freehold and Leasehold Estates," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Reftl-ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would tend to the more speedy and extensive Cultivation of His Majesty’s Colonies in the Indies, and to the Public Benefit, if the Subjects of Foreign States were encouraged to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold and Leasehold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies; and if the Securities granted to such Aliens were retidered effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold and Leasehold Estates* under proper Restrictions.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {capt2f 29.

TeHers for the Noes, . > 36.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Apr ills;

Anno 12° Georgii III111 Regis, 1772* Prayers.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common Council Meni Guardians of the Poor, Manufacturers, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, on Behalf of themselves and of all other the Inhabitants of the same City, and Towns and Places adjoining: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Sudbury;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn and all other Provisions; and praying. That a free Im-

Ejrtation thereof may be permitted, or such other elief granted as to the House shall seem meet. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Scudamore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and altering, the Roads leading from Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross’, and from a Place called the Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of Saint Alaughan's, to the Town of nount, in the County of Monmouth; and from a Smith’s Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvyhangel to in

the same County; and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to

Ponltanaft, in the Parish of Cin the said County: And the fafne was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

8 T Ordered,

Com

(Norwich.)

Crickhowell

See.

Roads*

714

30" Jp

Stockbridga Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt‘ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Southampton, in the Room of Richard , Esquire,

who# since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Charlton, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-tec. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Inclosure. Commonable Lands, of, and1 within, the Hamlet and Liberties of Charlton, in the Parishes of Newbottle and King's Sutton, or One of them, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolbetl, Mr. Whitworth, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s' Chamber.

Tyne Sir Thomas Clavering preferred to the'House, accord- Bridge. fog to a Rill to enable the Lord Bishop of

ham, and his Successors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be applied for the repairing or rebuilding such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred.to consider further of the Supply granted to'His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House? which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and areas foMoweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Six thousand Five hundred and Eighty Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued, by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred Ninety-four Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been paid to several Persons in North

tain, as a Gonlpcnfation, and in full Satisfaction, of their Losses and Expences incurred, pursuant to several Orders of Council, for preventing the spreading of the infectious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle.

The said Resolutions, being fevefally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Moulton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. rrioii Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Moulton, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lafcclles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shelley’s Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom E;late». the logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act t’b enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Edward Shelley, Esquire, to cut down and fell Timber, upon the settled Estates of the said Edward Shelley, in the County of Sussex; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled

to the Uses of the said Will, and other 1 committed; That the Committee had c Allegations of the Bill, and found the true; and that the Parties concerned ha Cctnfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction 1 mittee; and that the Committee had dir fepott the Bill to the House, without any . And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’i

And the said Bill was read the Third Tit

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry tin Lords , and acquaint them, that this Hous to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That it be an Inftroftion to fh of the whole House, to whom the Bill tc Importation and Exportation of Corn, i That they have Power to make Provisioi Bill, for regulating the importation and E Barley.

Ordered, That it be an Indraft ion to t mittee, That they have Power to receive Clauses, to admit Wheat, W heat Flour, Rye, to be imported, Duty free, from Exportation thereof shall be prohibitec Britain and Ireland to Foreign Countries.

Ordered, That there be laid before this (rafts of Sir Robert Karl and, '% Letter to tin the Admiralty, dated the Ninth Day of 1 lb far as the lauie relate to the Experim Mr. Irving's Method of rendering SeaW;

Ordered, That there be laid before this li of Captain Arbutl.not's Letter of the 29th

1772, -relative to the Experiments made: Air. Irving's Method of rendering Sea together with Copies of the Reports u panied the said Letter.

Resolved% Nemine contradicente. That nc to Religion, or the Alteration of the Law Religion, be brought into this House, un fition shall have been first considered in of the whole House, and agreed unto by tl

Ordered, That the said Resolution be ma Order of the House.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the Term Powers, of so much of an Act, made in 1 of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repait from Suit on Coldfield Common, and fevera therein described, in the County of j to the Wolverhampton District of Roads, Third Time.

The Amendment following was propel to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 45. 1. 1. To leave out from " Eft in Line 2.

And the said Amendment was, upon put thereupon, agreed to by the House was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And be, An Act to continue the Term, and ers, of so much of an Act, made in th the Reign of his late Majesty, for repaj from Sutton Coldfield Common, and fevei therein described, in the County of to the Wolverhampton District of Roads.

Ordered, That Sir John Wroltefiey do c the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to 1 of the whole House, to whom the Bi the Importation of VEheat, Wheat Flout Meal, into this Kingdom, for a limite

T y thes (Quakers.)

Maidenhead

Bridge.

Eaibrd

Children.

Wheat,

&c.

Bleckley

Jcclolcrc*

12 Geo. III. ^o° Jprilis.-^i° Mali. n\t

Duty, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to permit the Importation of Indian Corn, from his Majesty’s Colonies in , Duty free.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing several Acts of Parliament, for the Recovery and Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers, and for enlarging the Powers thereby given, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itl'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Vanfttartreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that some other Amendments were necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the Third Day of this Infant April, " That Leave be " given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Settle-

ments of Ballard Children, born in Lying-in Hospitals and in other Houses appropriated for the " Reception of pregnant Women; and all'o for the " better Regulation of such Hol'pitals and Houses *" might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Qrv&m/, That the Instruction, which, upon the’Seventh Day of this Inllant April, was given to the Gentlemen, who were appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Settlements of Ballard Children: And that Mr. Whitworth, Sir Joseph Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Feiide, Mr. and Mr.

Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fut the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, live, and Rye Meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitveorik took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whit-worth reported from the Committee. That they lud gone through the Bill, and made ll-veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.j Dowdeswelireported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Common Pafturos, and other Commonable Places, in the Township of Blockiey, and Hamlets of Dr ay cot and ,in

Vol. 33.

the Parish of Blockiey, and County of was com*

mitted; *1 hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consentto the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons, whose Property in the said Fields amounts to 284 Acres, who refused to sigh the Bill; and that the whole of the Property in the said Fields intended to be inclosed conlifts of 2,304 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House:, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a limited Time, be now fead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworthtook the Chair of the Com*

mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chais.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Ordef of1 the Day, for the House to resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Veneris, i° die Mail *

Anno 12* Georgii III,n Regis, 1772. Prayers,

A PETITION of iLdmund Hi/l, Owner of divers Gunpowder Mills upon Hounslow Heath, was pretexted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage of

Gunpowder

Rice

(Amexcia.)

Corru

Gunpowder.

Ditto.

Christchurch

(Middlesex)

Street*

St. Oswald

(Framwcl^atc)

Inclosujc*

Quartering Troops: Innkeepers (Nottingham.)

716 10 Mail

Gunpowder within Great Britain, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes; and Setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would greatly affect the Property of, and put a Stop to the Trade and Business of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard by his Coun-fel, and produce Witnesses in Support of his Petition, against the said Bill; and that the House will grant him such Relief touching the Premises, as the Nature of his same may require, and as to them may seem tneet.

A Petition of Frederick and Miles Peter An-

drews, Esquires, Gunpowder Makers, near in the County of Kent, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, moll of the Provisions in the said Bill are very necessary, but that some of them, if parted into a Law as they now Hand, will materially prejudice the Public, and be a Very great Detriment to the Petitioners as Gunpowder Makers: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be a Detriment to them; or that they may have such other Relief as the House shall think «t.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, Watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alley's, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex; and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulat ing such Parts of Brick Lane, as are not within the said Parish; was read the Third Time.

Refofued, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Ckrijlchurch, in Middlesex, and for removing

Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane, as are not within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Hart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The bitack or Pafiure, and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Scvennight.

A Petition of the Innkeepers of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Hardships, which, the Petitioners alledge, they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if it was left to the Option of each Innkeeper, to provide Hay and Straw for the Horse to be quartered on him, at the present Price of

Sixpence each Night, or only to provide I with convenient Stables and Necessaries for gratis, as the Inkeepers shall find most cor future Times (this Alteration not to extend on a March, or employed on the recruitii the same would remedy the Grievance com And therefore praying the House, to gran tioners the Relief proposed, or such other A1 the Laws for quartering Soldiers, as to the 1 be found most proper for His Majesty’s Serv Ease of His Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Table.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from mittee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge, across the River Tyne, from the Newcastle upon Tyne, to Gateshead, in the Durham, was committed; That the Com examined the Allegations of the Bill; and same to be true; and that the Committee through the Bill, and made several Amendrr unto; which they had directed him to rep House; and he read the Report in his Plac terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amer at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments read throughout; and then a Second Timi One; and, upon the Question severally put were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amen< ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do Report from the Committee, to whom the I viding and inclosing the Open and Comm Meadows, and other Commonable Lands: Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of ton, in the County of Huntingdon, was commit

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reporter laid Committee, That the Committee had the Allegations of the Bill, and found the: true; and that the Parties concerned had £ Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of tin tee (except the Reverend Doctor the said Parish Church, who refused to lig but laid he would not oppose the fame; t One Cottager, who was appriled of the Bi not attend at a Meeting to sign the same; a Person appeared before the Committee to Bill) and that the Committee had gone tl Bill, and made several Amendments thereui they had directed to be reported to the Hou read the Report in his Place; and afterwarc the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cie Where the Amendments were Once read tl and then a Second Time, One by One; the Question severally put thereupon, were c the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amen ingrossed.

Sir William Guise reported from the Con whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Field, Downs, and Commonable L in the Manor and Parish of Eajileach County of Gloucester, was rc-committed; Tha mittee had made several other Amendrm Bill; which they had directed him to re| House; and he read the Report in his I afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Ai in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend Once read throughout; and then a Second by One; and, upon the Question severally upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amer ingrossed.

African

Company.

Block ley, Arc. Inclosure.

Thorpe

Achurch

luclosure.

AM winkle I..ciofure.

Severn T owing Pain.

12 Geo. III. i# Mail.

7l7

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the Election of Committee Men, for managing the Affairs of the African Company, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Township of Blockley, and Hamlets of Draycot and Paxford, in the Parish of Blockley, and County of W cester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Township of Blockley, and Hamlets of Draycot and Paxford, in the Parish of Blockley, and County of cester.

Ordered, That Mr. Rufhout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Thorpe Achurch, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Thorpe Achurch, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Aldwinkle, in the County of Non, hampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Aldwinkle, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making and keeping in Repair, a Road, or Passage, for Horses, on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bezvdley Bridge, and a Place called

Meadow Wharf, at Colebrookdale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for making Compensation to the Owners of Lands, for as much Ground as may be necessary for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bald-

wyn, Lord Pigot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Jane

Brown, Widow (which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of April lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Heading of the said Bill) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Vol. 33.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by her Counsel, before the said Committee, upon her Petition, if Ihe thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Charles Bunburypresented to the House, according Criminal to Order, a Bill to repeal several Acts of Parliament, L»w,« so far as the same inflict capital Punishments for certain Offences: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to SaltaOi the Clerk, of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Bradfhazv, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Mr. Hervey, from the Commissioners for executing Sea Water the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- (IrT>ng’r fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Discovery.)

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of a Letter from Captain Arbuthnot, Senior Officer of His Majesty’s Ships " and Vessels at Spit head, to Mr. Stephens, Secretary of " the Admiralty, dated the 29th of 1772; with " Two Inclosures, relative to the Experiments made " there of Mr. Irving's Method of rendering Sea Water " freshAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of a Report of Experi-€t ments, made on Board His Majesty’s Ship Terrible, at " Spithead, relative to Mr. Irving's Method of rendering " Sea Water fresh; inclosed in Captain Arbutknot's Letter to Mr Stephens, dated the 29th of 1772,

" N" 1 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of a Report of Experiments, made on Board His Majesty’s Ship " at Spithead, relative to Mr. Irving's Method of rendering Sea Water fresh; inclosed in Captain not's Letter to Mr. Stephens, dated the 29th of " 1772, N® 2 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Extract of a Letter from Ad- miral Sir Robert Harland, Baronet, Commander in " Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in the " Indies, relative to Mr. Irving's Method of rendering " Sea Water fresh, to Mr. Stephens, Secretary to the " Admiralty, dated at Madrass, the 9th of " 1771."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Charles Fox presented to the House, according Clandestine to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty- Maniages. sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Wheat, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

S (J Bill Lnporuuo*

7i8 i° — ~2° Mali. . i

Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat That the Account of Sales of Lane

Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, into this Kingdom, for a Islands of Tobago, and Saint Vincent,

limited Time, free of Duty, was committed, the Amend- which was presented to the House upon the i< ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and of April 1767, be referred to the said Committe< which they had directed him to report to the House; and Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Land he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Ceded Islands in 1767, transmitted by the Comn: the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: appointed for such Sales, the 18th Day of Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; which was presented to the House upon and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Day of February 1768, be referred to the (ai Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the mittee.

House. Ordered, That the general Account of Sale:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Charibbee Id ingrossed. the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769

was presented to the House upon the 10th Day Rice Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported 1770, be referred to the said Committee. (America) from tjje Committee of the whole House, to whom the Ordered, That the Account of the Produce 0 importation, gjj fQr a|jowing the free Importation of Rice, into this Prizes taken before the Declaration of War, wl Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies ih Ame- presented to the House, upon the 7th Day of rica, (or a limited Time, was committed; the Amend- 1764, be referred to the said Committee, ments which the Committee had made to the Bill; Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sales c and which they had directed him to report to the " in Dominica, 9th April 1770," be referred to 1 House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Committee.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Then the House resolved itself into the fal at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were mittee.

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of th<

were agreed to by the House. mittee.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, ingrossed. ' Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Con

That they had come to several Resolutions; whi St.Pancraj Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the had directed him to report, when the House wi (MKidiciex.) Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, lighting, to receive the same.

cleansing, watering, and watching, the Streets and other That the Report be received To-

pubJic Plates, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Morning.

Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies West of sir Whitworth also acquainted the

Tottenham Court Road, and also so much of the said That he was directed by the Committee to mo Road within the said Parish, as lies South of they may have Leave to fit again.

Street-, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday of that Part of the said Road for the future, upon the ing "ext, resolve itself into a Committee of the Terms therein mentioned; and for preventing Nuisances House, to consider further of Ways and Me and Obstructions within the Limits aforesaid; and for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

The other Order of the Day being read; Diflenteri. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, rag next, resolve itself into a Committee of th< upon the Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s House, to consider further of the Supply gra Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of His Majesty.

England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; And then the House adjourned till To-

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Morning, Ten of the Clock,

poled. That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the *____________________

Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday Morning " next," and inserting the Words " this Day Three " Months," inllead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words 2°

" Tuesday Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. Anno 12* Georgii III," Regis, 1772.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. _

0 Praters.

WayS Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House OIR Charles Whitworth, according to Order, and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from the Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the it was referred to consider further of Ways an Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, I

And the said Order being read accordingly; lutions which the Committee had directed him

Ordered, That Surplusses, dated the 5th Day of April to the House; which he read in his Place; and d 17 71, be referred to the said Committee. delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the i

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of read; and are as followeth; viz.

October 1771, be referred to the said Committee. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cc

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic in the Ceded Islands, transmitted by the Commissioners porate, possessed of, interested in, or entitled appointed for such Sales, the ill of July 1765, which was Annuities, being Part of the Capital or Joint presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March Cent. Annuities, consolidated by lev

1766, be referred to the said Committee. of Parliament, of the 25th, 28th, 29th, 32

3

j 2 Geo III. 2" Mali.

719

Years of the Reign of George the Second, and several subsequent Aits, which were made payable and transferable at the Bank of England; or of the Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the 25th of George the Second, and 5th of George the Third, called Reduced Annuities, also payable and transferable there; or of certain £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, which are payable and transferable at the South Sea , called Old South Sea Annuities and New South Sea Annuities; or of 3per Cent Annuities, payable in respect of 100,000 granted

by an Act of the 24th Year of the Reign of George the Second, for the Service of the Year 1751; who, on or before the 15th Day of this Instant May, and before the Sunv subscribed shall amount to £. 1,500,000, shall fub-scribe their Names, or signify their Consent to accept, in lieu of their Interest in any Part of the said Principal or Capital Stock Handing in their Names, and in full Satisfaction and Discharge thereof, the Sum of £.90 in Money for every £. 100, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Sum or Sums, composing one or more entire Sum or Sums of £. 100. 50. or 25. of such Principal or Capital Stock, one Moiety thereof to be paid on or before the 15th Day of July next, and the other Moiety on or before the 20th Day of next, together with the Interest due on the whole Capital Stock so subscribed, to the 5th Day of July next, shall, for every £. 100 Principal or Capital Stock, as aforesaid so subscribed, be entitled to receive- Four Tickets, in a Lottery, to consist of 60,000 Tickets, at the Rate of £. 12. 10 s.each (and in that Proportion for any greater or less Sum) the said Tickets to be paid for in Manner following; that is to lay, That every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, lo subscribing, or signifying his, her, or their, Coplent as aforesaid, shall, on or before the 15th Day of this Instant May, make a DepoGt of j£. 1, in respect of the Money to be paid for each Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments, to the Cashiers of the Dank of England ,on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say, for and in respect of every such Ticket, £. 2, on or before the 19th Day of June next; £,. 3 on or before the 22d of July next; £. 3 on or before the 21st of August next; and £. 3. to on or before the *d Day of October next: That, upon such Payments being completed. Tickets shall be delivered, as soon as the same can be prepared, to the Persons entitled thereto: That the Sum of .600,000 shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on the First Day of March 1773, or as soon after as Certificates can be prepared, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers, shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so possessed of, inlerested in, or entitled to, any of the said Annuities, and so subscribing as aforesaid, shall have a Certificate, from the said Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of the Amount of the Principal or Capital Stock by them respectively subscribed, and of all such Sum and Sums of Money as he, she, or they, shall be entitled to receive, in Consideration of such their Subscription, and in Lieu and in Discharge of his, her, or their Capital Stock, so subscribed; and the Holders or Bearers of such Certificates shall be paid, at the Bank of England, the several Sums of Money expressed in such Certificates, together with Interest after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent per Annum on the Capital Stock so subscribed, in the Manner, and at the Times, hereinbefore described: That, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with such Interest, the Whole of the Principal or Capital Stock l’o subscribed shall Hand discharged, and be annihilated; and the Annuity payable in respect thereof 33-

shall, from the said 5th Day of July 1772, cease and be extinguished.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Books be opened at the Bank of England, for receiving such Subscription and Consent; and that, during the Two First Days on which such Subscriptions and Consent are to be received, no one Person, Body Politic or Corporate, be admitted to subscribe, or signify his, her, or their, Consent, for any Sum or Sums, amounting in the Whole to more than £. 10,000 Principal or Capital Stock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of £. 1,856,723.

1 s. 2d. out of such Monies as shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding^. 20,000, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer on or before the 5th Day of April 1773, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be reierved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 1772.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the 5th Day of April,

1773, and on or before the 5th Day of April 1773, of the Produce of the Duties charged by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Resolution, which. Ditto. Upon the nth Day of February last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply u granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied " the Sum of One hundred Thirty-six thousand Four " hundred Sixteen Pounds and Eight Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer on the 10th " Day of October 1771, for the Disposition of Parliame nt,

" of the Monies which had then ariien, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other " Revenues of the Fund commonly called the Sinking " Fund."

The House was also moved. That the Resolution, which, upon the 20th Day of February last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be ifl’ued and applied " the Sum of Fifty-five thousand One hundred " two Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence Three " Farthings, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th

" Day

720 2° .

" Day of January last, for the Disposition of Parlia- " That, towards making goo

" ment, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the " granted to His Majesty, a Sum, notexce * Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other " six thousand Seven hundred and Sevent) " Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking " and Ten Shillings, out of the Savings ari " Fund." " Sum voted in the Account of Extraordi

The House was also moved, That the Resolution, " Year 1770, for Levy Money for the f which, upon the 6th Day of this Instant April, was re- tation, be applied towards defraying the ported from the Committee of the whole House, to " Expences of His Majesty’s Land Fprc whom it was referred to consider further of Ways, and " Services incurred, to the 20th Day of Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, " and not provided for by Parliament." and was then agreed to by the House, might be read. " Resolved, That, towards making goc

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read " granted to His Majesty, a Sum, not e: accordingly; and is as followeth; viz. " thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-three

" Resolved, That the Sum of Four hundred thou- " teen Shillings and Ten Pence, out of th< " sand Pounds, which, by an Act, made in the Ninth " ing upon Grants for the Difference b< " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An " and Irish Pay of the 64th and 65th Regin " Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals, " from the First Day of September to the *f made by the East India Company, for the Payment " December 1768, be applied towards defr of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, " traordinary Expences of His Majesty’s " for a limited Time, in respect of the territorial Ac- " and other Services incurred, to the " quisitions and Revenues, lately obtained in the February 1772,- and not provided f

" Indies, is directed to be paid, within the present " ment."

" Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, " Resolved, That, towards making goc " by the said Company, be applied towards making " granted to His Majesty, a Sum, not ex< " good the Supply granted to His Majesty." " thousand Pounds, out of the Savings

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions, " the Grants for the Pay of Reduced ©ffi which, upon the 14th Day of this Instant April, were " Forces and Marines, from the 25th reported from the Committee of the whole House, " 1757 to the 24th Day of December 176 to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways " towards defraying the extraordinary Ex and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Serv jesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be " to the 20th Day of February 1772, and read. " for by Parliament."

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be broi accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.suant to the Eight last mentioned Resolut " Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply pursuant to the Refohitions this Day repc " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied Committee of the whole House, to who " the Sum of Eight hundred and Five thousand Three ferred to consider further of Ways and M " hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings ing the Supply granted to His Majesty, ai " and Two Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Ex- been agreed to by the House: And th " chequer on the Fifth Day of April 1772, for the Dif- Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow *position of Parliament, of the Monies which had then son> Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Fownfkend,

" arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooj " Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund com- Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fa " monly called the Sinking Fund."

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply Mr. Hervey, from the Commissioners " granted to His Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding One the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great " hundred Thirty-eight thousand and Ninety Pounds fented to the House, pursuant to their Or " Five Shillings and Ten Pence, out of the Savings An Estimate of the probable Expence " arising upon the Grant for the Pay of an Augmenta- jesty's Navy, for the Year 1772; dieting " tion to His Majesty’s Land Forces for the Year 1771, the proper Heads of Expence.

" be applied towards defraying the extraordinary Ex- And the Title of the said Estimate was " pences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Ser- The said Estimate is as followeth;

" vices incurred, to the 20th Day of February 1772,

" and not provided for by Parliament."

12 Geo. III.

29 Mail

721

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1771} 1 ft May 1772.3 distinguished under the proper Heads upon the Services voted by the honourable House of Commons, shewing how far the said Expence may probably exceed, or fall short of, the Sums already voted for those Sendees; prepared purftiant to their Precept of the aoth February 177a.

On the Heads of Ordinary, Wear and Tear, Extraordinary Buildings, and

Repairs.

Salaries to the Admiralty, Treasurers, and Navy Office, to the Clerks of the Out Ports, £sV. -Stationary Ware for the same Offices, including Books and Forms of Accounts, for all His Majesty’s Ships and Yards ——

Contingencies for the same Offices -

Law Charges ——

Pensions to superannuated Sea Officers ——

Salaries to the Officers and Clerks of the Yards, and Wages to Watchmen and Warders Wages to the Officers and Men, borne on the Ships in Ordinary -

Half Pay to Sea Officers ——

Ditto — to Marine Officers -

Bounty to Chaplains - -- . ——

Repairs for the several Offices ——

Coals and Candles for the Admiralty and Navy Office - -

Travelling Charges to the Commissioners of the Navy on visiting the Yards; to the Officers of the Yards when employed on distant Services; to the Messengers of Deptford and fVookvich Yards; and to the Deputies of the Surveyors General of the Woods in , when sent

from their Habitations on Naval Services ——

Value of Stores and Materials contracted for, and to be purchased for His Majesty's Ships and Yards ——

"Wages to inferior Officers and Workmen in His Majesty's several Dock Yards, including £. 16,722. 3. 9. for One Tide extra to Shipwrights and Caulkers, for Four Months -Value of Stores and Materials contracted for, and to bte purchased for the Use of the several Rope Yards ——

Wages to the inferior Officers and Workmen at the Rope Yards, including £. 7,631. 14. 8. for One Quarter of a Day extra, for Four Months -

Building and repairing Ships contracted for in Merchants Yards -

Works proposed to be carried on by Contract, for Buildings and Repairs at His Majesty’s several Y ards ——

Imprefts to the Officers of the several Yards, to defray the contingent Charges thereof, and petty Eruptions ——

By the Storekeepers of His Majesty's Yards Abroad, for carrying on Works for the Repairs of those Yards, for Wage* to Artificers, for Stores that may be purchased, and other Contingencies -

By the Captains of His Majesty’s Ships, for Stores and Workmanship at such Places where there are no Naval Officers -

By the Naval Officer in the East Indies, for Supplies of Stores, for the Squadron in _ those Seas -

Exchequer Fees paid by the Treasurer of the Navy -

Transporting Stores, ballasting and unballafting Ships, and other incident Charges -

-C s*.

a wBd

0 2

*5 'O

PQ

IO

On the Head of Wages.

Wages to Seamen, calculated upon the Lift received from the Admiralty of Ships to be employed at Sea, in the Course of the Year -

Expence of maintaining the Number of Marines that may be borne in the Course of the Year, as by Estimate received from their Pay-master -

Flag Pay and Table Money to Admirals and Commodores, and Salaries to their Secretaries -

Pilotage of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels -

Reward to Schoolmasters teaching Navigation, to Judge Advocate, and for subsisting Shipwrecked Seamen -

£ s- d-372,931-----

121,884 2 9

10,500 — — -

4,5°°----

800 —

£t* d'

33>9°° — —

5.000 — —

10.000 — —

2.000 — — 16,300 — — .

18.000 — —

45,150-----

80.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.200 — —

2.000 — —

1.200 — —

1,200 — 388,000 — -222,600 —

84.000 — -

23.000 — 97»635 —

40.000 —

16.000 —

40.000 — -

5.000 —

25.000 —

2.000 —

10.000 —

1,190,185 — —

VOL. 33.

8 X

Surgeons

A.

722 2° Mali.

Surgeons Necessaries supplied by Contractors, and Necessaries that may be purchased Abroad -

Hire of Watermen for the Admiralty and Navy, Coach Hire to the Commissioners of the Navy when attending Pays, and Travelling Charges to the Physician of Greenwich Hospital - -

Allowance to the Clerks of the Pay Office and Navy Office, for attending Pays and making up Books, (Be. -

Imprefts for defraying the Carriage of Money to the Out Ports Surgeons Free Gifts -

£ d,

1,500-----

200 -

3.500 — —

500 — .---

2,000 -

Sick and Hurt Seamen, as per Estimate received from that

Office.

For paying Quarters, (sic. for Sick and Hurt Seamen and Marines in

Foreign Parts - -- - 13,978 16 7

Great Britain and Ireland ---- - 12,087 12 61-

Charge of Management of the Head Office ---- 9,059 15 7!

On the Head of Victualling, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners.

Salaries and Wages, Rents, Taxes, and all other Charges relative to the executive Part of the Office -

Ground and Buildings agreed to be purchased adjoining to His Majesty’s Brewhouse at London, and Victualling Premises at the Red House, Deptford, for the better carrying on the Victualling Service at those Places ——

For making a Relervoir, and erecting a Wharf and other Conveniences for the watering His Majesty’s Ships in Port Royal Harbour, Jamaica For building a Wharf, and widening and deepening the Creek leading up to His Majesty’s Brewhouses, Cooperage, and Storehouses, at Weevil, near Portsmouth, for the carrying on His Majesty’s Service with the proper Dispatch at that Port -

Necessaiy Repairs of Buildings at London and the other Ports -

Value of the Provisions to be purchased, that will be required to be issued from His Majesty’s Magazines in England and at , in Addition

to what were remaining in Store on the 31st December 1771, including Necessary Money to the Pursers -

Value of the Provisions that will be necessary to be furnished from the Contractors for victualling His Majesty’s Ships at Home and Abroad, including Necessary Money to the Pursers -

L

£. s. d. 45>7°6 *7 Si

3,480 -

995 9 9i

4,654 11 4

6,897 l9 *

160,180 10 iif

i*5>598 15 3

Value of the Provisions that will be necessary to be purchased and issued from His Majesty’s Magazines in England, for Harbour Victuals, for Officers and Men borne on the Ordinary, in Addition to what were remaining in Store on the 31st December 1771, including Necessary Money to the Pursers ——

Value of new Staves and Biscuit Bags necessary to be contracted for, to be delivered in the Course of this Year ——

N. B. His Majesty’s Victualling Stores and Magazines in England and at , cannot

be left destitute of Provisions upon the 31st December 1772, and therefore, if Three Months Provisions for the Number of Men which are computed by the above Estimate to be victualled from His Majesty’s Stores in England and at Gibraltar, should bethought a proper Proportion to have in Store at those Places on the 31st December 1772, to answer the Demands of the Fleet; it is computed that the said Proportion will make a 'further probable Exceeding of the Grants in the Course of the Year -

I-

5i8>.

I.

35*1

553*'

347*5

,7»I

12,7

377>3

47»9

425,2

13 Geo. Ill

2° — 4"

723

The probable Expence for the Year 1772, compared with the Grants.

HEADS. grants. t ! PROBABLE expence. PROBABLE |

E A r E N vJ E. ' more. J LESS.

Ordinary Estimate, exclusive of Harbour 7 Victuals - -- -- y Wear and Tear for 25,000 1 Men, at £. 1. 7.0. a Month 438,750 > Extra Repairs - - - - 3 75*939 3 Wages to Seamen and Marines, at 7 £. 1. 10. 0. per Man a Month - J Victuals for 25,000 Men, at 1 19 s.a Month - - - 308,750 > Harbour Victuals - - - 19,773 3 A- £s. d. 374,954 14 6 814,689 487,500 328,523 3 — £. s. d. 390,991 799,194 553,441 7 6 425,253 1 6 £. s. j 16*038 5 61 65>94i 7 6 96,729 18 6 £ t. d. 15,495

2,005,664 17 6 ',2,168,879 9 — I Abate - - 178,709 n 6 15,495 15,495

Shews the probable Expence to exceed the Grants - - 163,214 11 6

H. Palltjfer. J. Williams. . E. Majon. Brett. R. Temple.

Marine

Society.

Bastard

Children.

King’s

Ripton

Inclosure.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for incorporating the Members of a Society, commonly called The Marine , and their Successors, to be elected as therein is mentioned; and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Deligns, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevered Amendments thereunto i which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that some other Amendments were necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Settlements of Ballard Children . And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Kings Ripton, in the County of Huntingdon; which Bill was Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Vol. 33.

And the said Bill, being ingrafted, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of King's Ripton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lurtee, 4* Maii;

Anno 120 Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do cany to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Township of Blockley, and Hamlets of Dr ay cot and Paxford, in the Parish of , and County of

Worcester, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Shilton, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Shilton, in the County of Wanvick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Blockley,

&c.

Inclosure.

Shilton

Inclosure

724

4® Mail. A.

Asheborne Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee, to whom Charity. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Governors, and Assistants to the said Governors, in the Rule and Government of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of Elizabeth Queen of Engla', in the Town of in the County of Derby, in their Corporate Capacity; and the said Governors and Assistants, as Trustees of Six Alms Houses in Asheburne aforesaid, founded and endowed by Christopher , Esquire, deceased, to convey certain Lands and Possessions of the said School and Alms Houses respectively, in the Parishes of Winger-worth and Ashover, in the said County, to Henry Gladwin, of Wingerworth, in the said County, Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands, in the Parish of Brailsford, in the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wins

Inclosure.

9

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Wing, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were feveially proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. L 32. To leave out Corporation," and insert " Charity" instead thereof, and after " of," to insert the."

1. 34. After " certain," to insert " Rents

" or."

Pr. 10.1. 38. After " lieu," to insert " or to the " Owners."

1. 39. After " Ground," to insert respectively."

Pr. 11.1. 3. To leave out " Corporation," and insert " Charity" instead thereof; and after " of," to insert " the".

1. 4. To leave out " Sons," and insert " Children" inftdad thereof; and after " Clergymen," to insert " after such Allotment."

1. 22. After " so," to insert " to be."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Wing, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holjord and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Pearce’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling Part of the Estates late of Elizabeth Pearce, Widow, deceased, and William Esquire, other-

wife Pearce, her eldest Son, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Portions of her younger Children, and other Incumbrances; and for settling other Part of 1

her Estates to the same Uses; and for other to which the Lords desire the Concurrenc House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, A veiling the legal Ellate and Interest of and Freehold Lands, at Adder bury, in the Couni Jord, now vested in Charles Esquii

fant Trustee, in the Moll noble Duk

cleugh and his Heirs, and in certain Copyho in Kenneth Mackenzie, Esquire, and his Heirs, for the said Duke and his Heirs; to which t desire the Concurrence of this House: And all The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, / empower William Httlton, Esquire, to charge 1 Estates, in the County of Lancaster, or foi thereof, with One thousand Two hundred Poi Three thousand Pounds, for the Purposes the: tioned; and also to grant Leases of certain P; laid Estates; to which the Lords desire the Co of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, A vest in the Trustees named in the Will of Fran Esquire, deceased, such Powers of leafing and Sets of and on the Estates comprised in the S made upon the Marriage of John Pendary Esquire, deceased, as by the said Settlement w to the Trustees therein named; to which t desire the Concurrence of this House: And alf The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, A veiling the settled Estates and unsettled Eftat< Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust or Mortgage, to raise Money to pay off Poi Debts, and redeem Annuities charged upon ai ing the fame; and for refettling the Remaindei and Lands to be purchased, as in the said Act is to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do 1 settled and limited; to which the Lords desire currence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Ar veiling the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, b hold and Leasehold, comprised in the Marring ment of Charles Baldwyn, Esquire, in Trustc fold; and for laying out the Money arising Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hered to be settled to the same Uses which are now with regard to the said Freehold settled Ellate; the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, A vest in the Trustees named in the Will of Fran, Esquire, deceased, such Powers of leafing and Sets of and on the Estates comprised in the S< made upon the Marriage of John Pendarvi Esquire, deceased, as by the said Settlement w to the Trustees therein named, was read t Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tii

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, for veiling the settled Estates and unsettled 1 John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trustees, i by Sale or Mortgage, to raise Money to pay tions and Debts, and redeem Annuities charg and affecting the same; and for resettling the R thereof, and Lands to be purchased, as in the fa directed, to the Uses to which the said settlet do now Hand settled and limited, was read 1 Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tii

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, for veiling the legal Ellate and Interest of ar tain Freehold Lands, at Adderbury, in the C Oxford, now veiled in Charles Townshend, Ef Infant Trustee, in the Moll noble Henry Duk

12 Geo. III. 40 Mail725

cleugh, and his Heirs, and in certain Copyhold Lands in Kenneth Mackenzie, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust, for the said Duke and his Heirs, was read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hulton’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £ it ate. to im power William Hu Esquire, to charge his settled Estates, in the County of or some Parts

thereof, with One thousand Two hundred Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and also to grant Leases of certain Parts of his said Estates; was read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tyne A Bill to enable the Lord Bishop of Durham, and

Bridge, his Successors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be applied for the repairing or rebuilding such Part of "Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Vane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cnckhowell, A Bill for amending, widening, and altering, the Roads Roads leading from Criin the County of Brecon, to the Cross Hands, beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Herejord and Rojs, and from a Place called the Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of Saint Maug ban's, to the Town of Grojmouut, in the County of Monmouth, and from a Smith’s Shop, at Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvyhangel, to , in the fame

County, and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of H'etjh Newton, in the County of Herejord, to in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Owen, Mr. Scudamore, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ci iU mber.

k Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom ‘in the Bill for t be better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River Wetland, fr >m Spalding High Bridge, through Cozvbit, Peak hill, Crowland, and and for making

and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence to the V illage of Gientonin the Counties of and

Northampton, was committed , That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi.s Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were cgreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

s , 9, An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable the Guardians of the Infant Children of the honourable Mary Sandys, deceased, to make Leases of their settled Estates in and Ireland, during the ir

respective Minorities, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Lord Robert Bert:, Mr. To:cnjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ’

Baldwyn’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A jiilate. for vefing the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, both Freehold and Lealehokl, comp:ized in the Marriage Settlement of Charles EaUhvyn, Esquire, in Trustees, to Vot. 33.

be fold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments; to be settled to the same Uses, which are now subsisting with regard to the said Freehold settled Estate, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Marine whom the Bill for incorporating the Members of a Society. Society, commonly called The Marine Society, and their Successors, to be elected as therein is mentioned; and for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, was re-committed;

That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lord's, intituled, An Act for Cazenove’* naturalizing Frederick Cazenove, was read a Second Time. Nat.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Six Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from 0L..1,) Sheetbridge to Portsmouth, and from Horn Dean to &c. Havant, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike ’ Ro»d». Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jol/ijjc,

Sir Harry Saint John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom Whitechapel the Bill for repealing certain Provisions in Two Acts of (Middlesex) Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the High-ways in the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex-, and for railing Money for repairing the said

Highways, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ca£*"’ the better Regulation of Carters, Carnages, and loaded ^Scotland.) Horses, and for removing Obstructions and Nuifatices upon the Streets and Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Sir Alexander Gi/mour, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. das, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And Notice being taken, that a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, loaded Horses, Pedlars, 'l inkers, and petty Chapmen; and for filling up or inclosing Coal and other Pits, and Sinks, and removing of Obliruftions and Nuisances, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, had already passed this House in this Session of Parliament, and had been carried to the Lords for their Concurrence;

8 Y Ordered,

7 26

Mail.

A

felc&ions.

£afl India Affairs. (Cqjamaol)

Bastard

Children.

Ceded Islands (Sales of)

Ordered, That an Entry be made in the Journal of this House, of the Reasons which induced the House to give Leave for the bringing in the Bill now ordered.

Memorandum: A Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, loaded Horses, Pedlars, Tinkers, and 'petty Chapmen, and for filling up or inclosing Coal and other Pits, and Sinks, and removing of Obstructions and Nuisances, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, containing some of the Provisions meant to be enadbed in this Bill, had already passed the House, in this Session; but as the House were now informed, by a Member in his Place, the same had been rejected in the House of Lords, on account of its containing multifarious Matter, and therefore the House, after Debate, permitted this Bill, intituled, A Bill for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, and loaded Horses, and for removing Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be ordered in, some of the Matters contained in the former Bill being omitted.

Ordered, That no Person do presume to solicit the Attendance of Members of this House, when the Matter of any Petition, complaining of an undue Election or Return, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Petition of Gregore Cojamaul, late of Bengal, in the East Indies, on Behalf of himself and others (which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of the Committee appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs In the East Indies; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the lift Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murdering of Bastard Children, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act; and for the more effectual Prevention of the Concealment of the Death of such Bastard Children: And that Mr. Lockhart, Sir Charles Bunbury, and Mr. Serjeant Glynn, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money which have become due and payable, on the Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, distinguishing the Times at which such Sums became payable; also, an Account of the Sums of Money received at the Exchequer upon Account of the said Sales, distinguishing the Times at which the feme were deceived; together with an Account of the established and incidental Expences of the Commission for the Sale of the said Lands, paid by the Receivers of the Monies arising from such Sales.

the Bill; and that the whole Number of t Toftsteads having Right of Common am and the whole Quantity of Land having h mon amounts to 1,515 Acres; and that r peared before the Committee to oppose that the Committee had gone through made several Amendments thereunto; wl directed him to report to the House; the Report in his Place; and afterwards Bill, with the Amendments, in at the C Where the Amendments were Once read and then a Second Time, One by One; a Question severally put thereupon, were the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amt ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the In Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye M< Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Du the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And t be. An Act for allowing the Importatioi Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of

Ordered, That Sir Charles do

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the free Iit Rice into this Kingdom, from any of L Colonies in America, for a limited Time, v Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tl be. An Act for allowing the free Importat into this Kingdom, from any of His Majest in America, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth c Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrc

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for Reading of the Bill for the better Regub Affairs of the East India Company, and of tl in India; and for the due Administration 0 Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read according

A Motion was made, and the Question That the said Bill be now read a Second Tir

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yesd^ Co,k‘°h

I Mr. Suit-van:

Mr. Thomas

Tellers for the Noes,

!i\i r. Thomas Tc Junior,

Mr. Jbhnflon:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly rea< Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rej'olved, That the Bill be committed to a of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this night, resolve itself into a Committee of the wl upon the said Bill.

Wigtoft Lord Brozvnlow. Bertie reported from the Committee, A Petition of Sir Richard Acton, Baronet, 1 Inclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Manor of Walton, Atterley, and Barrow, in t Fen, Open Fields, and certain other Commonable Places, of Salop, was presented to the House, and re: belonging to, and 'in the Parish of, Wigtoft, in the Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclos County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Com- Open and Uninclosed Parcels of Arabic ai mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Grounds, Common and Waste Lands, in 1 found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- of Much Weulock, otherwise IEchi ock,

cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Great Wenlock, in the county of ; a Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of forth. That the Boundary of the said Ma Eight Houses and Fifty-four Acres of Land, who could ascertained or described in the said Bill by anj not be found; and also except the Owners of Two particular Limits, nor hath the Petitioner Houses and Eight Acres of Land, who refused to sign quainted with the Line of Boundary inten

X 2 Ge6. III. 4*° Mcui* 7-^7

claimed under such general Description; and that the Petitioner hath great Doubts respecting the Extent of the said Manor, and the particular Pieces or Parcels of Open and Uninclosed Grounds lying within the same; and that the Petitioner is Proprietor of the said Manor of Walton, Atterley, and B, whereof the Townships of

Walton and Atterley are situate, within the Parish of Much Wenlock, and Part of the Boundary of the said Manor of Much Wenlock; by Means whereof, and of the present Provisions in the said Bill, great Inconveniences and Injury may arise to the Petitioner, and his Property be much affected: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, until the Boundaries between the Manors aforesaid are ascertained and settled; and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as the -House shall think just and reasonable.

Ditto. A Petition of several of the Freeholders, and also of several Leasehold Tenants of Estates, in the Parish of Much Wenlock, in the County of , on Behalf of themselves and others, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and ' Setting forth. That some of the Petitioners are Proprietors of Freehold, and others of Leasehold, Estates, situate within the said Parish, but out of the Manor of Much Wenlock, and, in respect thereof, have Right to departure their Commonable Cattle on a Waste or Common, called Wejhvood Common, which is proposed by the said Bill to be divided and inclosed; and that the Petitioners apprehend that their Property will be materially affected and injured by the said Bill: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the last mentioned Petitioners are then to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Foreign The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Protestantj Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Nat. George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain a

Ciaule in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of , or of Great Britain, might he read.

And the tame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and extend, the Provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Burke, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Savoy A Bill for settling and determining what Parts of the Precincts. Precinct of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, and what Parts thereof under the Survey of the Duchy of Lancaster; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Horned Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Cattle continuing an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the

Diflemper. j>e,gn Gf His present Majesty, to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle, in Great Britain :And that Mr. Cooper and Sir \ OL. 33

Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Tythes

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon *)

the Bill for enforcing several Acts of Parliament, for the Recovery and Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers; and for enlarging the Powers thereby given;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order Of the Day being read, for the House to Corn ‘ resolve itself into"a Committee of the whole House, to Importation confides further of the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to regulate the Exportation of Malt.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Cotn^ mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therdunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day bang read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedttefday Morn- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Me*ni* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Mortage from the Lords, by Mr. Hclford and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Fenwick veil in Trustees, to be sold, certain Estates, in the Estate. Counties of York, Westmoreland, and Lar.caster, which belonged to Ann Fenwick, Widow, before her Intermarriage; and for the Relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord Folkstone have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And

4* — 5° Mali A. i

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis> 50 die;

Anno ta° Georgii III. U Regis, 1772.

<pRAYERS>

Danrers’ A ^R* Howard reported from the Committee, to whom BfUte. 1V1 the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering and enabling the Trustees, named in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Darnel Danvers, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, to make Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, vested in them upon divers Trulls, mentioned in the said Settlement; and to lay out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in such Manner as the said Leasehold Estate Hands settled, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lothbury Sir 7°^n Moiefwortkreported from the Committee, to

(London) whom the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Messuage. Act for vesting a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in Lothbury, within the City of London, in Trullees, to be sold; and for purchasing another Messuage or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ealtleach An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Tcurvilie an£j Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, Anc 0 ure. the Manor and l^arish of Eastleach in

the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Eastleach Tourville, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir Wil Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pearce’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling Part of the Estates late of Elizabeth Pearce, Widow, deceased, and William Hall, Esquire, otherwise Pearce, her eldeli Son, in Trullees, to be sold, for

4

Payment of the Portions of her younger Child other Incumbrances; and for settling other Pa Estates to the same Uses; and for other Purpcj read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Ti

An ingrossed Bill for repealing certain Pro* Two Acts of Parliament, so far as the same repairing the Highways in the Parish of Sai Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; and f< Money for repairing the said Highways, was Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that 1 be. An Act for repealing certain Provisions in 1 of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repa Highways in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelo wile Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; railing Money for repairing the said Highways.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do < Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 2 of April lall, for the House to resolve itself intc mittee of the whole House, upon Thursday Morn upon the Bill for the better Regulation of 1 and Party Walls, within the Cities of London a minster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Precincts, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of IN the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon and Padding Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the t Middlesex; and for the better preventing of by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, Parii cinfts, and Places; and for amending and red: Laws relating thereto into One Act; and Purposes; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted t Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. M Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.And they are to Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Chamber; and have Power to fend for Person: and Records; and all who come to the Conn to have Voices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this I Account of the Expence of building Ships in t Yards, and those built for the Royal Navy in chants Yards, together with the Account of such Ships in such Yards respectively; dicti: each Rate.

A Bill to repeal several Acts of Parliament, the same inflict Capital Punishments for certain was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a C of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this I night, the 19th Day of this Instant May, ret into a Committee of the whole House, upo Bill.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Fr and other Inhabitants, residing in or near the feve and Parishes of Bedford, Cople, >

Barford, and Blunham, in the County of Bedfoi

ferred; That the Committee had examined tl of the said Petition; and had directed him the lame, as it appeared to them, to the He he read the Report in his Place; and afterward; it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petiti

729

12 Geo. III. 50 Maii.

Jennings laid, That the amending the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of in the present Turnpike Road leading from Hite fun to Bedford, through feme Parts of the Parishes of Willington, and Blunham, to the South End of Great Barford Bridge, and making a Road from the North End of Great Barford Brid, on the South Side of Great Barford Church, to Great Barford and so on through

the Pari fa of Roxton, to the Great Northern Road near

Terns ford Bridge, all in the County of Bedford, would nearly complete the Communication by a Turnpike lload between Oxford and Cambridge, and be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge; and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road near Yen ford Bridge, in the County of Bedford: And that Mr. Whit bread and the Earl of Upper OJJ'ory do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Exchequer Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account. Account of the Surplus remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of April 1772, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities, or other Charges, then due and payable out of the fame.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Monies' remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-eries ing, refotve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a further Encouragement to be given to the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man, to engage in, and carry on, the Fifaeries on the Coeds of the said IQand.

Coinage. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the I^ords Commissioners Of His Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, over and above the Sum Yearly allowed for that Service: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

J^kney The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Coaches, Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors , and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Oak Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Timber, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually securing sufficient Quantities of Oak Timber, for the Use of the Royal Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 33.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Stephensreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow,

Morning.

An ingossed Bill for building a Temporary Bridge Tyne across the River Tyne, from the Town of Newcastle upon Temporary Tyne to Gateshead, in the County of Durham, was read BnJge‘

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Old Street for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made MRo*df in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the ' ia Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bril, intituled, An Act OuZe for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bridge East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Dozen- Road. ham Market, to the Queen s Head, and from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, to the East End of

the Two Mile Close, in the Parish of Barton, and towards Watton, to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk -, and for flopping up the Road leading from Stradfet, through Barton Ldyes, towards Wat ton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Would for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, N«wtot» Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, nc 0 ure" within the Township of Would Newton, in the East Riding of the County of York> without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stoke Prior Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and inclosure. Waste Grounds, within the Parifa and Manor of Stoke Prior, in the County of Worcester j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Duke of for vesting in the Most noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton’s Grafton, and his Heirs, the Manor, or reputed Manor Estate. and Rectory and Parsonage Appropriate of Potterfpary, otherwise Eastfpury, in the County of Northampton (except the Prelentation to the Advowson of the Church there) and certain Messuages, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments, situate and arising in the same County, the Estate of Robert Brydges, Esquire, a Lunatic; and for vesting in Thomas Hancox, Esquire, and his Heirs, a certain Wood and Wood Land, called Darwell, otherwise Dowell Wood, in the County of Gloucester, also the Estate of the said Lunatic, on Payment, by the said Duke and Thomas Hancox, of their respective Purchase Money, in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as in the said Act is mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Crefpigoy’s vesting certain Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments, fiftates. in Weeting, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estate of Philip Champion Crefpigny, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold j and for laying out the Money to arise by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Prc-

8 Zmifes

730

5° — 6°

mises in JVeeting now stand limited; to 'which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bark Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, c*' to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners in and near the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Tanners in Great Britain; and alto, the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or Mystery of the Curriers, of the City of London, were referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Biffenters. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hogkton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° Maii;

Anno 12° Georgii III. H Regis, 1772. Prayers.

Milborne rI "'HE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera-Port JL tion the Petition of George Prescott, Esquire, lUftion. complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Macc to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 112 Members being found to be present.

The Petitioner, his Counsel, and Agents, Counsel and Agents, for the Sitting Member tended at the Door, were called in to the Clerk of the Select Committees of Elections also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Ore Day, for taking the said Petition into Confidt

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speal was placed upon the Table, and the Seals speded by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation anne: Outside of the said Box, signed by Mr. Spe; porting, " That the said Box was, on the ] " of May 1772, made up in his Presence, in

ner directed by an Act, made in the Tent " the Reign of His present Majesty, intitul " Ad to regulate the Trials of controverted " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliam read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Boj the Attestation inclosed therein, ancj signed by purporting, " That the Names of all the Merr " by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, pu " laid Box, on the Fifth Day of May 1772," a

And the said Names, written on distinct Paper, being all as near as might be of Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, the Clerk taken out of the said Box, and pu Numbers, into Six Glafies, placed on the that Purpose, and were there (haken togetl then the Clerk publicly drew out of the Glafies, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper livered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the the House.

And the Names of 16 Members then prefi drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourabl Townshend, being drawn, the Counsel for the 1 declared, That the said Mr. Townshend was to be nominated by the said Petitioner; an< Mr. Townshend having, in his Place, consente Nomination, and no Objection being made tc ing oh the said Select Cornmittee as {'uch Non Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eight other Members I sent, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the honourable Thomas 7 being drawn, he required to be excused fron on the said Select Committee, on Account of 60 Years of Age or upwards; and having at t verified the Cause of such Requisition upon was excused accordingly.

And the Name of One other Member, thei was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of Arnold Esquir

drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excul serving on the said Select Committee, That he aifiided with a severe Illness, from which be very lately recovered, and that he could not attend the said Committee, without great and Detriment to the present uncertain State of hi — And the Substance of what was so alledgec being taken down by the Clerk in Manner be! tioned; and the said Member having, at tl verified the same upon Oath; the Opinior House was taken thereon — Mr. Speaker pul Question to the House, That the said Member (i of what he has now so alledged and verified) b< from serving on the said Select Committee — Wh agreed to by the House, he was excused accor<

And the Names of Eleven other Members, sent, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Bichard Coombe, Esquire, ting Member for the said Borough of Milbo

ii Geo. III. 6° Man. 73*

whose Election and Return for the said Borough was Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and extend, the Provi-complained of by the said Petition nc v taken into fions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign j^at_

Consideration, being drawn, his Name ^as let alide, with of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled* the Names of those who were abl-nt fr in the House. An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the 7th And the Names of 13 other Members, then present. Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for were drawn* who were not objected to; naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the

And the whole Number of 49 Members, so drawn and Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel England or of Great Britain: And the same was received} for the Sitting Member was called upon by Mr. Speaker and read the First Time.

to nominate One from amongst the Members then pre- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, lent, whole Names had not been drawn, to be added to

those chosen by Lot, to serve on the said Select Com- A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. mittee. Cuddon:

Whereupon the said Counsel acquainted the House, Mr. Speaker,

That the Sitting Member had instructed him, not to The Lords have Agreed so the Bill, intituled, An Act nominate any Member for that Purpose, but to request to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify Employment* of the House, that the Want of such Nomina: ion might themselves for Offices and Employments} and to in-be supplied by drawing out of the said Glasses the demnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have Name of a Member then present, in like Manner as omitted to register of deliver in their Qualifications, the Names of the other 49 Members had been already within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further drawn. Time for those Purposes} and to indemnify Members

Which being done accordingly; and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

The Name of the honourable John Grey was drawn. Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be Who was not objected to stamped, according to Law, or, having been stamped.

And Two Lists of the Names of the 49 Members, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them lo drawn as aforesaid, and not exculed or set aside, Time to provide Admissions duly stamped} and to having been prepared by the Clerk} the Name of the give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to honourable John Grey was added to each of the said make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures Lifts. of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any

And the Door of the House being opened; Amendment: And also.

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Joflicej

for the Petitioner, and the other of them to the Counsel for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Juf-

for the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Petitioner, tices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties ' e er' with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together in Wales , without any Amendment: And also,

with the Clerk appointed to attend the Select Com- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Richmond

mittees of Elections, immediately withdrew. for enabling Their Majesties to enfranchise Copyhold (Surrey)'

And being after fbme Time again returned to the Lands, holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County Enfranchise*

Bar, the said Clerk attending the said Committee of of Surrey; and for enabling His Majesty to shut up a ment'

Elections, informed the House that the Counsel for the Lane leading from Richmond Green, to the River Thames,

Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and to fell and exchange certain Lands within the Manors

had (in his Presence) beginning on the Part of the of Richmond and ;without any Amendment:

Petitioner, alternately (truck off One of the said 50 And also,

Names, contained in the said Lifts, until the Number The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spurn was reduced to 14; and he delivered in to the House the to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year Lignthcuft. Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, AnACt of the 14 iMembers then remaining unstruck; which last for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses mentioned Lift was read by Mr. Speaker, and is as now Handing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the follows: . Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient

Thomas Lockhart, Esquire, Charles Garth, Esquire, Lighthouses instead thereof; without any Amendment:

William Ewer, Esquire, Archibald Edmotistone, Esquire, And also,

the honourable John Torke, Richard Wilbraham Bootle, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gamlej^ Esquire, Henry Fane, Esquire, Thomas Skipwith, Esquire, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- nc 0 " Godfrey Bagnal Clarke, Esquire, Edward Bacon, Esquire, mon Fields, in the Parish of Gumley, in the County of Sir John Hynde Cotton, Baronet, the honourable Corjlantine Leicesterwithout any Amendment: And also,

John Phipps, Sir Thomas Frankland, Baronet, the honour- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for cdebrooke’j able Jt>kn Grey. vesting in Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet, and his Heirs, Estates.

And the Name of the Right honourable Thomas so much of the Manor or Lord ship of Stebunheath,

Totvnjhend, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the otherwise otherwise Stepney, in the County of

said Lift, the Names of the said 15 Members were called Middlesex, Part of the Estate of the said Sir George over, and being come to the Table, they were acquainted Colebrooke, as is limited and settled in and by an Act of by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee to Parliament, which passed in the Second Year of the try the Merits of the Petition of George Prescott, Esquire, Reign of His present Majesty King the Third;

complaining of an undue Election and Return for and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of So- lieu thereof; and also for veiling other settled Estates merfet: And they were then sworn by the Clerk, as of the said Sir George Colebrooke, in the Counties of follows; Middlesex and Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes

' You, and each of you, shall well and truly try the therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Con-

Matter of the Petition of George Prescott, Esquire, currence of this House: And also,

referred to you, and a true Judgment give. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Earl_of according to the Evidence. to impower certain Persons to enfranchiso several cul- $

So help you God. tomary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the foveral

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet Manors of Brampton, Farlam, Upper Denton, Nether forthwith in the Committee Chamber, appointed for Denton, Talkin, Laverfdale, Newby,

hearing the Trials of controverted Elections. Warton Wood, Troddermaiu, Hayton cum Whitton, Carla t ton, Cajile, Carrock, Cumrew, and

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Newbiggin, within the Barony or reputed Barony of Voi. 3J. _ Giljland,

73

6° Mail

A.

Giljland, in the County of late the Estate of

Henry Earl of Carlisle, deceased, and settled to certain Ul'es by the Will of the said Henry Earl of Carlisle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Walker’s The l^ords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estates. making a Partition of divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Surrey, and Middlesex, and in the City of London; and of Four-fifth Parts or Shares of a Plantation in the llland of Barbadoes, in the Wesi Indies, and of Two Shares in the New River Waterworks; and of an Annual llent of One thousand Pounds issuing out of the Revenues of the Poll Office, devised by the Will of 'Thomas Walker, Esquire, deceased; and also of a Manor, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex, and Gloucester, comprized in the Settlements executed upon the Marriage of Stephen Skynner, Esquire, deceased; and also, of divers Messuages, Hands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex, and Surrey, devised by the Will of the said Stephen Skynner, between the several Persons entitled to the said Estates, according to their respective Interests therein; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Badgers, Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, Forestaller?, according to Order, a Bill for remedying the Evils c‘ occasioned by the Laws now in being, relating to Badgers, Engrofiers, Forestallers, and Regrators: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

piffenters. Sir Henry Hoghton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects difienting from the Chujrch of England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

Laneham

Jrwlofure.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the *rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Laneham, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Eight Acres and an Half of Incloied Ground, who could not be found; and allb, except the Owners of Nine Messuages or Cottages, 83 Acres of Inclosed Ground, 129 Acres of Open Arable Land, and Meadow, and 52 Beast Gates, who refused to <lign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Messuages or Cottages are 69, and the whole of the Lands that will be affected by the Bill consists of 563 Acres of Inclosed Ground, 927 Acres of Open Arable Land and Meadow, and 373 Beast Gates; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered, the Bill, with the.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: 1 Amendments were Once read throughout; a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tion severally put thereupon, were agreed House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amend ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committe< the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, enable the Right honourable John Earl of and the honourable John Montagu, commt Lord Viscount Hinchingbrookr, and the Surviv

to grant Leases of the Countess of Sandwich' Estates, in the Counties of Ardmagh and . the Kingdom of Ireland, was committed; Committee had examined, and found that t! Orders of the House, concerning Notices to Ireland, before any private Bill relating to £ be brought in, had been complied with; ai Committee had examined the Allegations and found the same to be true; and that concerned had given their Consent to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the had directed him to report the Bill to the I out any Amendment: And he delivered th the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Tim

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Lockhart presented to the House, a« Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in t first Year of the Reign of King James th tituled. An Act to prevent the destroying an< of Bastard Children; and for more qffeftua ing the Concealment of the Deaths of dren: And the same was received; and re Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, report Committee of the whole House, to whom the more effectually securing sufficient Quant Timber, for the Use of the Royal Navy, was the Amendments which the Committee h the Bill; and which they had directed him the House; and he read the Report in his afterwards delivered the Bill, with the A in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amen Once read throughout; and then a Seconc by One; and, upon the Question several! upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amei ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Ame agreed to by the House, be printed.

Ordered, Tint the Order of the Day, so to resolve itself into a Committee of the v to consider of a further Encouragement to the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man, to enj carry on, the Fisheries on the Coast of th< be now read.

And the said Order being read according

The House resolved itself into the said C

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the That they had come to several Resolutions had directed him to report,_when the Houi to receive the same.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Glasgow,

&c.

Roads.

Bark

(Tanners:

Ac.)

Bxc^ cq liiii* i

12 Geo. III. 6° Mail:7l\

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day. for the House - to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, os relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Burrell, according to Order, reported from the 1 Committee of the whole House, to whom il was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition, of the Tanners in and near the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Tanners in Great Britain; and also, the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or Mystery of the Curriers of the City of London, were referred; the Resolutionswhich the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as olloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Oak Bark, for a Time to be limited, with a Duty of One Halfpenny per Hundred Weight, when the Price of Bark shall exceed a certain ate, would tend to the Encouragement of tanning and manufacturing of Leather in Great Britain.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Dempster, and Mr. Burke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

uer Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord-nll. Jng to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1772; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners Coinage, of His Majesty’s Treasury, to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, over and above the Sum Yearly allowed for that Service;

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Hackney cording to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, Coaches, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for altering the Stamp " Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing " the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt " Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for u explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament,

" relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs;" so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tirrfe.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Homed cording to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act made ifl r.P*tt,e the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to 1 emPeri prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Eft4te‘

An Act for enabling Henry Blundell, Esquire, Tenant for Life under Settlement, to carry into Execution Articles of Agreement, between him and the Right honourable the Earl of Sefton, for the Exchange of divers Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, comprized in such Settlement, for other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, of the said Earl; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Surplus remaining in the Exche- Exchequer quer, on the 5th of April 1772., of the Deductions of Account* Six Pence in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments, from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities, or other Charges, then due and payable for the feme: And also,

An Account of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Dittoj Exchequer, disposable by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were readr The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 33*

A

To

734

6° Mail

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th of April 1772, of the i of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies pud upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities, or other Charges, then due and payable out of the

THE SURPLUS remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th of April 1772, of the Deductions of in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, and other Payments, from the Ci satisfying the Annuities, or other Charges, then duq and payable out of the lame, amounts to t Twenty-one thousand Seven hundred and Ten Pounds.

Exchequer, the 6 th Day of May 17 72.

fohn Hug.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliamen

Imprest Money, repaid by Thomas Tyrwhiti, Esquire, late Clerk of the House of Commons 2

Ditto, by Charles Garth, Esquire, late Agent for the Province of Georgia - - - 38

Ditto, by the Executors of Lord Melcombe, late Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy - - 6,531

Duties upon Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act 6° George 3*" - 3,48.

Duty on Exportation of Rice, imported Duty-free, granted by the Acts 7° et 8° George 3'" -Duty on Apples imported ——

Exchequer, the 6th Day of May 1772.

£io»42'

John Hug

CrelJ>igny’»

Estate.

Gunpowder.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments, in Weeting, in the County of , Part of

the settled Estate of Philip Champion Esquire,

in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying put the Money to arise by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Premises in Weeting now Hand limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage, of Gunpowder, within Great Britain; and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes, be now read.

Andt he laid Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the ( That they had considered the Petition of E. Owner of divers Gunpowder Mills upoi Heath, and also the Petition of Frederick Miles Peter Andrews, Esquires, Gunpowd near Feversham, in the County of Kent; and the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had go the Bill, and made several Amendments which they had directed him to report, wher will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received uj Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitule for vesting in Sir George Colebrooke, Baron Heirs, so much of the Manor or Lordlhif heath, otherwise Stebunhilh, otherwise Step County of Middlesex, Part of the Estate ot

George Colebrooke, as is limited and settled an Act of Parliament, which passed in the S

12 Geo. Ill* &° — ^j6 Mail, 735

of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Ordered, That Sir William ibolbcn do carry the Bill Third; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, in lieu thereof; and also, for vesting other settled -

Estates of the said Sir George Colebrooke, in the Counties An ingrossed Bill from tVie Lords, intituled, Ah Duke of of Middlesex and Surrey, in the Trustees, for the Pur- Act for vesting in the IVIoft noble Augustus Henry Grafton*

poses therein mentioned, was read the First Time. Duke of Grafton, and his Heirs, the Manor, or re- Mate.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. puted Manor and Rectory and Parsonage Appropriate

of Potterfpury, otherwise in the County of

Walker* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Northampton (except the Presentation to the Advowsoa Ac. for making a Partition of divers Manors, Messuages, of the Church there) and Certain Messuages, Lands,

EOatr. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Tythes, and Hereditaments, situate and ariting in the

Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Surrey, and Middlesex, and in the same County, the Estate of Robert Brydges, Esquire, a

City of London-, and of Four-fifth Parts or Shares of Lunatic; and for vesting in Thomas Hancox, Esquire,

a Plantation in the Island of Barbadoes, in the West and his Heirs, a certain Wood and Wood Land, called Indies-, and of Two Shares in the New River Water- Darwell, otherwise Dowell Wood, in the County of

works; and of an Annual Rent of One thousand Pounds Gloucester, also the Estate of the said Lunatic, on Pay-

issuing out of the Revenues of the Port Office, deviled ment, by the said Duke and Thomas Hancox, of their

by the Will of Thomas Walker, Esquire, deceased; and respective Lurch ale Money, in such Manner, and for

also, of a Manor and divers Messuages, Lands, and such Purposes, as in the said Act is mentioned; was

Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex, read the First Time.

and Gloucester, comprized in the Settlement executed , That the Bill be read a Second Time,

upon the Marriage of Stephen Skynner, Esquire, deceased; and also, of divers Messuages, Lands, and He- Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to Game* reditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex, whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in and Surrey, deviled by the Will of the said Stephen the Tent H Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Skynner, between the several Persons intitled to the said Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Estates, according to their respective Interests therein; Part of Great Britain called England, was re-committed; was read the First Time. Thu the Committee had made several other Amend-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. meats to the Bill; which they had directed him to

report to the House; and he read the Report in his The other Order of the Day being read; Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

tayHonfe The House resolved itfelt into a Committee of the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

(London) whole House, upon the Bill for vesting Ely House, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

reboildirg. jn H0Jbor)ti in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

and for applying the Purchase Money, with another severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Sum therein mentioned, in the purchasing of a Free- > That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

hold Piece of Ground, in Dover Street, and in the ingrossed.

budding and fitting up another House thereon, for the Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time future Residence of the Bishops of Ely, and the Sur- upon Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

plus to the Benefit of the See; and for other Purposes then ingrossed. therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Carlisle.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- thereunder written. Owners and Occupiers of Lands and &c. rajttce. Tenements, in the County of Cumberland, was pre- Roads*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the

Sir Charles Whit worth reported from the Committee, for repairing and widening the Road from Raffles,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made near the City of and from thence to

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed End of Lane, and also the Road from

to Abbey Holme, and from Wtgton to Chalk beck, in the County of Cumberland-, and Setting forth. That several Acts have parted for repairing and widening the Roads within the said County, and scarce any of them are completed, and the Petitioners are therefore desirous that they may have no more Turnpikes till the others are finished, as they are apprehensive they shall be left in the same Situation, in relation to the Roads proposed to be repaired by the said Bill, as they are in with respect to the said other Roads in the said County; and that, if the said Bill is passed into a Law, the same will be very detrimental to them, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Corn-Marine A N ingrossed Bill for incorporating the Members mittee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that Society. Jr\. of a Society, commonly called The Marine Society, the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, again# and their Successors, to be elected as therein is men- the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. tioned; and for the better impowering and enabling Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at them to carry on their charitable and useful Deligns; the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the was read the Third Time. fold Petition.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of commonly called The Marine Society, and their Succef- to impower certain Persons to enfranchise several c"jiae’» fors, to be elected as therein is mentioned; and for customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the the better impowering and enabling them to carry on several Manors of , Forlam, Upper Denton,

their charitable and useful Deligns. Nether

Vo L.53.

him to report, when the House will pleal’e to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, 1’en of the Clock.

Jovis, 70 Maii;

Anno li* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772. Prayers.

1

’Badger*, Forcflallers* ice.

Hackney

Coaches.

3 per Cent. Annuities.

Excise: Preventing Frauds.

Manx

Fisheries.

736: 7* Mail Md.

Nether Denton, Tallin, lit ling ton, Newby,

' Asherton, Warton Wood, Troddermain, Hay ton cum Whit-ton, Carlatton, Castle, Carrock,

and New biggin, within the Barony or reputed Barony of Gilfhvid, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of Henry Eari of Carlisle, deceased, and settled to certain

Ufesby the Will of the said Henry Earl of; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for remedying the Evils occasioned by the Laws now in being, relating to Badgers, Engroffers, Forestallers, and Regrators, was read a Second Time, Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for indemnifying Persons against any Prosecutions commenced, or to be commenced, for Offences which have been, or may be, committed against the said Acts, and on which final Judgment has not been obtained.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurancej and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stampt Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Aifts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the better regulating of Stage Coaches.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount of the Capital Stock of 3'f.per Centum Annuities, subscribed in pursuance ofa Resolution of this House, of the Second Day of this Instant May, distinguishing how much has been subscribed

under the Head of each particular Stock mentioned in the said Resolution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits: And that Mr. Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a further Encouragement' to be given to the Inhabitants of the ljle of Man, to engage in, and carry on, the Fisheries on the Coasts of the said Island.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are asfolloweth; vie:.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

9

That a further Encouragement be given to bitants of the Ifleof Man, to engage in, anti c Fisheries on the Coasts of the said liluncj, 1 the Importation of Fish, caught and cured Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this < That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Barrel (each Barrel containing Thirty-two < laid upon all White Herrings caught upon tl the Isle of Man, and cured there, imported Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this ( That a Duty of Two Shillings and Four Barrel (each Barrel containing Thirty-two C laid upon all Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tulk, or White Fish, caught upon the Coasts of the and cured there (if wet) imported into

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this C That a Duty of One Shilling and- Two Hundred Weight Avoirdupois, be laid upon caught upon the Coast of the said Island, and c (if dry) imported into Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of lifts C That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Thousand, be laid upon all Red Herrings cat the Coasts of the said Island, and cured there into Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being severally read Time, were, upon the Question severally put t agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upo Resolutions: And that Mr. Cooper, Mr. Attc neral, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Charles h do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Y was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a C of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the who upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the Lords Commissionei Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of tl arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sur mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting < against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the 1 thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, over ai the Sum Yearly allowed for that Service, wa Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cc of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monde. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tl: House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing an Act, made in th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' to the further spreading of the contagious Diforde the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, was read a Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Co: of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tli House, upon the said Bill.

Lord John Cavendish reported from the Con to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Commons and Waste Grounds, within the M Appleby, in the County of was com

12 Geo. III. f Mail737

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Savoy

the Dill, and found the same to be true $ and that to refofve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Precinfb.

the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the upon the Bill for settling and determining what Parts of

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the the Precinct of The Savoy, in the County of

Owners of Lands within the Township of Saint Michael, shall be under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer,

in Appleby, otherwise Bondgate, intitled to Right of and what Parts thereof under the Survey of the Duchy

Common upon the Common or Waste Lands, called of Lancaster, be now read.

Bongate Moor, who are assessed to the Land Tax for And the said Order being read accordingly;

such Lands at 7 s. 5 d. I, or thereabouts; and that the The House resolved itself into the said Commit-

whole Lands within the said Township, for which the tee.

Owners are intitled to Right of Common upon the said Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Moor, are assessed to the Land Tax at £.16. 7 s. 5 J. f, Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee. or thereabouts; and except the Owners of Lands, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, within the Township of Scattergate and Burrells, intitled Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they to Right of Common upon the Common or Waste had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to re-Lands, called Burrells Moor, otherwise Burrells Whinns, port the same to the House, without any Amendment: who are assessed to the Land Tax for such Lands at And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

£ 1. 9 s. o d. I,or thereabouts; and that the whole That the Bill be ingrossed.

Lands within the Township of Scattergate and Burrells,

for which the Owners are intitled to Right of Common Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Halhed's upon the said Common or Waste Lands, called Bur- the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act veils Moor, otherwise Burrells Whinns, are assessed to the for yelling the settled Estate of William

Land Tax at £. 6. i8r. 9 d. i, or thereabouts, including Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, in certain Lands within the said Township, belonging to Trust, to -sell and convey the same to James,

the Earl of Thanet If and, which are estimated to be Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement for assessed to the Land Tax at 10 s.; and also except the that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by Dean and Chapter of Carlisle, who are Impropriators of such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredita-the Tithes of Com and Grain arising within the Town- ments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses,

ship of Bondgate; and that no Person appeared before the was committed; That the Committee had examined the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, to the House, without any Amendment: And he dein at the Clerk’s Table. livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that several other And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Amendments were necessary to lie made to the said Bill; The Amendment following was proposed to be Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. to the Bill:

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the P. 24. 1. 16. At the End of the Line add " Hun-Committee, to whom the same was committed. " dred."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question Carters, Sir Alexander Gitmour presented to the House, ac- put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Scodand cor^Dg to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do Carters, Carriages, and loaded Horses, and for removing pass.

Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and High- Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the ways, within that Part of Great Britain called Scot- Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed land: And the same was received; and read the First to the fame, with One Amendment; to which Amend-Ttme. ment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Lordflrips.

Satt-rrton Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Ordered^ That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from Ely House laclefure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

Fen, Common Mar(h, and other Commonable Places, for veiling Ely House, in Hoi born, in His Majesty, His re 01 *"** within the Parish of Sutter ton, in the County of Lincoln, Heirs and Successors; and for applying the Purchase was committed; That the Committee had examined the Money', with another Sum therein mentioned, in the Allegations of the- Bill, and found the feme to be true; 'purchasing a Freehold Piece of Ground, in Dover and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent Street, and in the building and fitting up another House to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except thereon, for the future Ucfidence of the Bishops of the Owners of Nine Houses and 34 Acres of Land, who and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See; and for other could not be found; and that the whole Number of Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

Houses and Toftsteads having Right of Common Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Corn-amounts to 91, and the whole Number of Acres having mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made such Right of Common amounts to 1,644; and to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported that no Person appeared before the Committee to to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-unto; which they had directed him to report to the ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severalfy wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ingrossed.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One

of them was difegreed to, and the rest were agreed to by Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee African the House. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating Company.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Election of Committee Men, for managing the ingrossed. Affairs of the African Company, is committed, That

Vol. 35. 9 B they

738 f — VMait. A.

they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest, as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the Forts

and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape R,together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects, of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, or their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving, the Trade to Africa, so far as relates to the {wearing the Persons therein mentioned to their Accounts.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon TueJ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of House, upon the said Bill.

And theti the House adjourned till r Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° did Maii j

Anno i i# Georgii III*11 Regis, 177

Clandestine The other Order of the Day being read, for the Marriage;. Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { } S°-

Tellers for the Noes, . j 3'-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

PraVbr*.

THE House being informed that Mr. S the Governor and Company of th< England, attended at the Door; he was caller at the Bar, presented to the House, puffuan Order,

An Account, {hewing the AmoUnt of tl Stock of £. $.-Per Centum Annuities, subscrib fuance of a Resolution of the honourable Commons, of the Second Day of this Inst; distinguishing how much hath been subscribed Head of each particular Stock mentioned in Resolution.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read The said Account is as followeth;

An ACCOUNT, {hewing the Amount of the Capital Stock of 3.Annuities, subsc pursuance of a Resolution of the honourable House of Commons, of the Second Day of this Insta distinguishing how much has been subscribed under the Head of each particular Stock mentioned in Resolution.

£. $.-Per Cent, consolidated Annuities D° - - Reduced - - - D° -

D° - - Old South Sea - - D* -

D° - - New South Sea - D* -

D° - - South Sea Annuities 1751 -

£. 1,500,000

Bank of England,

8th May 1772.

732,97s

318,300 194,25° 176,325 78, T5©

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Ceded Islands An Account of the Sums of Money received at the Sale* of Exchequer, upon the Account of Sales of Lands in the Land*. Ceded Islands; distinguishing the Times at which the same were received.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon tobeperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved arriongfi Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Thonias Fenwick, Esquire, fented to the House, and read; Taking Not ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, / vest in Trustees, to be sold, certain ’ Eftati Counties of York, Westm, and Lanca,

12 Geo. III.

‘ i

belonged to Ann FenwWidow, before her Intermarriage } and for the Relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in such Manner ds in the said Act is mentioned; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner apprehends himself to be most rilatefially injured by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the fame; and that it may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie tipon the Table, until the liid Bill be redd a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel; upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Cobillel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

L»neham- - An ingrossed Bill for dividing and iridofing the Open Indoiurc. Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in tKfe Parish of Laneham^ in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and incldfidg the Open Fields, Meadows, Common PaftUres, arid Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Laneham, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do edrry the Bill to the L.ords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dolce of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bocdtrugh’s for veiling the legal Estate and Interest of and in certain Estates. Freehold Lands at Adder bury, in the County of

now veiled in Charles Esquire, an Infant

Troftee, in the Most noble Henry Duke of and his Heirs, and in certain Copyhold Lands in Kenneth Mackenzie, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trull for the said Duke and his Heirs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Holton's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act feftate. to impower William Hullon Esquire, to charge his settled Estates, in the County of , or fbme Parts there-

of, with One thousand Two hundred Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and also to grant Leases of certain Parts of his said Estates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Egerton, Sir Matthew White Ridley, ice.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Buffet's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £0 vest in the Trustees named in the Will of Francis Bajfet, Esquire, deceased, such Powers of leafing and granting Sets of, and on, the Estates comprized in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of John Pendarves Bajfet, Esquire, deceased, as by the said Settlement were given to the Trustees therein named, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Gascoy See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1_*ncheft«r Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to w^om the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain " m Moor, or Common, called Ham feels , within the

Parish and Manor of Lanchefer, in the County Palatine of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had VOL. 33.

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, whose Property in the said Moor is of the Annual Value of £. 13.; and also except Two other Persons, who said they had no Objection to the Inclosure, but refused signing the Bill, whose Property ife of the Annual Value of £. 75. 10; and that the Whole of the Property in the said Moor, intended to be ihcloled, is of the Annual Value of £.1,524. y. and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Kirkm, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common *tc*

Fen, and certain other Commonable Places and Open ^oc^"rt‘ Fields, within the Parish of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true J and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Eleven Houses, Four Toftsteads, and 61 Acres; who could not be found; and also except the Owners of Sixteen Houses, One Toftstead, and 185 Acres; who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Houses having Right of Common on the Common Fen, and other Lands to be inclosed, amounts to 168, the whole Number of Toftsteads having such Right amounts to 75, and the whole Number of Acres having such Right amounts to 3,022) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for trying of Rights by an Issue at Law.

And the Question being put. That the said Clausebe brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Maidenhead the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Bridge,

near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lemeyt’ for veiling the settled Estates and unsettled Estates of John Gardner Kepieys, Esquire, in Trustees, in Trull,

by

8° M

by Sale or Mortgage, to raise Money, to pay off Portions and Debts, and redeem Annuities charged upon and affecting the fame, and for resettling the Remainder thereof, and Lands to be purchased, as in the said Act is directed, to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now Hand settled and limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mary-le- Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and rendering more effec-Church' £ tua*> an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for making a Coemetery or Church-yard, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gqnc through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the Hause; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where . the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross'ed.

African Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Company, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Election of Committee Men, For managing the Affairs of the African Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mi;. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hotham took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

: Mr. Hotham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next." ‘

Diflenten. Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the Third-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion, was made, and the Question being put,

- ' ;" That the said. Bill be now read th^ Third Time;

''' " The House divided.

The Noes went forth.'

The House being informed that Ralph Evidence isncccssary to prove the Contents < Parties interested in the Bill for dividing; the Common and Waste Grounds, and Opi mon Fields, within the Townships or Ham and LittleStainton, New bigg in, and Great

the Barony of Greyjiock, in the County of is very ill, and cannot attend the Commiti the said Bill is committed;

Ordered, That the said Committee, or i them, have Power to adjourn from Place order to take the Evidence of the said Witr

Ordered, That all have Voices who com Committee.

Ordered, That the Cor. «mittee, to whom the better Relief and Employment of the ] that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, wl County of Middlesex\ and for paving, cleanfi watching, and regulating, the Squares, Str Alleys, Courts, Yards, and Open Passages within the same, and for removing Annoyance and for making the Communication betw house Square and Saint John's Street, throi house Lane, more convenient, is: committed, tq fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfo Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, discharging divers Manors, Rectories, Advoi fuages. Lands, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditai of the Estate of the Right honourable John I comprized in, and settled by, the last Will and and Codicil thereto, of the Mpft noble Sarah ] Dowager of Marlborough, deceased, and by c veyances executed in pursuance thereof, froi and Trulls declared by the said Will, Codici veyances; and for settling other Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ’ Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the ( of this House.

And- then the Messengers withdrew;

And the said Bill was read the First Time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second '

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitul for veiling the Manors, Lands, and Tenen Freehold and Leasehold, comprized in the Settlement of Charles B Esquire, in 1 be fold; and for laying out the Money aril Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Her to be settled to the same Uses, which are no' with regard to the said Freehold settled Eilat a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be, committed ti way. Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are t Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in th Chamber.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^r‘

75-

9-

Mr. J

; So it Was.resolved in the Affirmative’.

And the said Bill wag accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of

England.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghtondo carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in establishing lawful Quays or Wharfs at the P for the shipping ancL lading Goods and M and for other Purposes therein mentioned Mr. Cooper and Sir George Savile do:prepare in, the fame....

Ordered, That the Order, of the Day, for to resolve itself into a Committee of the wl to consider further of the Supply granted to F be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "

X

12 Geo. III. 8° A

w Letter from Captain Ar but/mot. Senior Officer of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at to Mr. Stephens,

" Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 29th of April " 1772; with Two Inclosures, relative to the Experi-" ments made there of Mr. Irving’s Method of rendering Sea Water fresh," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Copy of a Re- port of Experiments made on board His Majesty’s " Ship Terrible, at Spithead, relative to Mr. Irving’s " Method of rendering Sea Water fresh; inclosed in " Captain Arbuthnot's Letter to Mr. Stephens, dated the 29th of April 1772, N° 1," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Copy of a Report of Experiments made on board His Majesty’s *Ship Terrible, at Spithead, relative to Mr. Irving’s " Method ot rendering Sea Water fresh; inclosed in " Captain Arbuthnot’s Letter to Mr. Stephens, dated " the 29th of April 1772, N° 2," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Ext raft of a Letter from Admiral Sir Robert Baronet,

Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and Vesst Is in the East Indies, relative to Mr. Irving's Method " of rendering Sea Water fresh, to Mr. Stephens, Secretary to the Admiralty, dated at the 9th of

October 1771,’’ be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Amount of

Capital Stock of £.3 per Centum Annuities subscribed Jn pursuance of a Resolution of the honourable House Of Commons, of the Second Day of this Instant May, tliftinguishing how much has been subscribed under the F-Tead of each particular Stock mentioned in the said R_esolution, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1771 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th X3ay of April 1772, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Tozvnjhend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles ‘Tozvnjhend reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charles ‘Townshend also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House A/lcani. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Suiplus remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th of April 1772* of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments, from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities, or other Charges, then due and payable for the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 33.

watt. 741

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to foveral Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Corn: Consideration the Report from the Committee of the ImP®rUti<m» whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate the Impor- e‘ tation and Exportation of Corn, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in fol. 2. 1. 17. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in fol. 2. 1. 17. which was to fill the Blank with " Twenty-eight Shillings," being read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made thereto; viz.

To leave out the Word " Eight," and insert Nine" instead thereof; and after " Shillings," to insert " and " Six Pence."

And the Question being put. That the Word " Eight" stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T*U» }.

Tellers for the } 3°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments made by thfc Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in fol. 14. 1. 1. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in fol. 14. 1. 1. which was to fill the Blank with " Forty Shillings," being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word " Forty" the Word " Four."

And the Question being put. That the Word " Four" be there inferred;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

9 c Tellers

St. Of*a)d

(F rim welfare)

Iociofure.

St. Oswald

(Framwelgace)

inclosure.

8'

11

Mail

A. i'

Telle* for tic Teas,}uflZSi’’ }

Tellers for the Noes ) '*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That when the Prices of Grain shall not exceed the Exportation Prices, no Cocquet or Bond shall be required on Corn carried Coastwise, but a Transire or Let-pass only.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{} 14-

Tellers for the Noes, } *9-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Oats.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to encourage Mariners to make Discovery of the Exportation of Corn.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The Intack or Cow and Shaw

Wood, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of; and for

extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lufiee> I1* die Mail;

Anno iz* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1772.

Praters.

Rdered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The Intack or Cow Pasture and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, and Manor of Chester* in the County Palatine of Durham; and for 8

extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Intercommon Lands there, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Secom upon Thvrfday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common, called Moor, wit

Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County 1 of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that tl be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certaii or Common, called Hamjleeh Moor, within the and Manor of Lanchefer, in the County Pal; Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do carry

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the several Orders made upon last, for hearing Thomas Fenwick, Esquire, by hi: lei, upon the Second Reading of the ingrossed B the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil: in Trustees fold, certain Estates, in the Counties of York, H land, and Lancaster, which belonged to Ann I

Widow, before her Intermarriage; and for the of the said Ann Fenwick, in such Manner as in t Ad is mentioned; and also for hearing Counsel same Time in favour of the said Bill, be dischargee

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing tin mon Fen, and certain other Commonable Plat Open Fields, within the Parish of Kirton, in tli of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was re Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that tl be An Act for dividing and inclosing the Comm< and certain other Commonable Places and Open within the Parish of Kirton, in the Parts of Holi the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry' to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing thi mon Fen, Common Marsh, and other Comn Places, within the Parish of Sutterton, in the 1 of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that th be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Comirn Common Marsh, and other Commonable Places, the Parish of Sutterton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlozv Bertie do carry to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing th mon Fen, Open Fields, and certain other Comn Places, belonging to, and in the Parish of Wigtoft County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that th be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Corami Open Fields, and certain other Commonable belonging to, and in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, . for vesting in the Most noble Augufus Henry I Grafton, and his Heirs, the Manor, or reputed and Rectory and Parsonage Appropriate of Pot, otherwise Eastfpury, in the County of Northampi cept the Presentation to the Advowson of the there) and certain Messuages, Lands, Tythes, anc ditaments, situate and artfing in the same Cour Estate of Robert Brydges, Esquire, a Lunatic;

12 Geo. III.

11

Mali.

743

vesting in Thomas Hancox, Esquire, and his Heirs, a in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of

certain Wood and Wood Land, called Darwell, other- Henry. Earl of deceased, and settled, to certain

wife Dowell Wood, in the County of Gloucester, also the Uses by the Will of the said Henry Earl of Carltfle; and Estate of the said Lunatic, on Payment, by the said Duke and Thomas Hancox, of their respective Purchase Money, in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as in the said Act is mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hopkins, Colonel Fitzroy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

for other Purposes therein mentioned, w<as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fen, Mr. Charles Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Crefpigny*

Estate.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to ,*

whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery *

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Small Debts, within the Borough and Foreign of Kid* for veiling certain Freehold and Copyhold Heredita- derminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County ments, in IVeeting, in the County of Norfolk, Part of of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had the settled Estate of Philip Champion Crefpigny, Esquire, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to be true; and that the Committee had gone through to arise by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as they had directed him to report to the House; and he the said Premtfes in Weeting now Hand limited, was read read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliver- a Second Time. ed the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through-djlley. Sir Charles Davers, &c.: And they are to meet out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Chamber. the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Cmlebrooke’o An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ingrafted. *

£iisur

for Veiling in Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet, and his

EJ^rs, so much of the Manor or Lordship of Stebun-

Jieat/g^ otherwise Stebunhith, otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the Estate of the said Sir

George Colebrooke, as is limited and settled in and by an

A£fc of Parliament, which passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; and also for veiling other settled Estates of the examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same said Sir George Colebrooke, in the Counties of Middlesex to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their and Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein men- Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commit--tioned, was read a Second Time. tee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis and made several Amendments thereunto; which they Vincent, Mr. Burrell, &c.: And they are to meet this had directed him to report to the House; and be read Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ~

Chamber.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the' Bill for dividing and inclgfing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Charlton, in the Parishes of Newbottle and King's Sutton, or One of them, in the County of Northampton, was. committed; That the Committee had

Charlton,

tee.

Indoiore.

VaTter's

Ac.

BtUw.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feverklly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River Welland, from Spalding High Bridge, through Covobit, Peakhill, Crow land , and Pea-kirk-, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road, thereon, and from thence to the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln and was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Preservation of the Great Bank

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a Partition of divers Manors, IVIefluages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Surrey, and Middlesex, and in the City of London -, and of Four-fifth Parts, or Shares, of a Plantation in the Island of Barbadoes, in the West Indies ;and of Two Shares in the New River Waterworks; and of an Annual Rent of One thousand Pounds issuing out of the Revenues of the Poll Office, devised by the Will of Thomas Walker, Esquire, deceased; and also of a Manor and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex, and Gloucester ,comprized in the Settlements excuted upon the Marriage of Stephen Skynner, Esquire, deceased; and also of divers Mefliiagjes, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex, and Surrey, de- of the River Welland, from Spalding High ,through

Welland

Bank#

5cc.

vised by the Will of the said Stephen , between the several Persons entitled to the said Estates, according to their respective Interests therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Montagu, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cowbit, Peakhill, Crawl and, and Peakirk; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of Un-col* and Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Earl of Carlisle’* Estate.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-full Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act An Act to prevent the dellroying and murdering of

Ballard

Children.

to impower certain Persons to enfranchise several Customary Lands and Hereditaments, Pared of the several Manors of Brampton, Far lam. Upper Nether

Denton, Taliin, Irthington, La, A/ker-

ton. Warm Wood, Troddermain, Hay ton cum Whit ton, Carlatton, Castle, Carrock, Cumrew, Blackenthwaite, and

Newbiggin, within the Barony or reputc<i Barony of Vox.. S3-

Ballard Children; and for more effectually preventing the Concealment of the Deaths of such Children; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

pext.

744

11° Mali.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bark Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to (Leather.) Order, a Bill for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, fey lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rat£ for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Moulton Mr. Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. tj,e gill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Moulton, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land of the Value of £.115 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Annual Value of £. 994. 7 s. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments threunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cizenove’i Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found *the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Cardington, Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord-&c. ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Rp*d. from ^e Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barf or d Bridge; and for continuing a Road from thence to the great Northern Road near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Halhed’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by Estate. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Halhed, Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, in Trust to sell and convey the same to James King, Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the

Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intitule to vest in Walter Lloyd, Esquire, and oth< Quantity of Ground, Parcel of the Glebe of t of Matterdivy, in the County of Pembroke, in tion of a certain Yearly Rent thereby fecun other Purposes therein mentioned; to which desire the Concurrence of this House: And 1

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled for vesting in Trustees, certain Estates, fiti Counties of Kent and Surrey, upon Trull, dispose of the fame, and invest the Monies ai by in the Purchase of other Estates, to be sett of the Uses of the Will of Wall, d

are now subsisting; to which the Lords defn currence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled for vesting certain Estates, belonging to th Company of the City of London, in the Go Company of the Bank of England, freed and from certain Charities to which the same ai and for vesting other Estates belonging to tli vernor and Company of the Bank, in the said of Drapers, subject to the before-mentioned to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of t And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, for vesting the Manor of Lavant, and di fuages and Lands, with the Appurtenance: County of Sufj'ex, intailed by the Will of

honourable Mary late Countess Dowager 1 deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for j other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settli like (Jfes; to which the Lords desire the Co of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, A naturalizing Paul Pourtales and Francis Gabri Muller; to which the Lords desire the Cone this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled for vesting in Trustees certain Estates, situa Counties of Kent and Surrey, upon Trust'to dispose of the fame, and invest the Monies arifin in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled 1 the Uses of the Will of William Wall, deceas now subsisting, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tii

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, for vesting certain Estates, belonging to the Company of the City of London, in the Gove Company of the Bank of England, freed and d from certain Charities, to which the same are and for vesting other Estates, belonging to Governor and Company of the Bank, in the f; pany of Drapers, subject to the before-mentio rities, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tit

An ingrossed Bill for vesting Ely , ir in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; at plying the Purchase Money, with another Su mentioned, in the purchasing of a Freehold Ground, in Dover Street, and in the building a up another House thereon, for the future Re the Bishops of Ely, and the Surplus to the Bent See; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that be. An Act for vesting Ely House, in Holbon Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and for the Purchase Money, with another Sum ther tioned, in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece of in Dover Street, and in the building and fitting

i2 Geo. III. i i° Mail,

745

ther House thereon, for the future Residence of the Bishops of Ely, and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. Ordered, That Sir Charles do make the

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to he reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million Three hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to satisfy and make good the several Sums payable to the Persons who have subscribed their Capital Stock of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be discharged and annihilated, upon the Terms expressed in the liclblution of this House of the Second Day of this lnstant May.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Four hundred and Fifty-six Pounds and Ten Pence Farthing, granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of tlxc Grants fer the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Charles for the Discovery of an easy and practicable Method of maVcing Sea Water fresh and wliolefome.

'Vhe laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

_ Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

ryj^ans. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in, his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twenty-one thousand Seven hundred and Ten Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1772, being the Surplus of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions. Annuities, and other Payments, from the Crown, alter fetisfying the Annuities or other Charges then due and payable out of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Ten thousand Four hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second - Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction' to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon the nth and 20th Days of February iaft, the 6th and 14th Daysof April\aft, and the 2d Day of this lnstant May, were reported from the Committee of the whole -House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that VOL.3J.

they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Koyflon whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- Inclosure. mens, or Moors, within the Township of Royston, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 108 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 600 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exchequer to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1772, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevc-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Coinage, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum. therein mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Homed to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cattle upon the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Tenth Distemper. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the further spreading of the contagious DUorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

9D The

it* Mail.

A.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Sir Charles (Vkit wort It took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles H'hitworlh reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had di red eel him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning;

Aldborough Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tb

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of aBurgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

York, in the room of Andrew Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Hackney Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House CtMciies. to re|olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles tyhitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Milborne Mr- Biteonreported from the Select Committee, to Port Whom the Petition of George Esquire, coraplain-

Eledkioc. ing of an Uridue Election and Return for the Borotlgh of Milborne ‘Port, in the County of Somerset, is referred; That he Was ‘directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that Mary being called as a Witness before the fa'rd Committee, has grossly prevaricated, and otherwise Vnifbehaved, in giving her Evidence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordirtgly.

The Hphfe Was also moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of April 1/746, of the I^rdde'edings *of tire House, in relation to Edmund Joliet, might be read.

And the feme were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in thfc Journal of the House, of the 19th Day of May 1733, of the Proceedings of the Hcrafe, in relation to Caleb Leigh, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine Contr That the said Mary

Hojfe, having grofslv prevaricated, and otherwise mil-behaved, in giving her Evidence before the Select Committee appointed to hear and determine the Matter of 7

the Petition of Georgi Prefcolf, Esquire, be, Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjcs attending this House.

The House being informed that Henry i finds it extremely detrimental to his Health the Select Committee, to whom the Petitioi Prescott, Esquire, complaining of an unde and Return for the Borough of Milborne 1 County of Somerset, is referred, and has alrea very much by his Attendance on the fame;

The House was moved, That an Act, m Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign An Act to regulate thfc Trials of controvertcc 01*Returns of Members to serve in Parliam* be read.

And the same being read dccdrdlngly;

The Matter so alledged by Mr. Fane, as for any further Attendance on the said Coni taken down in Writing; and the said Henry Fa. was sworn, at the Table, to the Truth there*

Ordered, Nemine CoHtradicente, That Esquire, be excused frdro any further Atte the said Select Committee.

Lord John Cavekdijls reported from the C to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosi Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, was re-c That the Committee had made several oth< roents to the Bill; which they had directed port to the House; and he read the Report ii and afterwards delivered the Bill, with th ments, in at the Clerk’s Table s Where tl ments were Once read throughout; and the Time, One by One; and, upon the Questic put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

A dlause was offered to be added to tl feeuring a Right to Sir James to try

by Action at Law.

And the said Clause was Twice read wii Which being filled up, the said Clause was, Question put thereupon, agreed to by the H made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amen< ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and rend effectual ah Ad, made in the Tenth Majesty’s Reign., intituled, An Act for buil Parish Church, and declaring the present Par a Chapel, for making a Cemetery or Churcl for building an House for the Use of th of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the Middlesex, Was read a Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And tha be, An Act for amending and rendering me an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Maje intituled, An Act for building a new Parish C declaring the present Parish Church a Chape ing a Cdemetery or Church-yard, and for I House for the Use of the;Minister of the Pa Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry th Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ihgfoifled Bill to continue the Term, ai enlarge the Powers, of so much of Two Ad the 26th and 2 7th Years of King George the repairing several Roads leading into the City as relates to the Road from the City of Gla Towh of Dumbarton, was read the Third Tit

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And thi be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made and 27th Years of King George the Second, -ing several Road* leading into the City df

12 Geo. III. 11° M. 747

.relates to that Part of the Road from the City of Glasgow A Petition of Edmund Owner of divers Gun- Gunpowder, to the Town of Dumbarton, which.' leads through the powder Mills upon Hounjlotq Heath, being offered to be County to the Town of Dumbarton. presented to the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonstone do carry the Bill to the The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-

JLords, and deGre their Concurrence. quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been

informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recom-Foreign A Bill to explain, amend, and extend the Provisions mends it to the Consideration of the House.

JN«a,ltS an Aif, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Majesty K-ing George the Second, intituled, An Act to Setting forth, That the Petitioner is a Manufacturer of explain a Clause in an Act, made in the 7th Year of the Gunpowder, and has laid out and expended large Sums Reign of her Late Uajedy Queen Anne, for naturalizing of Money in making Works for that Purpose; and that Foreign P'rotestants, which relates to the Children of his Mills are constructed to work with Pestles, and not the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or with Stones, that being conceived to be a Method very of Great Britain, was read a Second Time. convenient, and as fa/e as any other that was used in

ResolveaI, That the Bill be committed. the making of Gunpowder, and that a Bill is now

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Corn- depending, which (if the same shall pass into a Law)

mittee of the whole House. will oblige the Petitioner to alter his Works, at the

Rejoined, That this Housewill, uponIVednesday Morn- Expence of£. 2,000. and upwards; and that the Fetiti-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole oner does not object to the said Bill, but hopes that, as House, upon the said Bill. his private Property will be thereby affected, iome Compensation will be made to him for that Part of the Loss Ptecinas. An ingrossed Bill for settling and determining what which he freely incurs for the supposed Advantage of

Parts of the Precincts of The Savoy in the County of the Public: And therefore praying the House to grant

Middlejet, shall be under the Survey of the Court of the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises as the Nature

Exchequer, and what Parts thereof under the Survey of his same may require, and as to them may seem

of the Duchy of Lancaster, was read the Third Time,. meet.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-An Act for settling and determining what Parts of lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the fYecinft of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained shall be under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, in the said Petition:

and what Parts thereof under the Survey of the Duchy And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. -of Lane after. worth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Drdered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

Mach Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to w«n\oek v/Uom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open lndcture. an.cl Uninclosed Parcels of Arable and Pasture Grounds, Common and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Muck Wenlock, otherwise We Magna, otherwise Great Wenlock, in the County of Salop, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

p«-arco*» An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late, of Elizabeth,

Widow, deceased, and William , Esquire, otherwise Pearce, her eldell Son, in Trullees, to be sold, for Payment of the Portions of her younger Children, and other Incumbrances} and for settling other Part of her Estates to the same Uses; and for other Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Bejdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwyn,

' Mt. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hot ham, according to Order, reported from the African Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ComPan)r-regulating the Election of Committee Men, for managing the Affairs of the African Company, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

TclUr, for the Yms, [|j; } *5-

fcsjacrw*.. } *-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ac- whom the Bill for re pairing and widening the Road from Raffles, near the City of Carlisle, to Wiglon, and from thence to the South End of Hunda Lane, and also the Road from Wiglon to Abbey Holme, and from Wigton tp Chalkbeck, in the County of Cumberland, was committed, be received upon Friday Sevennight, the 2ad Day of this Infra at May.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to ve& io Walter Lloyd, Esquire, and others, a small * ent. Quantify of Ground, Parcel of the Glebe oSf the Rectory of Manerdivy, in the County of Pembroke, in Consideration of a certain Yearly Rent thereby fecund; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; wsu read the Find Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-Vos. jj.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday East India Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Judicature, whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of their Servants in India, and foy the due Administration of Justice in Bengal.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Qame> made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called be

read the Third Tim? Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-jcqnGder fjarther of the Supply granted to #is Majesty.

Resolved,

I 1° — 12°-

Mail.

Ways arid Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedtiefday Morn-Means. nfext} resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the "Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti:, 12* die Maii 5

Anno 120 Georgii IIP" Regis, 177

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr.

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Timber, An Account of all Timber, Plank, and Deals, and See. Boards, imported into , from 5th January 1766

(England) to January 1772, which is as far as the same can be made up j distinguishing the ll-veral Species of such Timber, Plank, and Deals, and Boards, and the Countries from whence imported, in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Childrey Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom

&c. the Bill for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Inclosure. Common Meadow's, Downs, and Commonable Lands,

in the several Parishes of Letcomb otherwise Upper

Letcomb, and Childrey, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 157 Acres of Land intended to be inclosed. One of whom could not be found; and the others made no Objection to the Bill, but would not lign, their Property being so small; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 2,510 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -yand afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

St. Sepulchre". Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the (Middlesex) Committee, to whom the Bill for the better" Relief and °°r* Employment of the Poor, within that Part of the Parish ,<5f Saint Sepulchre,-which is in the County of Middlesex and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and Open Passages and Places,' within the same, and for removing Annoyances therefrom; and for making the Communication between Square and

’ . Saint John's Street, through Charterhouse Lane, more con-. venient, is committed.

Maidenhead An ingossed Bill for building a Bridge over the River Bridge. Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And l be, An Act for building a Bridge ove Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in t Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry' tl

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir ’Thomas Clavering reported from th< to whom the Bill to enable the Lord Bilhc and his Successors, to raise a competent Sui to be applied for the repairing or rebuild of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of committed; That the Committee had e Allegations of the Bill; and found the true; and that the Committee had gone Bill, and made several Amendments there they had directed him to report to the he read the Report in his Place; and ai livered the Bill, with the Amendment! Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment! read throughout; and then a Second Tir One; and, upon the Question severally pu were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the A me. ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hai Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitui for dividing and inclosing the Open Com Commons, and Waste Lands, and a Stint called The Cotv Pajiure, in the Parish of A the County of York; without any Amend) also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitui* for dividing and inclosing the Open and Conn Common Pastures, Common Meadows, anc and Waste Grounds, within the Manor an Heath, otherwise Hetke, in the County of 0 for exonerating certain Lands belonging I Fermor, Esquire, from Tithes and Right of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule for dividing and inclosing the Open and Comi and Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, and Precincts, of AJlrop, in the Parishes of K

and Newbottle, in the County of Northampton any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule* for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, Fields, Common Pastures, and Moors or Con the Township and Parish of Terrington, in Riding of the County of without an)

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule* to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the His present Majesty, for building a Workhou Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within tl Westminster, in the County of Middlesex-, ml Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitulec "for, draining and preserving certain Comm Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish o and other adjacent Parishes, in the East Rid County of York-, and for making a Navigabh Canal, from Market Weight on to the River without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled for dividing and inclosing the Common F; - Commonable- Lands, within the Parish. of . the County of Warwick-, without any Ami

And-allb,- ' ....

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled for dividing and inclosing several Open and

12 Geo. III. 12° Ma. 749

Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Township of Blockley, and Hamlets of Draycot and in the Pari Hi of Block ley, and County of without any

Amendment: And also,

Thorpe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

loclosure ^or div:din§ and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Pari Hi of Thorpe A church., in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also,

nclofar^* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nc ore. £or jading and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Aldwinckle, in the county of ;

without any Amendment: And also.

Wheat, tec.The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Importation. for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; without any Amendment: And also,.

Rice The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

(America) for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this King-importatioa. jom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in,

for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also, *

Stuart's 1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rent* to en:ibk His Majesty to grant the Reversion or Remainder in Fee Simple, now veiled in His Majesty, of> and in, an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of One hundred and Thirteen Pounds, One of the several Fee Farm Rents granted to the Right honourable Edward, heretofore Earl of Sandw, by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, unto the honourable "James Archibald Stuart, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Confederation to be given by him, or his Heirs, for the fame; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Much Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving

Wentcck the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Inclosuie. dividing and inclosing certain Open and Uninclosed Parcels of Arable and Pasture Grounds, Common and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Much other-

wile Wenlock Magna, otherwise Great in the County of Salop, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Baldwynreported from the said Committee, That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, the Freeholders within the Parish of Much IVenlock, otherwise IVenlock Magna, otherwise Great IVenlock, in the County of Salop, and also the several Lessees upon Rack Rents, in the Manor of Much Wenlock, otherwise Wenlock Magna, otherwise Great IVenlock, within the Parish aforesaid, by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Estates of the Annual Value of £.42. who refused to sign the Bill; and also except Thomas Yate, Esquire, whose Estate is of the Annual Value of 49. 7 who said he had no Objection to the Bill, but refused to sign the fame, alledging, that his Estate was in Litigation; and that the whole Amount of Property in the said Manor is of the Annual Value of 1,538. 16 6</.) and that

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The laid Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an

Vo L.35.

Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe (from the Commissioners of thfc Customs in Scotland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Timber, Plank, Deals, and Boards, Timber, imported into Scotland, from the 1 ft Day of &c*

1766 to the ill Day of January 1772, being as faras (Scotland.) the same can be made up; distinguishing the several Species, of Inch Timber, Plank, Deals, and Boards, imported in each Year, the Countries from whence, and the Ports to which, the same have been imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Exchequer from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1772, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Coinage, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Disten, per. Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle, in Great Britain, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iti his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, deported Hackney-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Coiche>-

9 E BUI

75

i 2° Mail

|65.

Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Afluranccj and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee -to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, madp by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas \ Sir John

v uiers toi the 1 cas, j Mr

Tellers for the Noes \ ^'r 7

t eners for the j\oes, j Mr: J 19'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Richmond The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (Lancaster) for completing a Building, intended for a New Church, Chapel.

or Chapel, at Richmond, near , in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also.

King’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An kipton Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Jnclciure. Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and "Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of King's Ripton, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

Eaflleach The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tourville Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common inclosure. Field, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of EaJUcach Tourvil/e, in the County of Gloucester-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Law* Sir Charles Whitworth reported frotn the Committee, Expiring, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; that the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 15th and 16th Year? of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits, of the Sugar

Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respe<£k to some Rock Salt, loft by the overflowing Weaver and Dane, as relates to the landing Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, bel of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodgin: in Warehouses, at the Expence of the Proprietors thereof; which was to continue the 29th Day of September 1749, and froi the End of the then next Session of Pari which, by an Act made in the 23d Year of Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, fre ration thereof, until the 29th Day of Sept and from thence to the End of the then nc Parliament; and which, by an Act, made Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, w; and further continued until the 29th Day 1764, and from thence to the End of tl Session of Parliament; and which, by an A the Fourth; Year of His present Majesty’s further continued, from the Expiration then 29th Day of September 1771, and from th End of the then next Session of Parliam expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this That so much of an Act, made in the 19th Reign of his late Majesty King George the tituled, An Act for the further Punishmentgoing armed or disguised, in Defiance of ti Customs or Excise; and for indemnifying against those Laws, upon the Terms therein and for Relief of Officers of the Customs tions upon Seizures,- as relates to the furth ment of Persons going armed or disguised, i of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to th Officers of the Customs in Informations upor which was to continue in force for the Spai Years, and from thence to the End of the Session of Parliament; and which, by several Acts, made in the 26th and 32d Years of his jesty’s Reign, and the 4th Year of His present Reign, was further continued until the 25 September 1771, and from thence to the End < next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this C That an Act, made in the 4th Year of the R< late Majesty King George the Second, inti Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exp British-made Gunpowder; which was to cc force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of j and from thence to the End of the then m of Parliament; and which, by several subseq made in the 10th, 16th, 24th, and 31st Ye said Majesty’s Reign, and the 4th Year of Majesty’s Reign, was further continued unti Day of September 1771, and from thence to t the then next Session of Parliament, is near and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this G That so much of an Act, made in the 8th Yi Reign of King George the First, intituled, Ai giving further Encouragement for the Impc Naval Stores, and for other Purposes then tioned, as relates to the Importation of AV Timber, and of the Goods commonly called therein particularly enumerated, from any Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in free from all Customs and Impositions wh which was to be in force for ai Years, 24th Day of June 1722; and which, by fever quest Acts, made in the 16th, 24th, and 31(1 the Reign of his late Majesty King George the and the 4th Year of His present Majesty’s R( further continued until the 29th Day of Septem, and from thence to the End of the then ne: of Parliament,- is near expiring, and lit to tinued.

i i Geo. III. i a Mail 751

Resolved, Tha\. it is the Opinion of this Committee, ed, and further continued until the rft Day of September That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of 1757; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An the 31st Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and the Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manu- 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was fur-facture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual ther continued until the 29th Day of September 1771, is securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth near expiring, and fit to be continued.

imported into this Kingdom, which was to continue in 1 force from the 24th Day of "June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 13th, 24th, and 31st Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the 4th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1771, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to continue in force for Five Years from the 29th Day of September *739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent A^ts, made in the 17th, 24th, and 31st Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the 4th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1771, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act. to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, which was to continue in force for Seven Yeafs, and from thence to the £,nd of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the 21st and 28th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indigo in the British Plantations in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the 30th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prize

Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to the encouraging the making of Indigo in the British Plantations in America; and for explaining so tnuch of an Act, made in the 5th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there, as relates to the said Act of the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and which was to continue in force from the 1 ft Day of August 1770, for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 3th Year of t he Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, which was to continue in force from the 24th Day of June 1732, for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 9th and 16th Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 17505 and, by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amencl-Vol. 33.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee, being rend a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Seventh and Eighth Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Ninth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, which was to continue in force, from the 24th Day of June 1732, for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 9th and x6th Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September '750; and, by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended and further continued until the ift Day of September 1757 5 and which, by Two subsequent Acts, made in the 31 ft Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1771, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the Second, Sixth, and Ninth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Cooper,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Morton, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Ongley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Third,

Fourth, Fifth, Seventh, and Eighth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl for discharging divers Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Spencer’s Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, of

Part of the Estate of the Right honourable John Earl Marlborough- Spencer, comprized in, and settled by, the last Will and Estates. Testament and* Codicil thereto, of the Most noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, deceased, and by certain Conveyances executed in pursuance thereof, from the Uses and Trusts declared by the said Will, Codicil, and Conveyances; and for settling other Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sutton, Lord Howe, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morn- Te*. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, E*Porut, on*

tp

Lloyd*

Glebe

(Manerdivy)

Jnrefiment.

Gunpowder

Clandestine

Marriages

752 12° — i 1

to consider of a Drawback to be allowed upon the they had gone through the Bill, and mac Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Domi- Amendments thereunto; which they had dir oions in America, for a limited Time, upon the Expira- to report, when the House will please to n tion of the Drawback which is allowed thereon, by an fame.

Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Hisprc- Ordered, That the Report be received upor sent Majesty. Sevennight.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is The other Orders of the Day being read; concerned in the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom An Act to vest in Walter Lloyd, Esquire, and others, a ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of small Quantity of Ground, Parcel of the Glebe of the House, to consider of the Report which was t Rectory of Manerdivy, in the County of Pembroke, in the Committee, to whom it was referred to < Consideration of a certain Yearly Rent thereby secured, so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Ye and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which Bill present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explai was Yesterday read the First Time, and ordered to be and reduce into One Act of Parliament, tl read a Second Time; Laws now in being, for regulating the Turn]

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes the quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in- tioned, as relates to the Breadth of the Wheel formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con- riages used upon Turnpike Roads, and to th sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that of Horses allowed to be used therewith, and the House may do therein as they shall think fit. their Opinion thereupon to the Hous?.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage, of Gunpowder, within Great Britain-, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree With the Committee, in the said Amendment j

The House divided.

The Noes to go forth.

Mr. Dempster appointed One of the Tellers for the Noes, but no Member going forth, nor any other Member appearing to he a Second Teller for the Noes, Mr. Speaker declared, the Yeas had it.

Then the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving an Appeal from the Quarter Sessions by a Certiorari, to the Court of King’s Bench.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing «f Clandestine Marriages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Burgoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Burgoyne reported from the Committee, That

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amen made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty An Act for better Preservation of the Game, v Part of Great Britain called England, be read Time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till 1 Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 130 Maii; Anno 12° Georgii III*11 Regis, 17

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosi Commons and Waste Grounds, within of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, w Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed t to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 35. 1. 14. To leave out from " F " and " in line 15.

And the said Amendment was, upon the put thereupon, agreed to by the House; a was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Apj. County of Westmorland.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish do ca: to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Scudamore reported from the Con whom the Bill for amending, widening, ar the Roads leading from Crickhowell, in the Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond Turnpike Road between the City of H Ross; and from a Place called the Lower in the Parish of Saint Maughans, to the Tov mount, in the County of Monmouth; and fron Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of Uam Chapel-a-fine, in the same County; and fron pike Road in the Parish of Newton, in of Hereford, to Ponttanajl, in the Parish c

in the said County, was committed; That inittee had examined the Allegations of tl found the same to be true; and that the had gone through the Bill, and made fev<

12 Geo. III.

13° Mail.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the ! and he read the Report in his Place;

and atrerA uds delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ucre agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Sandy*’ Lord George CaVendish reported from the Committee, Eftatr. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of the Infant Children of the honourable Mary Sandys, deceased, to make Leases of their settled Eft ares in England and Ireland, during their respective Minorities, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Order ei the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time Rejehed, That the Bili do pass.

Ordered, That Lord George Ccvendish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Elections. Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the ciefting and returning such Members: And the same was received 5 and read the First Time-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Brczaning:

impower James Bation and Edward Buckley Batson, Buckley's Esquires, Testamentary Guardians of the Person and £tbtc. Estate of Edward Pery Buckley, an Infant, to grant Leases of the Estate of Pery Buckley, Esquire* deccated; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Caihcari’i Sale of One Undivided Fourth Parc of the Lands of bfiate. Inner kith, lying in the County of Edinburgh, and of One Undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of Darn-chester, in the County of Berwick, being Parts ct the entailed Estate of Colonel James Cat heart, deccaied; and for pure haling other Lands and Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, upon the same Persons, and to the like Uses and Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Innkeepers of the Town of Maid- Innkeepers stone, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, (Maidstone) and read; Complaining of the Hardships, which, the droops"* Petitioners alledge, they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if it was left to the Option of each Innkeeper, to provide Hay and Straw for the Horse to be quartered on him, at the present;

Price of Six Pence each Night, or only to provide the Troops with convenient Stables and Necessaries for the Horse gratis, as the Innkeepers shall find most convenient in future Times (this Alteration not to extend to Troops on a March, or employed on the Recruiting Service) the same would remedy the Grievance complained of: And therefore praying the House, to take the Complaints of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them the Relief thus proposed, or such other Alterations in the Laws for quartering Soldiers as to the House shall be found most proper for His Majesty’s Service, and the Ease of His Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Stampbutiei, the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Stamp Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, Paper, and Cards: c*

And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hungerford,

&c.

Road.

Wing

Inclosure.

Bulbck’s

Jillate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to explain and amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from BejJe/jleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford,- in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and // \dling ford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red Horse upon U dnta;e Downs, and from thence to Lcanbourn, in the said County of Berks; without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Wing, in the County of Rutland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have paflld a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Elercditaments, and Prcrniles, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, r.nd Borough of ScutIrwark, in the County of Surrey, Part of the settled Estate of Join Bullock, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for laying out the Money anting by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Ann Jekyll, and the Representatives of the late Sir Joseph Jekyll, from a Debt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a further Encouragement to be given to the Inhabitants of the Ilk of Man, t6 engage in, and carry on, the Fisheries on the Coasts of the said Island, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for obviating a Doubt which has arisen, with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fiftiery in the Year 1771.

An ingrosstd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul PcurtaUs and Francis Gabriel Charles Midler, was read the First Time.

R Jolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jekyll’s Debt to the Crown.

Manx

Fisherbi*

Pourtalcs

and

Muller's

Nat.

And alfe,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to VOL. 33.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 9 F t»

feadgert, For diallers, ice*

Laws*

expiring.

Bullock's

.Estate.

Excise: Tea, Sec.

Corn.: Importation, & C.

754 13° Maii. yt.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying the Evils occasioned by the Laws now in being, relating to Badgers, Engroffers, Forestallers, and Regrators, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts, mentioned in the First, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Seventh, and Eighth Resolutions, which were Yesterday reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and which Resolutions were then postponed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Sutrey, Part of the settled Estate of John Bullock, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill, being ingrafted, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally propoted to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 26. To leave out " hereby," and insert " heretofore" instead thereof.

Pr. 12. 1. 6. To leave out " at or."

1. 10. To leave out " at or."

1. 14. To leave out " at or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House; and the Hill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be. An Act to regulate the Importation and i of Com.

Ordered, That Mr. Pownall do carry' the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted BUI from the Lords, intituU for Sale of One Undivided Fourth Part of of Innerleith, lying in the County of Edinbu.

One Undivided Fourth Part of the Lands chester, in the County of Bertvick, being P entailed Estate of Colonel Janes Cat he art. and for purchasing other Lands and Lib settled, in lieu thereof, upon the same Pc to the like Uses and Purposes, was read Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second T

A Bill for the better Regulation of Cai riages, and loaded Horses, and for removing tions and Nuisances upon the Streets and within that Part of Great Britain called Sec read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to ander Gilmour, Mr. Edmonflone, &c.: And ti meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clocl Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the C to whom the Bill for inclosing, dividing, allol improving, certain Common Woods and Mo within the Borough and Parish of fVtgm County of Hereford, was committed; That t

mittee had examined the Allegations of the found the same to be true; and that the Par cerned had given their Consent to the Bil Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two who are Owners of Three Burgage House Right of Common upon the Lands to be inch refused to sign the Bill; and the Owners of Ti gage Houses having such Right, who could met with. One of whom had signed the Petii promised to sign the Bill; and that the whole of Burgage Houses having such Right is 135; no Person appeared before the Committee to o; Bill) and that the Committee had gone thre Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntc they had directed him to report to the House read the Report in his Place; and afterwards the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’ Where the Amendments were, Once read thre and then a Second Time, One by One; and, 1 Question severally put thereupon, were agree the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendm ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing tl and Common Fields, Common Meadows, ( Failures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Wade ( in the Parish of Moulton, in the County was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to I to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. I.38. To leave out " the faiol ton, or his Successors, Vicars," and insert " th< Head thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the C put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that tl be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Op Common Fields, Common Meadows, Comme tures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Wade G in the Parish of Moulton, in the County of No ton.

12 Geo. III., 13° ' 755

Ordered, That Mr. Montagu do carry the Bill to the the Sum necessary to ered as many Stone Mills to work

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the same Quantity of Gunpowder as is now worked by

the Pestle Mills, will amount to £.2,509. 10. which Tea: Ordered', That the Order of the Day, for the House Estimate is hereunto annexed: And,

xporution. ref0]Ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, M..... , (an Owner of Oil Mills, upon the

toconsiderof a Drawback to be allowed upon the Ex- same Construction as Mr. informed your Com-

portation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions mitfee. That he is well acquainted with the Coriftruc-

in America, for a limited Time, upon the Expiration of tion of Mills; that he knows Mr. /////is Owner of the Drawback which is allowed thereon by an Act made Seven Pestle Mills now at work upon the Gunpowder in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Business; and that he thinks the above-mentioned Elti-be now read. mate, for the Erection of Stone Mills, in order to equal

And the said Order being read accordingly; the Work of the Mills already established, and now at

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- work, is less than what would be the real Expence mittee. That they do considerof the Drawback upon necessary for the erecting of such new Mills: That the Foreign Sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland. Mills are now in a working State, and the Materials of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- the old Mills would be of very little Value towards the mittee. That they do consider of the Bounty payable new Mills.

upon the Exportatio - of i?n7,yft-made Cordage. Mr. Nickalls, a Millwright, being examined,

Ordered, That it oe an Instruction to the said Com- said. That he thinks the Estimate below the real Value,

mittee, That they do consider of so much of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Importation of Rice from the Plantations

into certain Ports of this Kingdom, for immediate Exportation to Foreign Ports.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper, reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Trade Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

with preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the Trade

Ireland, carried on between Great Britain and Ireland: And that the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Town/iiend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Robinson, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fenwick’* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Estate. Reading of the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in Trustees, to be sold, certain Estates, in the Counties of York, and which belonged to Ann Fenwick, Widow, before her Intermarriage; anti for the Relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejclved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this lnstant May, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole Floufe, upon the said Bill.

Gunpowder. Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edmund Hill, Owner of divers Gunpowder Mills upon Heath, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition; a State whereof they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed:; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition, is as followeth:

Mr. Hill produced an Estimate of the Expence of building Two Setts of Gunpowder Stone Mills, amounting to j£*. 7*7, from which Calculation it appears that VOL. 33.

and conceives that a Mill with Two Pair of Stones could not be perfeded with all the necessary Apparatus for less than £. 800, or a Mill with One Pair of Stones for less than £.500: That the Seven Pestle Mills, as they now stand, and prohibited from working Gunpowder* are not really worth, for any Purpose they can be applied to, so much as £. 200; but if allowed to work, are worth £. 1,400.

Mr. John Brokehouse, a Millwright, being examined, said. That what is left of the Two Mills lately blown up, is not now worth more than £. 5; but if restored to Pestle Mills, would be worth £. 50, 60, or 70.

APPENDIX.

Abstract of an Estimate of Millwright’s, Brass Founder’s, and Smith’s Work, to build Two Setts of Gun- powder Stone Mills, for Mr. Hill;

Amount of Millwright’s, Brass Founder’s and Smith’s Work, as per John s £.

Estimate - -- - 279

D° of Carpenter’s Work for the Mill Houses,

as per William Godin's, Estimate - - - - 84

D° of Bricklayer’s Work, for Foundations to

D° - -- - 4

D° of Cost, Freights, Duty, and Charges, of Two Setts of Mill Stones, polishing D°, and petty Charges, at a very low Calculation - 350

- .

N. B. Mr. Hill has Seven Pestle Mills, which are now Handing, and will work 1,3501b. Gunpowder in 24 Hours; that it will take Seven Setts of Stones to work the like Quantity in the same Time, which will at the above Estimate amount to£.2,509. 10.

N. B. Mr. Nick all's Estimate for Millwright’s Work, tsY. is £.369. 2.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Hull Order, a Bill for establishing lawful Quays or Wharfs Port, at the Port of Hull, for the shipping and lading Goods and Merchandize; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Full Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom Stainton, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields, within 0 olure‘ the Townships or Hamlets of Great and Little New biggin, and Great Blencow, in the Barony of Grey-fock, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations oi the Bill, and found the same tube true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to

Mail

the Sutisfadion of the Committee (except Four Pro-piietors, whose Purvey to the said Common and Waste Ground is Two Pence, One Plack, and One-fourth of a Mite; and except the Owners of 39 Acres of Land within the said Open and Common Fields, who refused toconsent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Purvey to the said Common and Waste Ground is 7 J-r and the Whole of tire Lands within the said Open and Common Fields to be indofed coafifts of 397 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to save the Rights of Sir James

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrofi'ed.

Foreign Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Frotestants resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^a,‘ the Bill to explain, amend, and extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen dune, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

The Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rail India Rejo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

Judicature. ing, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of their Servants in India, and for the due Ad min ill rat ion of Justice in Bengal.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ar.d then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JoviS) 140 die Maii;

Anno i2# Georgii IIT" Regis, 1 77

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclc

Open and Uninclosed Parcels of

Pasture Grounds, Common and Waste L.r

Manor of Much IVenlock, otherwise IVeiU

Otherwise Great IVenlock, in the County of . *

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And thr be, An Act for dividing and inclosing cc Parcels of Arable and Pasture Grounds, in of MuohIVenlock, otherwise IVenlock Elagm

Great IVenlock, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldivyn do carry the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reports Committee of the whole House, to whom it ' to consider of the Acts mentioned in the F Fourth, Fifth, Seventh, and Eighth Resoluti upon Tuesday last, were reported from the < who were appointed to inquire what Laws or near expiring, and to report their Opin House, which of them are fit to be revived or and which Resolutions were then postponed,: tions which the Committee had directed hit to the House; which lie read in his Place, wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Whc were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this ( That so much, of an Act, made in the Fit Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late M: George the Second, intituled, An Act to on Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits, < tish Sugar Plantations, to land the same befor of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, ar the same in Warehouses at their own Expent the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to tl, some Rock Salt loft by the overflowing of IVcaver and Dane, as relates to the landing c Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, befor of the Duties of Excise, and to tire lodging c in Warehouses at the Expence of the Import prietors thereof; which was to continue in: the 29th Day of September 1749; and whicl ther continued, by several Acts of Parliament 29th Day of September 1771, and from the End of the then next Session of Parliament, piring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this C That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of tin his late Majesty King George the Second, inti Act for granting an Allowance upon the E of Br/VZ/ft-made Gunpowder; which was too force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of ‘ and from thence to the End of the then next Parliament; and which, by several fublequet Parliament, was further continued until the of September 1771, and from thence to the 1 then next Session of Parliament, is near exp fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this C That so much of an Act, made in the Eight the Reign of King George the First, intituled for giving further Encouragement for the In of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes the tioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood ber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumh; particularly enumerated, from any of His Maj tish Plantations or Colonies in America, free

12 Geo. III. 140 Maii: 757

Customs and Impositions whatsoeverj which was to be in force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th Day of June 1722; and which, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, was further continued Tintil the 29th Day of September 1771, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties how payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; which was to continue in force from the 24th Day of 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, was further continued until the 29th Day of September i77t,.and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is neat expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland) which was to continue in force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so *much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years' of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Irtdico in the British Plantations in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prize Goods taken

since the late Declaration of War with , as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for explaining so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there, as relates to the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and which was to continue in force, from the First Day of August 1770, for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Second, Sixth, and Ninth Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and which were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; tha* they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in Ofie of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Acts mentioned in the . First, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Seventh, and Eighth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which were postponed.

Foreign Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Protestants Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Nat* explain, amend, and extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Vol. 33.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Exportation.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred P r to consider of a Drawback to be allowed upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon the Expiration of the Drawback which is allowed thereon, by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which- he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, after the Expiration of the present Drawback of the Duties of Custontfs upon Tea exported to Ireland and the British Plantations, a Drawback be allowed, of

Three-fifth Parts of the Duties of Customs payable uport the Importation of such Teas, for a limited Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon the Exportation of Foreign Sugars from this Kingdom to Ireland, no Part of the Old Subsidy, paid upon the Importation of such Sugars, shall be repaid or drawn back.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Bounty allowed upon the Exportation of British-tmde Cordage, as Merchandize, be continued for a further Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Importation of Rice from the British Plantations be allowed, into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool,

Latkajler, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to Foreign Parts, upon Payment of One-half of the Old Subsidy. 1

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cooper, the Lord North,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles

Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein, to impower the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate required by Law, upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have been lent into the Country for Sale.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Manx der, a Bill for the further Encouragement of the Her- Fisherie* ring Fishery on the Coall of the Isle of Man j and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen, with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

9 G Ordered,

14* M

A.

Luareti. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establishment of Lazarets: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do pre* pare, and bring in, the fame.

Richmond The House was moved. That the Order, made upon (Sfu"ey> the 5th Day of March last, " That Leave be given to Fitzwilliam'* " bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant and Estate. " convey certain Leasehold and Copyhold Premises, at " or near Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the " Trustees named in the Will of Dame Henrietta Decker, " deceased, to and for the foie and separate Use of " Catharine Lady Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and her " Heirs; and for enfranchising the said Copyhold Premises; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ditto. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in His Majesty certain Hereditaments at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, belonging to Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and held by Lease from the Crown; and for veiling the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold Hereditaments at Richmond aforesaid, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, as a Part of the Compensation for the fame; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Onslow and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ditto. Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for vesting in His Majesty certain Hereditaments at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, belonging to Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and held by Lease from the Crown} and for veiling the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold Hereditaments at Richmond aforesaid, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, as a Part of the Compensation for the fame; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exchequer An ingrafted Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Bills Bill, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for . the Service of the Year 1772, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1772.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Coinage. An ingrafted Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill , to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for cpntinuing an Act, made in the

Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Maj vent the further spreading of the contagic among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, ' Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tl be. An Act for continuing in Act, made ii Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the further spreading of the contagious Dise the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do c to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from tlje Lords, intituh for veiling the Manor of East Lavant, and fuages and Lands, with the Appurtenam County of Sussex, intailed by the Will of honourable Mary late Countess Dowager of ceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for other Lands, and Hereditaments, to be fetl like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second 1

An ingrafted Bill to regulate the makin: and Carriage, of Gunpowder, within Great h to repeal the Lows heretofore made for ar Purposes, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were several to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3.1; 2t. To leave out " at," and " the Parishes of" infte and after " Battef' to inf " hurst, Seddlefcomb, anc

Pr. 25.1.39. To leave out " June,"

" July" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon th several put thereupon, agreed to by the H the Bill was amended at the Tableaccording

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that t An Act to regulate the making, keeping, an of Gunpowder, within Great Britain; and to Laws heretofore made for any of those Purpi

Ordered, That Mr. Hotham do carry the ] Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Fenwick, Esquire, wa: to the House, and read; Taking Notice of th Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to ve tees, to be sold, certain Estates, in the C York, Wflmoreland, and Lancaster, which be Ann Fenwick, Widow, before her Intermar for Relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in l'uch T in the said Act is mentioned; and Setting many material Fasts are omitted in the fak which, and by several of the Provisions therein the Petitioner is greatly injured: And there ing. That he may be heard, by his Counli such Parts of the Bill as may assess him; anc same may not pass into a Law as it now Hand

Ordered, That the said Petition be refern Consideration of the Committee of the whole 1 whom the said Bill is committed; and thai tioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the f mittee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the f mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, a said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his W the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new the Elefling of a Burgess to lerve in this pre liament for the Borough of Beverley, in the C York, in the room of Hugh Bet hell, Esquire, d

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, for veiling the settled Estates of Humphry

i2 Geo. III. 14°

Esquire, in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, or in the Principality of Wales, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mackworih, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hackney A Petition of the several Proprietors and others in-Coaches. terested in Stage Coaches, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Polices of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches; and Setting forth, that the Petitioners have, at a very, great Expence, provided Stage Coaches, with Horses, and Things proper for carrying on their Business; and that, by the said Bill, the Petitioners will be restrained from carrying Outside Passengers in the Manner they have been used to do; and that such a Restraint will not only be greatly detrimental to the Petitioners, but highly injurious to the Trade of Country Manufacturers, the Price of Inside Passengers will be greatly increased, and ftnall Traders be prevented from the present cheap Conveyance to and from London: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, until the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and the Petitioners are then to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted>to be> heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

Badgers, Ordered, That Mr. Burke do make the Report from or^c< er*’ the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill.

for remedying the Evils occasioned by the Laws now in being, relating to Badgers* Engrossers, Forestallers, and Regrators, was committed.

Mr. Burke accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally r put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Horned A Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to Cattle the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re-Dtftcmper. ferre{j to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Reward to be given to Doctor Layard, for his Advice and Assistance in carrying into Execution a Plan for preventing the spreading of the infectious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to consider of a proper Reward to be Vot. 33.

Mm. 759

given to Doctor Layard, for his Advke and Assistance in carrying the said Plan into Execution.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Reward to be given to Doctor Layard, for his Advice and Assistance in carrying into Execution a Plan for preventing the spreading of the infectious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Gunpowder. Committee, to whom the Petition of Edmund dwner

of divers Gunpowder Mills upon Heath, was

referred, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bark:

Reading of the Bill for encouraging the Manufacture of (Leather.) Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill teas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Innkeepers of the Borough of i„n keeper* Bofion, was presented to the House, and read; Complain- (Boston) ing of the Hardships which the Petitioners alledge they Q"*r«cr, ng labour under from the present Mode of quartering Sol- roop5’ diers and Horses; and Setting forth, that the Petitioners apprehend, if it was left to the Option of each Innkeeper to provide Hay and Straw for the Horses to be quartered on him at the present Price of Six Pence each Night, or only to provide the Troops with convenient Stables and Necessaries for the Horses, gratis, as the Innkeepers shall find most convenient in future Times (this Alteration not to extend to Troops on a March, or employed on the Recruiting Service) thp same would remedy the Grievance complained of: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners the Relief thus proposed, or such other Alterations in the Laws for quartering Soldiers, as to the House shall be found moll proper for His Majesty’s Service, and the Ease of His Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, vVestminster who were appointed to inquire into the State of the Nightly Nightly Watch within the City and Liberty of West- Watch.

minster; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Mode of Watching, and Pay of the Watchmen, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, is very irregular and various, and ought to be put under proper Regulations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it would tend to the Safety of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, if a regular and uniform Watch, with Patroles, was established, under proper Regulations.

Resolved,

14° Ma li. u4.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be necessary to levy a Rate upon the Inhabitants, to answer the above Purposes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in levying the said Rate, the Two Parishes of Saint George Bloomsbury and Saint Giles the Fields, ought to

be considered as One Parish, in like Manner as they are in the Collection of Poor and Church Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Constables of the Night should be appointed, who, as well as the Beadles, Watchmen, and Patrole Men, should be under the Directions of proper Persons in each Parish, to be called " Directors of the Watch." The said llesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Brett, Mr. Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Oliver, and Colonel Jennings, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Behalf of themselves, and several other I claim Right of Common for and in relp< ancient Messuages or Burgages, in and uf several Moors and Parcels of Ground; ai Petition of the several Persons, whose Name subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, Tenements, and as such entitled to a Right in and upon the Moors, Wastes, or Cor Parcels of Ground thereafter mentioned, so: Behalf of themselves and others, were also re

And the Counsel against the Bill were examined several Witnesses in Support Petitions.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was hear mined a Witness, in Support of the Bill aga Petitions.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made. That the B; mitted;

And a Debate arising in the House therei

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourm morrow Morning.

Shte'bridge, Mr. Jolliffe reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Foads. Sheetbridgs to Portsmouth, and from Horn Dean to Havant, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ripley, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

St. Oswald Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

ndrfore? Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, called The Intack or Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint Oswald&nd Manor of Chester in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extinguish-ingall Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Freemen or Burgesses of the City of Durham, and Borough of in the County of Durham, for and in Behalf of themselves and the several other Freemen or Burgesses of the same City and Borough; and also, the Petition of the several Owners of ancient Messuages or Burgages, within the City of Durham, and Borough of and the

several Parishes of Saint Mary le Row and Little Saint Mary, in or near the said City of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, and who are entitled to Right of Common upon the several Moors, Commons, or Wastes, known by the several Names of Framwelgate Moor, High Braffide Moor, Low Braffide Moor, Harber House Moor, and Well Springs Moor, and in and upon Two Parcels of Ground, known by the several Names of The Intack, otherwise The Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, all lying in or near the said City and Borough, in the Manor <?f Chester, in the County of Durham, in r

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Har Browning:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule for building a Temporary Bridge over the J between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and in the County of Durham; without any Ar And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule for dividing and inclosing the Common Fei tain other Commonable Places, and Opi within the Parish of Kirton, in the Parts of the County of Lincoln; without any Amendr also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule for dividing and inclosing the Common I Fields, and certain other Commonable Places, to, and in the Parish of W, in the County < without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitulec for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Marsh, and other Commonable Places, v Parish of Sutterton, in the County of Lincoln any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitulec to enable the Trustees of the Estate of He/ Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of the Relief of his poor Kindred; and to enabl Trustees to grant building Leases of an Efta Parishes of Ketifington, Chelsea, and Saint Mat Fields, in the county of ; with some

ments; to which Amendments the Lords Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, A enable John Rolle, Esquire, and Judith Maria Spinster, to make Settlements on the Marriage between them, notwithstanding their respectiv rities; to which the Lords desire the Concurren House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, A enable the Moll noble William Duke of Dev

frant ReversionaryLeafes of his Leasehold Eftai 'arish of Saint J tunes, JV in the County

dlesex \ to which the Lords desire the Concui this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Ar giving further Powers to the Trustees named in Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " impower the Trustees of the Will of the late

12 Geo. III. 140 — 15

" Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by this Act,

to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to " and from a free Bridge, by them intended to be built " over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to " empower the Persons in Post'elfion of the said Estate, " for the Time being, under the said Will, to grant " Leafesof certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; " and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water, within the said " Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and " Citizens, of Bath; and for extending the Jurisdiction " of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part " of the said Manor of Bat/nvick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned and for enlarging the Powers of Leafing given by the said Act to the Persons therein named; and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Barber’s, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate re, nveft'ng divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Stafford, late the Estate of Robert Esquire, de-

ceas'd, in the several Persons now in being, and for such Estates as they are severally entitled under the Will of the said Robert Barbor; and for enabling James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join in such Conveyances as shall be necessary for those Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rolle’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Settlements. enable John Rolle, Esquire, and Judith Maria

rond, Spinster, to make Settlements on the Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective Minorities, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1. 25. ]. 26.

1. 27.

After " be" insert " so.*

Leave out " Direction" and insert " Discretion."

Leave out the First " or" and insert " and, " and leave out the Second " or" and Insert " and of," and at the End of the Line, and be* . ginning of 1. 28. leave out " Survivor" and insert " Survivors." After " Captives" insert " and Slaves.’* Leave out " Relief, and, " and after " Ufc" insert " and Relief."

After " Poor" insert " to."

Leave out " cannot" and insert " be* " ing in Doubt whether they can." The said Amendments being severally. read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry' the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Pr. 2. Pr. 5.

1. 32. 1 33-

1. 16. 1. 2.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ^aft India ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole »" lcature* House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of their Servants in India, and for the due Administration of Justice in

Bengal.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 15* Maii;

Anno 120 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1772.

Eftaey'* ingrossed from Lords, intituled, An Act

te* for giving further Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament1, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late " General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by " this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and " Grounds, in the Manor of in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads " and Ways to and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said " County; and also to empower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate, for the T*nie being, under the said " Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses " in the said Manor; and likewise to enable the said " Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of " Water, within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the " Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Bath; and for " extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of " Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" and for enlarging the Powers of leafing given by the said Act to the Persons therein named; and for other Purposes; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Smith’s The House prqceeded to take into Consideration the Eftat'es. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bili, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estate of

Smith, Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of Money to the Relief of his poor Kindred; and to enable the said Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate, in the Panfries (of Kenjtnglon and Saint Marlin in the Fields, in the County of

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow'eth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1 23. Leave out " the."

Vo l. 33»

Prayers.

SIR Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Surrey whom the Bill to extinguish the Right of Common House of upon an Acre of Ground, called IVkite or Hang- (st^Georg?*

man's Acre, in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Fiddi.) Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, who is possessed of some Land in Saint George’s Fields in Right of his Wife, and

who refused to consent, unless he knew on what Part of Hangman's Acre the Building was to be erected; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, .upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wall* for vesting in Trustees certain Estates, situate in the ^®ate* Counties of Kent and Surrey, upon Trull, to sell and dispose of the fame, and invell the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to such of the Uses of the Will of Wall, de-

ceased, ^s are now subsisting, was fead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Lowndes, See.: And they are to meet this

9 H Afternoon,

Drapers

Company

Eftace.

Tyne

Bridge.

Basset’s

Estate.

Eldons.

Lloyd's

Inveilment.

15° Mail. ^4

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the Drapers Company of the City of London the Governor and Company of the Bank of England., freed and discharged from certain Charities, to which the same are subject; and for vesting other Estates, belonging to the said Governor and Company of the Bank, in the said Company of Drapers, subject to the before-mentioned Charities, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lord Bishop of Dur-' ham, and his Successors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be applied for the repairing or rebuilding such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of , and

his Successors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be applied for the repairing, improving, or rebuilding, such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Molesworthreported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in the Trustees named in the Will of 'Francis Basset, Esquire, deceased, such Powers of leafing

and granting Sets of, and on, the Estates comprized in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of John darves Bajfet, Esquire, deceased, as by the said Settle-merit were given to the Trustees therein named, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 19. 1. 7. After the Second Word " Mines" insert " and also to dig, work,

" mine, and search for Tin, Copper, and other Minerals and " Metals."

In the Title of the Bill, after " such" insert " like."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in Walter Lloyd, Esquire, and others, a small

Quantity of Ground, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of Mancrdivy, in the County of Pembroke, in Considera-

tion of a certain Yearly Rent thereby fecu other Purposes therein mentioned, was re. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed l greve, Mr. Mackworth, &c.: And they are Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tl; Chamber.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the to whom the Bill for the better Regulation Carriages, and loaded Horsesj and for ren structions and Nuisances upon the Streets ways, within that Part of Great Britain ca!!< was committed; That the Committee had g< the Bill, and made several Amendments therei they had directed him to report to the Hoi read the Report in his Place; and afterward* d Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cici Where the Amendments were Once read t and then a Second Time, One by One; and Question severally put thereupon, were agreu House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Anient ingrossed.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing of the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, f Wines, and Spirits, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a C of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon . Morning next, resolve itself into a Committ whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according a Bill for establishing a Lottery; and for other therein mentioned: And the same was reCei' read the Firii Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tir

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, to enable the Mofl noble William Duke of Dev grant Reversionary Leases of his Leasehold the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the C Middlesex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tin

Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Cor to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, it An Act to empower William Hulton, Esquire, ti his settled Estates, in the County of Parts thereof, with One thousand Two hundred J and Three thousand Pounds, for the Purposes mentioned, and also to grant Leases of certain 1 his said Estates, was committed; That the Cor had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foi same to be true; and that the Parties concern given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactior Committee; and that the Committee had direct to report the Bill to the House, without any ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton do carry tl to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Houl agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the further Encouragement of the K Fishery on the Coasts of the Isle of Man-, and fi viating a Doubt which has arisen, with respect I allowing the Bounties upon the British White H Fishery, in the Year One thousand Seven hundre Seventy-one, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rej

Childrcy,

&c.

Inclosure.

Charlton,

&c.

Inclosure.

Buckley9!

Estate.

Navy: Building Ships*

Barbor’a

Estate.

>t. Oftvald’s

’Frttnwe^ntt)

Jccio fuic.

12 Geo. III.

15° M

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in the several Pari (lies of Let comb , othertvife Upper Let comb, and , in the County of

Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in the several Parishes of Letcomb Bajfett, other-wile Upper Letcomb, and Childrey, 'in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Vanfittartdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Charlton, in the Parishes of Newbott/eand King's Sutton, or One of them, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Charlton, in the Parishes of New bottle and King’s Sutton, or One of them, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" iqg all - Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there, be committed be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upiQii the said Motion.

And the Question being put. That the said Bill be committed; r *

The House divided j -

The Yeas went forth. _ -

Tdto for the SSL, ' } 9:

Toilers for the } *«

So it passed in the Negative.

An ingrafted Bill for the mofe easy and speedy Re- KiiMermmftu' covery of Small Debts, within the Biorough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of in the County of WorceJfer, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 6. After " Clerk" to insert " Branch Clare,

John Folliot, Williams, T ho-

" mas Nnvnham, William Wheeler''

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title' be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower James Batson and Edward Buckley Esquires, Testamentary Guardians of the Person and Ellate of EdwctrdPery Buckley, an Infant, to grant I^ases of the Estate of Pery Buckley, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bailer, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expence of building Ships in the King’s Yards, and those built for the Royal Navy in the Merchants Yards, together with the Account of repairing fuel) Ships in such Yards respectivelyj distinguishing each Rate.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is prelcrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to whom Baldwyn’i

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, both Freehold and Leasehold, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Baldwyn, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now subsisting, with, regard to the said Freehold settled Estate, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do ctyry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hash agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reinvesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Stafford, late the Estate of Robert Esquire, deceased, in the several Persons now in being, and for such Estates as they are severally entitled under the Will of the said Robert Barbor-, and for enabling James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join in such Conveyances as shall be necessary for those Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Da (lari to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Children, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murdering of Ballard Children; and for more effectually preventing the Concealment of the Deaths of such Children, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tttefday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made Yesterday, " That the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, " Wastes, or Commons, and Two Parcels of Ground, " called The Intack or Cow Pasture and Shaw Wood, in the Parish of Saint Oj'zvald, and Manor of in

" the County I’alatioc of Du; and for extinguiili-Voi.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth be added to the Geil- Rob In for/* tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a w*!1. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Edmund Jenir.gs, Samuel Bofworib, Maurice Griffiths, Graham Frank, and William Francis Bicker ton, Trustees appointed by Power of Attorney from the Executors of the Will of ChriflcpherRobinfon, of the Colony and

« Dominion

764

15° Mali.

minion of Virginia> Esquire, for several of the Purposes of the said Will.

Roytton An ingyofled Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Indofore. Commons, or Moors, within the Township or Royfion, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Moors, within the Township of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George dp carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Sqmlchrc’* Colonel Luttrellreported from the Committee, to (Middlesex), whotn the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of ireets. tl,e Poor, within that Part of the Parish of Sepulchre, which' is in the County of Middlesex; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and Open Passages, and Places, within the same, and for removing Annoyances therefrom; and for making the Communication between Charterhouse Square and Saint John Street, through Charterhouse , more convenient, was committed, and to whom the Petition of several of the Occupiers of Houses, and other Buildings, in a Lane called Charterhouse Lane, in that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which lies in the County of j

and also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Houses, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchwhich lies in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout> and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

African Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Company. Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Election of Committee Men, for managing the Affairs of the African Company, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly >

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Claul’e was offered to be added to the Bill, that at the Meetings for Election of Committee Men, the Clerk or Secretary shall keep an Account of the Voters Names.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Elettors shall vote only for the Places from whence they trade.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ditto. A Petition of several Merchants, and others, of the

City of London, whole Names are thereunto was presented to the House, find read; Se That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes is depending, for regulating the Election of Men for managing the Affairs of the Africa:, which, if palfed into a Law, will greatly a totally destroy, the Rights of the Petitioners interested in the Election of such Committee therefore praying. That they may be hear Counsel, again, ft l'uch Parts of the said Bill infringe or destroy their Rights, or that the such other Relief in the Premises as to the seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition to lie upo: until the said be read the Third Time; a Petitioner.- ce }!;.(» 1 card, by their Counsel, said Bill, upon their Petition, ii they think lit Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be ! same Time, in favour of the said Bill, agai Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the 1 upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said 1

then Logrolled.

Resolved, Nervine eontr That an ht dress be presented to His Majesty, That 1 graefously plealed to confer same Dignity in t upon, the Reverend Doctor Lug, Ckr.-House.

Ordered, That the id Address he prefen

Majesty, by such Members of thh House as Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ii amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Queen Anne, for preventing Frauds in the D Salt, so far as relates to the Places limited f Salt: And that Sir IViHiaMeredith and Mi do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Esquire

fented to- the House, and read; Setting fc at the last Election of a Member to l'erve meat for the Borough of in the Coun

puall, John Williams, Esquire, and the Petiti Candidates; and that Mr. John Hill, the Officer of the said Borough, behaved with Partiality, in favour of the said John IVi admitted several Persons to vote for him no Right so to do, and rejected One P offered to poll for the Petitioner; by which, unwarrantable Proceedings, a pretended M. been procured in favour of the said join contrary to Law and Justice, and in manit of the Petitioner, who had a fair and clear 1 legal Votes, and ought to have been rcturi said Borough accordingly: And therefore ] House to take his same into Consideration, him such Relief as to the House shall leer reasonable.

A Motion was made, and the Question pefed. That the said Petition be taken into tion upon this Day Fortnight, at One of tin the Afternoon;

The House was moved, That the Entry ii of the House, of the 27th Day of January Proceedings of the House upon the Petitio Buller, Esquire, complaining of an undue i Return for the Borough of Callington, in the Cornwall, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be rr Question, by leaving out the Word " Forti inferring the Words " Three Weeks," infteai

And the Question being put, That the W< " night" stand Part of the Question;

12 Geo. III. 150

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Three " Weeks" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon this t)ay Three Weeks, the 5th Day of June next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Notices were sent to Thomas , jhaiv, Esquire, and John Esquire, in;

pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the '!Oth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign,'

’ to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mercurii, 15° die Mali 1772.

Ordered, That Thomas Brad/haw, Esquire, do,. by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House, upon this Efay Three Weeks, the 5th Day of June next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Cl. Dom. Com.

Thomas Brad/haw, Esquire, having this Day presented his Petition, complaining, That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Cornwall, John Williams, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; that Mr. John Hill, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, behaved with the utmost Partiality in favour of the said John Williams, and admitted several Persons to vote for him who had no Right so to do, and rejected One Person who offered to poll for the Petitioner; by which, and other unwarrantable Proceedings, a pretended Majority hath been procured in favour of the said John Williams, contrary to Law and Justice and in manifest Wrong of the Petitioner, who had a fair and clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough accordingly; and the House having appointed this Day Three Weeks, the 5th Day of June next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Confederation, you are therefore to take Notice, That the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, the Fifteenth Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

Fl" Norton, Speaker.

To Thomas Bradjliaw, Esquire.

The like Notice to John Williams, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Kcmcy’s Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom ulUte. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates and unsettled Estates of John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust, by Sale or Mortgage, to raise Money, to pay off Portions and Debts, and redeem Annuities charged upon and affecting the fame; and for refettling the Remainder thereof, and Lands to be purchased, as in the said Act is directed., Vol. 33.

to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now (land settled and limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hathagreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectually securing Oak Timber; sufficient Quantities of Oak Timber, for the Use of the Royal Navy, be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment! House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolvt jtself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bunting's vesting divers Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold, Eft»te. Estates, late of Edmund Bunting, Elizabeth Bunting, and Tomlinson Bunting, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Incumbrances, and Legacies, charged upon and affecting the fame, and other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Game; Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty> intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

9l

V

7 66

18° Maii.

yi. i

St.Pancras

(Middlesex)

Streets.

Luncs, 18° die Maiii

Anno i2* Georgii III"'Regis, 1772.

Pray ers.

/^tOlonel Fitzroy reported from the Committee, to,) V___< whom the Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, water-

ing, and watching, the Streets and other Public Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint , in the County of Middlesex, as lies West of Tottenham Court Road, and also lb much of the said Road, within the said Parish, as lies South of Chapel Street; and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of that Part of the said Road lor the future, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within the Limits aforesaid; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Surrey An ingrossed Bill to extinguish the Right of Common House of upon an Acre of Ground, called White Lion, or /<Prrea,0» man's Aire, in Saint George's Fields, in the County of ' fields.*)* S Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act toextinguilli the Right of Common upon an Acre of Ground, called W/rite Lion, os Hangman's Acre, in Saint George's Fields, in the county of .

Ordered, That Sir Francis Fincent dp carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Critfdiowell, An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and alter-&c- ing, the Roads leading from Crickhowell, in the County Roads. of Brecon, to the Cross Hands, beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross; and from a Place called the Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of Saint, Maughans, to the Town of in the County of Monmouth, and from a Smith’s Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of to

fine, in the same County; and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of

ford, to Ponttanajl, in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and altering, the Roads leading from Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross; and from a Place called the Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of Saint Maughans, to the Town of Grofmount, in the County of Monmouth; and from a Smith’s Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of llanvyhangel, to Chapel-a-fine, in the same County; and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to Ponttanajl, in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wigmore An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, Iodofure. and improving, certain Common Woods and Moor

Lands, within the Borough and Parish of County of Hereford, was read the Thitd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.: And that be. An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting, proving, certain Common Woods and Mo* within the Borough and Parish of IVigmoi County of Hereford. "'

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore do carry the I Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and e: srovisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Y< Reign of his late. Majesty King George the Se tituled. An Act to explain aClause in an Act, the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Que^nAnne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestan relates to the Children of the natural-born Sc the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass-: And that be. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Maj George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the 1 . her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Protestants, which relates to the Children of t ral-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bil. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Manufacturers of L other Traders, in and near the Town of Che/kan County of Bucks, was presented to the House, ar Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend made in the Seventh Year of His present Majestituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Dufi< Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the A! to be made in respect of the prompt Payment Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, A other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and ing several Acts of Parliament relating to F Coaches and Chairs, so far as the same relates to ney Coaches; and Setting forth. That, if the 1 pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be preyer. the future from going to London, on the Ou Stage Coaches, which has been the usual Way Petitioners travelling; and that the Inside Carriage by Means thereof, greatly increased; and that tl tioners will not be able, on account of the Expe carry on their Trade in the Manner they have be to do, to the great Injury, if not total Ruin, of n the Petitioners and their Families: And therefore] the House, to take their same into Consideratioi that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and bitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the Cou Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscrib Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and bitants of Wolverhampton, in the County of Si whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Bel themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and bitants, of the Town of in the County 0

ford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and bitants, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of cefier, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on of themselves and others;

Were also severally presented to the Houft read; likewise taking Notice of the salt and Setting forth, That the Petitioners t formed, it is intended by the said Bill, th;

A

12 Geo. III. 18° Mail.

Mailers of Stage Coaches are to be restrained from carrying Outside Passengers; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that any such Rellraint upon the Owners of Stage Coaches mull greatly tend to the Prejudice of the Trade of the said Towns in particular, and also become exceedingly injurious to the Commerce of the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against any Clause, or Clauses, in the said Bill, tending to restrain the Owners of Stage Coaches from carrying Outside Passengers; and that no such Clause, or Clauses, may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and such of the Petitioners who pray to be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, are then to be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the Petitions upon which Counsel is ordered to be heard.

Rob'tnfon’s Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inrolling, in the Court of Chancery in Great Britain, an Exemplification of the Will of

topher Robinson, late of the Colony of Virginia, in America, deceased, to be made under the Provincial Seal of the said Colony; and for making Copies of such Inrolment Evidence in Great Britain and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sinking Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-"od‘ der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year 1772: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tea: ’ Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-Exportation. der, a Bill for granting a Drawback of Part of the Customs upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America; for altering the Drawback upon Foreign Sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation of Britisi-madeCordage; for allowing the Importation

of Rice from the British Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to Foreign Parts; and to impower the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate, required by Law upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have been lent into the Country for Sale: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lazarets. Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establishment of Lazarets: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jekyll’s Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-Debt to the der, a Bill to enable the Lords of the Treasury todif-

Crown. charge the Executors of Lady Annand the Re-

presentatives of the late Sir Jekyll, from a Debt

due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Vol. 33.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Trade der, a Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in rela- (Ireland.) lion to the Trade carried on between Great Britain and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Stamp der, a Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds ^u:,e’» in the Stamp Duties upon Vellum,. Parchment, Paper, and Cards: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- ^ua’w*c’ der, a Bill to continue several Laws, relating to the Expiring. Landing of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland-, and to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Dnk«of to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An *

Act for vesting the legal Estate and Interest of and in certain Freehold Lands at Adderbury, in the County of

Oxjord, now veiled in Charles T, Esquire, an Infant Trustee, in the Moll noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, and his Heirs, and in certain Copyhold Lands in Kenneth Mackenzie, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust for the said Duke, and his Heirs, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom Doke of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grafton’* for vesting in the Moll noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, and his Heirs, the Manor, or reputed Manor and ReClory and Parsonage Appropriate of Potterjpury, otherwise Eafljpury, in the County of Northampton (except the Prelentation to the Advowson of the Church there) and certain Messuages, Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments, situate and arising in the same County, the Estate of Robert Brydges, Esquire, a Lunatic; and for vesting in Thomas Hancox, Esquire, and his Heirs, a certain Wood and Wood Land, called Harwell, otherwise Dowell Wood, in the County of Gloucester, also

the Estate of the said Lunatic, on Payment, by the said

Duke

Etrl of Caiiifle’a Eflato.

Bidet's

Estate.

Rollc’s

Marriage

Settlements.

Pulteney'i

Estate.

768 18° Mali. A. 1

Duke and Thomas Hancox, of their respectite Purchase Money, in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as in the said Act is mentioned, was committed; That (lie Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hitn to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower certain Persons to enfranchise several Customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Brampton, Far lam, Upper Denton, Nether Denton,

kin, Irthing ton, Laverjdale, Newby, Ajkerton, War ton

IVlod, Troddermain, Hay ton cum , Castle,

Carrock, Cumrew, Blackenthwaite, and Newbiggin, within the Barony or reputed Barony of in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Carlisle, deceased, and settled to certain Uses by the Will of the said Henry Earl of Carlisle-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Arid the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.'

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veft in the Trustees named in the Will of Francis Bajfet, Esquire, deceased, such Powers of leafing and granting Sets of, and on, the Estates comprized in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of John Pendarves Bajfet, Esquire, deceased, as by the said Settlement were given to the Trustees therein named, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Philips do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Rolle, Esquire, and Judith Maria rond, Spinster, to make Settlements on the Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective Minorities, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1 An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for giving further Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by this " Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds, 7

" in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of " for the Purpose of making certain Roads a " to and from a free Bridge by them intend " built over the River Avon, in the said -Cout " also to impower the Persons in Possession of " Estates, for the Time being, under the said " grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in " Manor; and likewise to enable the said Tr 11 grant certain Grounds and Springs of Wute " the said Manor of Bathw to the Mayor, A

" and Citizens, of Bath; and for extending tl " diction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and " over Part of the said Manor of " other Purposes therein mentioned;" artd for< the Powers of Leafing given-by the said Act to Ions therein named; and for other Purposes; w Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. i Mr. Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Af at Five of the Clock, in thf Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for vesting in His Majesty certain I-ments at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, ing to Catharine Viscountess Fitzzvilliam, and Lease from the Crown; and for veiling the Free! Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold taments at Richmond aforesaid, in Trustees a Heirs, in Trull for the said Catharine Viscounti william, as a Part of the Compensation for th and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Co of the whole House.;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Da; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whol< upon the said Bill.

Mr. Montagu reported from the Committee, I the Bill for building One or more new Chi Churches, and providing Burial Places thereto the Town of Birmingham, in the County of H was committed; and to whom the Petition of Tennant, Esquire, was referred; That the Co had heard the Petitioner, by his Counsel; and I mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the be true; and that the Parties concerned had gn Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of th mittee; and that the Committee had gone thro Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto they had directed him to report to the House: read the Report in his Place; and afterwards c the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Where the Amendments were Once read thro and then a Second Time, One by One; and, u Question severally put thereupon, several of th disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendment of them, agreed to by the House; and several ments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendm ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, for naturalizing Paul Pour tales and Francis Gabriet Muller, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir While Ridley, Mr. Phipps, See.: And they are this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the S Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, for Sale of One Undivided Fourth Part of the ] Imerleith, lying in the County of , and

Undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of Dai in the County of Berwick, being Parts of the

i2 Geo. III. 18® Mail. 769

Estate of Colonel James Cathcart, deceased; and for purchasing other Lands and Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, upon the same Persons, and to the like Uses and Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bo committed to Sir Alexander Gilmour Mr. Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Countess of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *EfhteS ^or vc^nS ^ie Manor of East Lavanly and divers te# Messuages and Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Sussex y intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Mary late Countess Dowager of Derby, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hot bam, Mr. Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

inSrossed Bill from ^ie k°rds> intituled, An Act Ae' for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, Part of the settled Estate of John Buttock, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be fetrled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrelly Mr. Gascoyney See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bankrupts Mr. Morton presented to the House, according to (Laws Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in Wf)Uin^ the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts: And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carters, An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation of Carters, &c* Carriages, and loaded Horses, and for removing Obstruc-Scotland. tions ancj Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, and loaded Horses, and for removing Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Staimon, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the &c. Common and Waste Grounds, and Open and Com-Indoiure. mon Fields, within the Townships or Hamlets of Great and Little Siaintony Neivbiggin, and Great Blencoioy in the Barony of Greyfloek, in the County of Cumberlatidy was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 39.I. 14. After " to" to insert c< affect the Lord " or Lords of’

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields, within the Townships or Hamlets of Great and Little Staintony Nezvbiggingy and Great Blencow, in the Barony of Grey-Jlocky in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Musgrave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 33. x

Mr. Baldiuyn reported from the Committee, to whom Severn the Bill for making and keeping in Repair, a Road, or Rowing Passage, for Horles, on the Banks of the River Severny at between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called Meadow Wharfy at Coalbrookdally for haling and drawing Vessels aiong the said River; and for making Compensation to the Owners of Lands, for as much Ground as may be necessary for that Purpose, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Jane Brownty Widow, was referred; That the Committee had coqfidered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had, directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for establishing a Lottery, and for other Lottery Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Rcfo/vedy That the Bill be committed.

Rtfolvedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thin flay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, that the Certificates to be received by the Subscribers of any Principal or Capital Stock or Three Pounds ‘per Centum Annuities, pay b'e at tee South Sea House, shall be made out, by the Cashier or Accomp-tant General of the South Sea Company, and shall be paid at the South Sea House; at the 'Times, and in the Manner, directed with rupee: to the nuking out and paying of Certificates at the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from Supply* the Committee of the whole House, to v, Horn it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

\\ here the same were read: and are as followeth; viz.

Refo!vedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to reward Daniel Peter Layardy Doctorof Physic, for his Advice and Assistance in carrying into Execution a Plan, for preventing the spreading of the infectious Difordet among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion ot tins Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid as a Compensation to Edmund Hilly for the Lois he will sustain by discontinuing the Use of Pestles in making Gunpowder at his Mills upon Hcunfozv Heath, in case it shall be found necessary f -r the Public Security to prohibit the Use of such Peltics.

The said Resolutions being fevernliy read a Second Time, were, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

j

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Vessell.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Savoy for settling and determining what Parts of the Precinct I’recinfb. of 77;.’ Savoy, in the County of M.v, Hull be under the Survey of the Court ot Exchequer, and w hat Parts thereof under the Survey of the Duchy of Ls.y.ajicr; without any Amendment: And a!so.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

9 K. for

770

18° Mail. A. 17

F.Iy House, for veiling Ely House, in Holborn, in His Majesty, His rebuiMioir ^e^rs an^ Successors; and for applying the Purchase Money, with another Sum therein mentioned, in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece of Ground in Dover and in the building and fitting up another House thereon, for the future Resider.ce of the Bishops of Ely, and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Christchurch The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^Streets*^for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Hews, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of

church, in Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane, as are not within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

Whitechapel The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (Middlesex) for repealing certain Provisions in Two AftsofParlia-3oads. nient} f0 far as the same relate to repairing the Highways in the Parish of Saint Mary otherwise

Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex-, and for railing Money for repairing the said Highways; without any Amendment: And also,

Church The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act

’ for amending.and rendering moreefteftual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of l lis Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring " the present Parish Church a Chapel, for making a " Coemetery or Church-yard, and for building an House " for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint " Mary le Bone, in the County of without

any Amendment: And also,

Maidenhead The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridge. for building a Bridge over the River , near the

Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

Wolverhamp- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act t°n,*c* to continue the Term, and vary the Powers, of so much 0 of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton District of Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

Lancheder, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c. for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, Inclosure. cal|e(l Hamjleels Moor, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of; without

any Amendment: And also,

Inclosure The I-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Laneham, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Cardi on A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the &c7 Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in Road. . the present Turnpike Road between and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge; and for continuing a

Road from thence to the great Northern Road near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ca.T. c. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 12. To leave out " the said Justice?

" commit the said Offender t " Common Gaol of the Coui " Place, for the Space of T Calendar Months, thereto r " without Bail or Mainprize, insert " he shall forfeit and j " Court the Sum of 50. ;: " case he shall neglect or ref " to pay the said Sum of " shall be committed to the " mon Gaol or House of Com " for such County, Riclir " Place, for the Space c " Calendar Months, or unt " same shall be paid" i thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Qu put thereupon, agreed toby the House; and ti: was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, A: for better Preservation of the Game, within that 1 Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the I the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H upon the Bill for encouraging the Manufactu leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon th portation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bari exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time, be now

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Comm:

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, Tha had gone through the Bill, and made several A: ments thereunto; which they had directed him 1 port, when the House will please to receive the ft

Ordered, That the Report be received To-m Morning.

Sir William Meredith presented to the House, ac ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in tin Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for preventing I in the Duties upon Salt, so far as relates to the ] limited for refining Salt: And the same was rec« and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the 1 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 upon the Bill for the better Regulation of the Act the East India Company, and of their Servants in and for the due Administration of Justice in Bog now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question bein< That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, {?lr }

’ I Mr.: J

T Mr. Thomas, Tovenfend,

Tellers for the Noes,< Junior,

I Mr. Cornwall:

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

Then the House refoived itself into the said mittee.

12 Geo. III. 18° — 190 Mail. 771

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the City of London; and of Four-fifth Farts or Shares

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee. of a Plantation in the Island of Barbados, in the

And the Committee having been told, and Forty; and of Two Shares of the Neiv River Water

Members not being present; Works; and of an Annual Rent of One thousand

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Pounds issuing out of the Revenues of the Poll Office,

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and devised by the Will of Thomas Esquire, de-

Forty Members not being present; and it being then ceased; and all'o of a Manor and divers Messuages, after Four of the Clock; Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, with- Suffolk, and Gloucester, comprized in the Settle-

out a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morn- ments executed upon the Marriage of Stephen ing, Ten of the Ciock. Esquire, deceased; and also of divers Messuages, Lands,

and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk,

Martisy 190 Mali \

Anno 120 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772, Prayers,

Pearce’s ^r[ce rcPorte^ from the Committee, to whom

jkflate. IV-A the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Elizabeth Pearce, Widow, deceased, and William Hall, Esquire, otherwise Pearce, her elded Son, in Trustees, #to be fold, for Payment of the Portions of her younger Children, and other Incumbrances; and for settling other Part of her Estates to the same Uses; and for other Purposes, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the iame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of tile Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered That jVIr^ Price do carry the Bill to the I — orefs; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to w7jorn the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An for vesting in Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet, and y Heirs, to much of the Manor or Lordship of S/ebun-otherwise Stebunkith, othewife Stepney, in the ^K>unty of Middlesex, Part of the Efrate of the said Sir corge Colebrooke^ as is limited and settled in and by an dt of Parliament, which prill, d in the Second Year of Xve Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third;

for settling oilier Lands and Hereditament in lieu Hereof; and all'o for veiling other settled Estates of the Lo.; d Sir George Colebrooke, in the Counties of and

Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, 'Nsvas committed; That the Committee had examined "<:lxe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Walker s, ^om t^e ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An -£iuw- Act for making a Partition of divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Surrey, and Middlesex, and in Vox.. 33.

Essex, and Surrey, devised by the Will of the said Stephen Skynuer, between the several Persons intitled to the said Estates, according to their respective Interefis therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act j)uke of to enable the Moll noble William Duke of to re onshire’s

grant Reversionary Lc-ases of his Leasehold Estate, in Efote, the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish,&c.: Anil they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Petition of the several Manufacturers of Lace, and Hackney other Traders, in and near the Town of in Ccaches,

the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, lo far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be prevented for the future from going to London on the Outside of Stage Coaches, which has been the usual Way of the Petitioners travelling; and that the Inside Carriage will be, by Means thereof, greatly increased; and that the Petitioners will not be able, on account of the Expence, to carry on their Trade in the Manner they have been used to do, to the great Injury, it not total Ruin, of many of the Petitioners and their Families: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time.

A Nleflage from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- Bill* Bill, chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for

772

>9

Mail

A.

6\afgow*

fee.

Roads.

Ba.Tet’s

ElUte.

Welland for the better Prdervation of the great Bank of the ®aa’c* River Weliaud, from Spalding High through

Co whit. Peak hill, Crowland, and; and for

making and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village or Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of as relates to that Part of the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of , which leads through

the County to the Town of Dumbarton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest in the Trustees named in the Will of Francis Bajj'et, El'quire, deceased, l'uch Powers of lealing and granting Sets of, and on, the Estates comprized in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of John Bajj'et,

Esquire, deceased, as by the said Settlement were given to the Trustees therein named.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal several Acts of Parliament, so far as the same inflict Capital Punishments for certain Offences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbtiry took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Btmbury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year 1772, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Criminal

Laws.

Sinking Fund.

resolve itself into a Committee of the who! upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to t ing of Rum or Spirits, of the Sugar Pli

before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; a further Punishment of Persons going armed or < in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Exci the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Inf< upon Seizures; to the Allowance upon the Ej of British-made Gunpowder; to the giving fu

couragement for the Importation of Nava] St the British Colonies in; to the fu

couraging the Manufacture of British Sail Clj to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Clolli granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Grow duce, or Manufacture, of any of 1 I is Majesty Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships Great Britain, and navigated according to Law free Importation of Cattle from anc

regulating the Fees of Officers of the Custt Naval Officers in America; was read a Second

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Coj of the whole House. \

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow! ing, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the wholi upon the said Bill.

1

A Bill to explain and amend so much of made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late, King George the Second, as relates to the Establi of Lazarets, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cor of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in 1 to the Trade carried on between Great Britain a land, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Con of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tkurfh ing next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of House, upon the said Bill.

Jekyll’s Debt to the Crown.

ay

the

StampDutiet, A Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds, Parchment, in the Stamp Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Paper, &c. antj car(js> was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

A Bill to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Ann Jeky/l, and the Representatives of the late Sir Joseph Jekyll, from a Debt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

A Bill for granting a Drawback of Part Customs upon tire Exportation of 'Pea to the British Dominions in America; for alien Drawback upon Foreign Sugars exported fro: Britain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty Exportation of British-made Cordage; for allow

Importation of Rice from the Plantations

Potts of Bristol, Liverpool, Lane after, and IVhi

for immediate Exportation to Foreign Parts; impower the Chief Magistrate of any Corpora administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate r by Law upon the Removal of certain Goods to which have been sent into the Country for S. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Co: of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thurjch ing next, resolve itself into a Committee ot th House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, itself into a Committee of the whole House, u] Bill for the further Encouragement of the Fishery on the Coasts of the Isle of Man; and viating a Doubt which has arisen, with respect

12 Geo. III*

l9

Mail.

773

allowing the Bounties upon the Brilifi White Herring Fishery in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

ot£ng*s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jilt*- for veiling divers Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold, Estates, late of Edmund Bunting, Elizabeth Bunting, and Tomlinson Bunting, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Incumbrances, and Legacies, charged upon and affecting the fame, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bullock, Mr. Vane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Buckley's

Edate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act toim power James Batson and Edward Buckley Batson, fr-squires, Testamentary Guardians of the Person and inflate of Edward Pery Buckley, an Infant, to grant i — eales of the Estate of Pery Buckley, Esquire, deceased, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Am-er, Mr. Salt, &c.: And they are to meet this

-^Vfternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s CZ^hamber.;

fLan-f*' _ -A. Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Expiring). Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

Second, intituled, An Act toprevent the committing Frauds by Bankrupts, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee °F the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

«~~2lou£e, upon the said Bill.

(Leather} Mr. JDundas, according to Order, reported from the

Jommittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering ^he Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, -when the Price of l'uch Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, £or a. limited Time, was committed, the Amendments -which the Committee had made to the Bill; and -which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queston severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

d*k Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third 'Tin*ber- Reading of the Bill for the more effectually securing sufficient Quantities of Oak Timber, for the Use of the Royal Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill (^being ingrossed) was read the Third Time.

Vol. 33.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4.1. 34. To leave out " sufficient Quantities" and insert " a Quantity" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually securing a Quantity of Oak Timber, for the Use of the Royal Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barbor’* for reinvesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Te- £<late-nements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Stafford, late the Estate of Robert Barbor,

Esquire, deceased, in the several Persons now in being, and for such Estates as they are severally intitled under the Will of the said Robert Barbor; and for enabling James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join in such Conveyances as shall be necessary for those Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Cornwall, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

Colonel Burgoyne, according to Order, reported from Clandestine the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Marnages-to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the said Bill be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yfeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Aubrey

Tellers for the Noes, j £}['

So it passed in the Negative.

34-

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Bastard ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Clul ren" upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled.

An Act to prevent the destroying and murdering of Ballard Children; and for more effectually preventing the Concealment of the Deaths of such Children.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Severn which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill TowingPath. for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road, or Passage, for Horles, on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bevsdley Bridge, and a Place called Meadow Wharf, at Coatbrookdale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for making Compensation to the Owners of Lands, for as much Ground as may be necessary for that Purpose, was committed, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Badgers*

ForestallcrSj

See.

rourtile’

and

Muller's

Nat.

Earl Spencer's and N Duchess of Marlborough’s Estate.

Birmingham

new

Churches.

Innkeepers

>(C'ovcniry) quartering T roops.

774

co° Mail. A. i-

Mercuriiy 20° die Maii

Anno 12* Georgii III. H Regis, 1772. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for remedying the Evils occasioned by the Laws now in being relating to Badgers, Engrossers, Forestallers, and Regrators, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing several Laws therein mentioned, against Badgers, Engrossers, Forestallers, and Regrators; and for indemnifying Persons against Prosecutions for Offences committed against the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing and Francis Gabriel Charles Muller, was committed.

Mr. Ridley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Sutton reported from the ‘Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Manors, Rectories, Ad vow Tons, Meflnages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, Part of the F.state of the Right honourable John Earl Spencer, comprized in, and settled by, the lass Will and Testament, and Codicil thereto, of the Most noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, deceased, and by certain Conveyances executed in pursuance thereof, from the Uses and Trusts declared by the said Will, Codicil, and Conveyances; and for settling other Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committeehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords; and-acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for building One or more new Church or Churches, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for building Two new Chapels, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of tningham, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrodo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Innkeepers 'and Victuallers of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and

read; Complaining of the Hardships which tli tioners alledge they labour under from the Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses: And fore praying. That the House will take this Mat their Consideration, and give the Petitioners fuel therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie up

Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, a habitants of the Town of in the Cot

Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, half of themselves, and others, was presented House. and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year Reign of His pro lent Majesty, intituled, An . altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of AIT and for reducing the Allowance to be made in re the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on I for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable L and for explaining and amending several Acts of ment relating: to Hackney Coaches and Chairs as the same relates to Hackney Coaches; and forth. That the Petitioners are informed, it is in by the said Bill, to restrain Masters of Stage ( from carrying Outside Passengers; and that the P ers apprehend, that any such Restraint upon the of Stage Coaches must greatly tend to the Preji the Trade of this Town in particular, and also exceeding injurious to the Commerce of the Ki in general: And therefore praying, That thi tioners may be heard, by their Counsel, agair Clause or Clauses in the said Bill, tending to recti Owners of Stages Coaches from carrying Outside gers; and that no such Clause or Clautes may pa a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie up Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present 3V intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties Policies of Afl’urance; and for reducing the All< to be.made in respect of the prompt Payment Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, A1 other exciseable Liquors; ard for explainin amending several Acts of Parliament relating to ney Coaches and Chairs, so far the same rel Hackney Coaches, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that no C attended;

The laid Bill (being ingrossed) was read the Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to b< to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 37. To leave out from " notwithstai to the End of the Bill.

The Clauses proposed to be left out were restraining Persons from riding on the T Stage Coaches.

And the Question being put. That the said C Hand Part of the Bill;

It palfed in the Negative.

Whereupon the said Clauses were taken out Bill; Part of the First Clause being erased, ar Remainder, together with the following Clauses cut out of the Bill at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that th< be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made Seventh Yfcar of the Reign of His present Majest tituled. An Act for altering the Stamp Duties Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Alio to be made in respect of the prompt Payment Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ak

11 Geo. III.

20

Mail

775

Excise: prcvcn ting Ir'xaudi.

other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, lb far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the . Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House rel'olved itself into the said Committee.

» Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow -Morning.

S:ampDuti?s: Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

rauds"* *° re^vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for tire more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Stamp Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, Paper, and Cards, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House rel'olved itself into the said Committee. Ad r. Speaker left the Chair.

Adr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

vlr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

ir. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they Lad gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-thereunto; which they had directed him so* report, when the House will please to receive the *brne.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

t OriA ’red, That t lie Order of the Day, for the House rct-olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jpon the Bill to enable the Lords of the Treasury to jJ 'charge the Executors of Lady Anne and the

"^-^presentatives of the late Sir Joseph Jeksli, from a Debt " Vje to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, 111 Payment of the same into the Exchequer, be now

ad.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ik I r . Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ndr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they hud gone through flic Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will* please to receive the Tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow "Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Landing of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; to the Allowance upon 1 lie Exportation of e Gunpowder; to the

firing further Encouragement for the Importation of i’aval Stores from the British Colonies in America-, to Vyt~ Si- '

co t e Crown,

ti oifl’

the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cattle from;

and to the regulatingtlre Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Manx Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Fisheriet. the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Coaffs of the Isle of Man, and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen, with refipedt to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, by several Members in J*uW,c their Places, that they had, during the last Recess of ccot *' Parliament, examined (together with Mr. Speaker) the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and the Repositories in which the same are now kept; and had found one of the said Repositories, viz. The Rolls Chapel, very much out of Repair, and the Records therein in bad Condition, and decaying daily:

And that the rest of the Records were in tolerable good' Preservation, but not disposed and arranged in a Manner to be so useful to the Public as they might be.

And the same being confirmed by Mr. Speaker;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the present Condition of the Records of this Kingdom, the Repositories wherein, and the Manner in which, they are now kept; and that they do forthwith consider of some proper Method, to be immediately taken, to prevent the further Decay of the Records at The Rolls; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn to such Places as they shall judge convenient.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Sir Charles Bnnhury, according to Order, reported Criminal from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Laws. Bill to repeal several Act> of Varliament, so far as the fame

.776 20® — 2i° Mail.

fame inflict Capital Puniflunents for certain Offences, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ballard Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Cmldren. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of the First, intituled,

An Act to prevent the destroying and murdering of Bastard Children; and for more effectually preventing the Concealment of the Deaths of such Children, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning

And the Amendments, made by the Con the said Bill, being severally read a Second T upon the Question severally put thereupon, ag the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to tl prevent Persons or Horses passing on Mrs Wharf without her Permission.

And the said Clause was Twice read j and Question put thereupon, agreed to by the H made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made, by t to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amend; ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow refohre itself into a Committee of the who! upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render n tual, an Act, made in the Seventh and Eight! King tVillkei the Third, intituled, An Act so

ther regulating Elections of Members to serv liament, and for the preventing irregular Pr of Sheriffs and other Officers, in the electing an ing such Members.

And then the House adjourned till T Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 2 I° die Maii;

African Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Company. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for regulating the Election of Committee Men, for managing the Affairs of the African Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel against the Bill was called in, no Counsel appearing for the Bill.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition ot several Merchants, and others, of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the YeK.5fr-^>'fman I

l Lord Lijburne: j

Tellers for the Noe, }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

25-

23*

Anno i2° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772.

Pr A VERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for paving, lighting, c watering, and watching, the Streets public Places, within that Part of the Parish Pancras, in the ’County of Middlesex, as lies Tottenham Court Road, and also so much of Road within the said Parish, as lies South c Street-, and for discharging the Trustees from of that Part of the said Road for the future, u Terms therein mentioned; and for preventing IS and Obstructions within the Limits aforesaid; other Purposes therein mentioned, was read th Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that t be, An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, water watching, the Streets and other public Places such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the of Middlesex, as lies on the West Side of Tottenk Road; and for preventing Nuisances and Obsti therein; and for obliging the Trustees for the the said Road, to pave, repair, and cleanse, such the said Road as is therein described.

Ordered, That Mr. Maeleworth do carry the Bil Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Severn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Towng Path, adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and keeping in Repair a Road, or Passage, for Horses, on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called Meaduiv PVharf, at Coalbrcokdale, for hailing and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for making Compensation to the Owners of Lands, for as much Ground as may be necessary for that Purpose, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

7

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported fn Committee of the whole House, to whom the the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap, Low Win Spirits, was committed; the Amendments whi Committee had made to the Bill, and which th directed him to report to the House; and 1 the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivei Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Where the Amendments were Once read throu, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, up Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to House.

C

ia Geo. III.

21

Mail

111

Jek^U'*

£>rbt

to tk* Crown-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne Jekyll, and the Representatives of the late Sir Joseph 'Jekyll, from a Debt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Stamp Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for *PFr»ndng t*ie more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Stamp T 5*' Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, Paper, and Cards,

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-fion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in^r oiled.

(Pri^emin Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the trait tee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to co irtinue several Laws relating to the Landing of Rum or Sp»irits, from the British Sugar Plantations, before the xrties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further T^unishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in ^efiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the of the Officers of the Customs in Informations "Pon Seizures; to the Allowance upon the Exportation dtiritij/t-meidQ Gunpowder; to the giving further En-^tiragenicnt for the Importation of Naval Stores from JAritiJJi Colonies in America-, to the further en-cJ^fc Vcxraging the Manufacture of Sail Cloth, and to

f*1 Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the grant-lri a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Pro-

— ~ J--1>-> ~ ..> *

or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar ^colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the *rImportation of Cattle from Ireland-, and to the re-^.Valating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval CZ^fficers in America, was committed; the Amendments Xssrf Yiicii the Committee had made to the' Bill, and which tLey had directed him to report to the House; and he teacl the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered t.Y»e Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon *V»e Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by fcYic House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

jUgroli'ed.

fcaftard

Sir Charles Banbury, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the B'll to repeal an Acb, palfed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act. to prevent the destroying and murdering of Ballard Children; and for more effectually preventing the Concealment- of the Deaths of such Children, was com-Vol. 33.

milled, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal several Acts of Parliament, so far as the same inflid Capital Punishments for certain Offences, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal several Acts of Parliament, so far as the same inflict Capital Punishments for certain Offences.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 'to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a Lottery, and for other ‘ Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow . Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Yearot the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establishment of Lazarets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the Trade carried on between Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left f he Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hoyfe will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That .-the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

9 M Ordered,

Criminal

Laws.

Lottery

Bill.

Lazarets*

Trade

with

Ireland.

778

iC Main i

Tea: Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exportation. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting a Drawback of Part of the Customs upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America; for altering the Draw-

back upon Foreign Sugars exported from Great Bri-, tain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; for allowing the Importation of Rice from the British Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to Foreign Parts; and to impower the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate required by Law upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have been sent into the Country for Sale, be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinfott took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report., when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Manx An ingrossed Bill for the further Encouragement of Fishencs. Herring Fishery on the Coasts of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen, with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Coasts of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen, with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Koyai A flint a Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -

Bm* neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two:

An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales:

An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Cora, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty:

An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a limited Time:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Mem-

bers and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Towns, whole Admissions have been omittc stamped, according to Law, or, having been have been loft, or mislaid, and for allowing the to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to j ther Time to such Persons as have omitted and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indei Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act for enabling Their Majesties to er Copyhold Lands, holden of the Manor of Rid the County of Surrey; and for enabling His M (hut up a Lane, leading from Richmond River Thames-, and to fell and exchange certaii within the Manors of Richmond and

An Act for settling and determining what Pa Precinct of The Savoy, in the County be under the Survey of the Court of Excheq what Parts thereof under the Survey of the ] Lancaster:

An Act for vesting Ely House, in Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and for apf Purchase Money, with another Sum therein m in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece of G Dover Street, and in the building and fitting u House thereon, for the future Residence of th of Ely, and the Surplus to the Benefit of the for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the or Remainder in Fee Simple, now veiled in jesty, of and in an Annual or Fee Farm Rcr hundred and Thirteen Pounds, One of the li Farm Rents granted to the Right honourable heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by his late Maj Charles the Second, unto the honourable bald Stuart, and his Heirs, upon a full and Consideration to be given by him or his He fame:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, pal Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Maj tuled, " An Act for taking down and removi Lighthouses now Handing near the Spurn a the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting " and convenient Lighthouses inllead thereof: An Act for building a Temporary Bridge, River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle and Gateshead, in the County of Durham:

An Act for building a Bridge over the Riv< near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth "Y Reign of His present Majesty, for building a V in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, v City of Westminster, in the County of

An Act for completing a Building, inten new Church, or Chapel, at Richmond, near E the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and for o poses:

An Act for amending and rendering more e: Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majest intituled, "An Act for building a new Pari 11 " and declaring the present Parish Church a C " making a Cemetery or Church-yard, and so " an House for the Use of the Minister of th< " Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middh.

An Act for repealing certain Provisions in of Parliament, so far as the same relate to re[ Highways in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfel wile Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex raising Money for repairing the said Highways An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, wate regulating, the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lane and other public railages and Places, within t of Christ Church, in Middlesex j and for remov fances and Obstructions therefrom, and prevei like for the future; and for paving and r such Parts of Brisk Lane, as are not within Parish:

12 Geo. III. 2i° Mail 770

An Act for draining and preferring certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of Market Weigh* ton, and other adjacent Parishes, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Navigable Cut* or Canal* from Market Weight on, to the River Hum-ber:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River in Downhani Market, to the Queen’s , and from the Chequer Inn in Downham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile C/ofein the Parish of , and towards Walton, to a Place Called the s in

the County of Norfolk and for (topping up the Road leading from Stradfet, through Barton towards

Wat ton:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint *

ditch, in the County of Mid: An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from through

Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, and

from Woutage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Half-penny Lane, to the Old Red Hottfe, upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lam-bourn, in the said County of Berks

An Act to continue the Term, and vary the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton District of Roads:

An Act for the better Preservation of the great Bank t be River Welland, from Spalding High Bridge, through CoTn^bit, Peakhill, Croivland, and Peakirk; and for mak-and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from the: nee to the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of D*<oln and Northampton:

-An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlaige Powers, of lo much of Two Acts, made in the 'Ywv'onty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of King George Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the Qyity of Glasgow, as relates to that Part of the Road the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, leads through the County to the Town of ter* on:

_ -<^\n Act for vesting in the Most noble Augustus Henry "^Re of Grafton, and his Heirs, the Manor, or reputed

^nor, and Rectory and Parsonage Appropriate, of ro^ffrjgnery, otherwise Eafijpury, in the County of North-a?*^>ton fexcept the Prelentation to the Advowson of Church there) and certain Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Hereditaments, situate and arising in the same Ci^>vmty, the Estate of Robert Brydges, Esquire, a Luna-tv mr 5 and for vesting in Thomas Hancox, Esquire, and h Vs Heirs, a certain Wood and Woodland, called Dar-otherwise Dowell Wood, in the County of also the Estate of the said Lunatic, on Payment, by the said Duke and Thomas H,of their respective Pur-cY»afe Money, in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as io the said Act is mentioned:

An Act for vesting the legal Estate and Interest of and certain Freehold Lands at in the County of Oxford, now veiled in Charles Townshend, Esquire, an Xnfant Trustee, in the Moll noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, and his Heirs, and in certain Copyhold Lands in Renneth Mackenzie, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trull for the said Duke, and his Heirs:

An Act to enable the Right honourable John Earl of Sandwich, and the honourable John Montagu, commonly called Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, and the Survivor of them, to grant Leases of the Counufs of Sandwich's Vpl. 33.

Moiety of Estates, in the Counties of and

Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland:

An Act to impower certain Persons to enfiranchife several Customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Brampton, Farlam, Upper Den-Ion, Nether Denton, Talkin, Irthi, Laverfda/e, Newby, AJkerton, Warton Wood, Troddermain, Hayton cum Carlatlon, Castle, Carrock, Cumrew, Blackenthwaite, and Newbiggin, within the Barony, or reputed Barony, of Giljland, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Car life, deceased, and settled to certain Uses by the Will of the said Henry Earl of Carli/le-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting in Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet* and his Heirs, so much of the Manor or Lordship of Stebunheath, otherwise Stebunhith, otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the Estate of the said Sir George Colebrooke, as is limited and settled in and by an Act of Parliament, which passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; and also for veiling other settled Estates of the said Sir George Colebrooke, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Edward Shelley, Esquire, to cut down and fell Timber, upon the settled Estates of the said Edward Shelley, in the County of Sussex; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchaseof Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled-to the Uses of the said Will, and other Purposes:

An Act to enable the Governors, and Assistants to the said Governors, in the Rule and Government of the Pof, sessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of Elizabeth Queen of England, in the Town of Asheburne, in the County of Derby, in their Corporate Capacity; and the said Governors and Assistants, as Trustees of Six Alms Houses in Asheburne aforesaid, founded and endowed by Christopher Pegg, Esquire, deceased, to convey certain Lands and Poflessions of the said School and Alms Houses respectively, in the Parishes of Wingerworth and Ashover, in the said County, to Henry Gladwyn, of Wingerworth, in the said County, Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands, in the Parish of Brailsford, in the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trulls therein mentioned;

An Act for impowering and enabling the Trustees, named in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Daniel Danvers, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, to make Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, vested in them upon divers Trulls, mentioned in the said Settlement; and to lay out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in such Manner as the said Leasehold Estates Hand settled;

An Act for vesting a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in Lothbury, within the City of London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing another Messuage, or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Halhed, Esquire, in the County of Hein Trustees, in Trull,

to sell and convey the same to James King, Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase^ of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses:

An A<d for enabling Henry Blundell, Esquire, Tenant for Life under Settlement, to cany into Execution Articles of Agreement, between him and the Right honour? able the Earl of Sefton, for the Exchange of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, comprized in such Settlement, for other Mefihages, Lands, and Hereditaments, of the said Earl; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An

780 Zi° Mail A.

An Act to enable the Guardians of the Infant Cliil- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open dren of the honourable Mary Sandys, deceased, to make Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, and Leases of their settled Estates in England and Irelan, Pasture called The Cow , in the Paril during their respective Minorities: , in the County of York:

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estate of Henry An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, Smith, Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of ing, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, anc Money to the Relief of his poor Kindred; and to enable Commons, in the Township and Parish of Ter the said Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate, the North Riding of the County of in the Parish es of Ketiftngton, Chelsea, and Saint Martin An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open

in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex: mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Me.

An Act to impower William Hulton, Esquire, to Common and Waste Grounds, within the I charge his settled Estates in the County of Lancaster, or Parish of Heath, otherwise He the in the ( feme Parts thereof, with One thousand Two hundred Oxford-, and for exonerating certain Lands Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, for the Purposes to William Fermor, Esquire, from Tithes anc therein mentioned; and also to grant Leases of certain Common:

Parts of his said Estates: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Com

An Act for vesting the Manors, Lands, and Tene- and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of ments, both Freehold and Leasehold, comprized in the the County of Warwick:

Marriage Settlement of Charles Baldivyn, Esquire, in An Act for dividing and inclosing the Oper

Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money Fields, Meadow Grounds, and other Commons arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and within the Parish of Achurch, in the

Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are Northampton:

now subsisting with regard to the said Freehold settled An Act for dividing and inclosing the Co, Estate: Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands,

An Act for vesting the settled Estates and unsettled Grounds, in in the County of

Estates of Joh)t Gardner Kenuys, Esquire, in Trustees, in An Act for dividing and inclosing several Trust, by Sale or Mortgage, to raile Money, to pay off Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grout Portions and Debts, and redeem Annuities charged upon mon Pastures, and other Commonable Plac and afiefting the fame; and for refettling the Remain* Township of Blockley, and Hamlets of D, der thereof, and Lands to be purchased as in the said Paxford, in the Parish of Blockley, and Coun Act is directed, to the Uses to which the said settled

Estates do now stand settled and limited: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open

An Act to vest in the Trustees named in the Will of mon Field, Downs, and Commonable Lands, Francis Bajfet, Esquire, deceased, such like Powers of Manor and Parish of inti

Leafing and granting Sets of, and on, the Estates com- of

prized in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of John An Act for dividing and inclosing the Pendarves BaJJ'et, Esquire, deceased, as by the said Set- Common Fields, Meadows, and other Co element were given to the Trustees therein named: Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish j

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Eliza- of King's Ripton, in the County of Huntingdon beth Pearce, Widow, deceased, and William Hall, Esquire, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inc'

otherwise Pearce, her eldest 'Son, in Trustees, to be sold. Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, for Payment of the Portions of her younger Children, Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, tl and other Incumbrances; and for settling other Part of Parish, and Liberties, of Wing, in the Ccunl her Estates to the same Uses; and for other Purposes: land:

An Act for making a Partition of divers Manors, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Corr Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several and certain other Commonable Places, and 0| Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Surrey, and Middle- within the Parish of Kir I on, in the Parts of 1 sex, and in the City of London -, and of Four-fifth Parts the County of Lincoln: or Shares of a Plantation in the Island ot Barbadoes, in An Act for dividing and inclosing the Corr

'the West Indies; and of Two Shares in the New River Open Fields, and certain other Comtnonab

Water Works; and of an Annual Rent of One thousand belonging to, and in the Parish of Wigiojt, in t . Pounds issuing out of the Revenues of the Poll Office, of Lincoln:

deviled by the Will of Thomas Walker, Esquire, deceased; An Act for dividing and inclosing the Con: and also of a Manor and divers Messuages, Lands, and Common Marsh, and other Commonable Plac Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk Essex, the Parish of Sutter ton in the County of and Gloucester, comprized in the Settlements executed An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain upon the Marriage of Stephen Skynner, Esquire, de- Common, called Hamfteels Moor, within the ] ceased; and also of divers Messuages, Lands, and Here- Manor of Lanchrfter, in the County Palatini ditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex, and ham

Surrey, deviled by the Will of the said Stephen Skynner, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Op between the several Persons entitled to the said Estates, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Gi According to their respective Interests therein: the Parish of in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of St Esquire, with Gwyn, his now Wif Prior, in the County of Worcffler: enable him to marry again; and for other

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the therein mentioned:

Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed An Act for naturalizing

Grounds, within the Township of Would Newton, in the An Act for naturalizing Paul Pour tales an

East Riding of the County of York: Gabriel Charles Muller.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Gumley, in . An ingrossbd Bill for the better Relief and the County of Leicester: ment of the Poor, within that Part of the Paril

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Sepulchre, which is in the County of Middi mon.Field, and.Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, Ter- for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, am ritories, and Precincts, of Astrop, in the Parishes of King's ing, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Cour Sutton and Neivbottle, in the County of Northampton: and Open Passages and Places, within the 1

z

ta Geo. III.

4i°

781

fcttilding* and Party W^Ms.

for removing Annoyances therefrom fc and for making the Communication between Charterhouse Square and

Saint John Street, through Charterhouse „ more convenient, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Hill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of* the Poor, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Se-fulchre, which is in the county of ; and for

paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating* the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and Open Passages and Places, within the same, and for removing Annoyances therefrom) aid for making the Communication between Charterhouse Square and Saint John Street, through Charterhouse Lane, more convenient.

Ordered, That Colonel Luttrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee* to

whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, within the Cities of and Westminster,

and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Pre-cinfis, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon and Paddington, Saint Pan-eras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing of Mil'chiefs by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places; and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act; and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and *hat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ,n his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Arnendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

O rdered, That the said Report be taken into Confi-

"e Nation Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Shectbridge, from Shectbridge to Portsmouth* and from Horn Dean to &c-

Havant, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Shectbridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Jolliffe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Roads.

Mw thin’s fiflate.

TVTr. Afackvsorth reported from the Committee, to om theingrolfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An for vesting the settled Estates of Humphry Minchin, ~V*3uire, in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom °‘ -frefand, in Trustees, to fell the lame; and for laying OLJt the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fqr the House Bankrupts: to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, G'f'J'* upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in exPirinK-> the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ea

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

m

FT Vie rd '

-tes, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,

intituled, An Act to vest, in Trustees to be sold, certain Estates in the Counties of York, fimoreland, and Lancaster, which belonged to Ann Fenwick, Widow, before her Intermarriage; and for the Relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Petition of Thomas Fenwick, Esquire, referred to the Confederation of the said Committee, and had heard the Petitioner, by his Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Fenwick’s

Mite.

Principality of Wales to be settled to the same s, was committed; That the Committee had examin-and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, cerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any , ri vate Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had p complied with; and that the Committee had exa-

^-^ved the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tc> V>e true; and that the Parties concerned had given Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-ttee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: A nd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Kcfclajcd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to \Yve Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ejeflioui.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, aiul for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

VOL. 27.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

N

1

782

229 Maii,

Veneris, 2 die Maii 5

Anno 12® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1772. Prayefs.

w»ir* OIR Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, Efta,e" U to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Estates, situate in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, upon Trust to sell and dispose of the fame, and invest the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to such of the Ufesof the Will of William deceased, as are now subsisting, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Drapers Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to

Estate'* w^om ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, belonging to the Drapers Company of the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, freed and discharged from certain Charities, to which the same are subject; and for vetting other Estates, belonging to the said Governor and Company of the Bank, in the said Company of Drapers, subject to the before mentioned Charities, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to . the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lloyd’s Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom the

Glebe ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil: Invsftment. jn Walter Lloyd, Esquire, and others, a small Quantity of Ground, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of erdivy, in the County of Pembroke, in Consideration of a certain Yearly Rent thereby secured; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,

without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in

at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Robinson’s A Bill for inrolling, in the Court of Chancery in Will. Great Britain, an Exemplification of the Will of

topher Robin/on, late of the Colony of Virginia in America, deceased, to be made under the Provincial Seal of the said Colony; and for making Copies of such Inrol-2

A. i

ment Evidence in Great Britain-, and forotlic therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mackworth, See.: And they are to Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have L and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Monda next.

Mr. Robit/on, according to Order, reporte Committee of the whole House, to whom establishing a Lottery, and for other Purpc mentioned, was committed, the Amendment Committee had made to the Bill; and whic directed him to report to the House; and Report in his Place; and afterwards deliver with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tal the Amendments were Once read throughout a Second Time, One by One; and, upon th severally put thereupon, were agreed to by th

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amen ingrossed.

Mr. Robin/on, according to Order, reporte Committee of the whol£ House, to whom the plain and amend so much of an Act, made i Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kins Second, as relates to the Establishment of L committed, the Amendments which the Cor made to the Bill; and which they had dire report to the House; and he read the Report i and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the A: in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amcnc Once read throughout; and then a Second T One; and, upon the Question severally put were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amer ingrossed.

Mr. Robin/on, according to Order, report' Committee of the whole House, to whom preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation t< carried on between Great Britain and mitted, the Amendments which the Co: made to the Bill.; and which they had dire report to the House; and he read the Rt Place; and afterwards delivered the Bil Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Amendments were Once read throughout a Second Time, One by One; and, upon t severally put thereupon, were agreed to by t

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Arne ingrossed.

Mr. Robin/on, according to Order, re the Committee of the whole House, to w for granting a Drawback of Part of the C the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, an Dominions in America; for altering tl upon Foreign Sugars exported from Gre Ireland-, for continuing the Bounty on the of British-moAe Cordage; for allowing the of Rice from the Britis’i Plantations intc Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, and Whit the mediate Exportation to Foreign Parts; an the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation the Oath, and grant the Certificate, requi upon the Removal of certain Goods to Losid been lent into the Country for Sale, was cc Amendments which the Committee bad Bill; and which they had directed him the House; and he read the Report in hi afterwards delivered the Bill, with the An at the Clerk’s Table; Where the A me: Once read throughout; and then a Sccor

i a Geo. III. 22° Mali. 783

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Stamp Art ingrossed Bill for the more effectual prevent-tJutirs: ing of Frauds in the Stamp Duties upon Vellum, (Preventing Parchment, Paper, and Cards, was read the Third Fraud!>) Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Stamp Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, Paper, and Cards.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ye’cyll’* An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lords of the Trea-Det>« to the fury to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne

Crown. anc) the Representatives of the late Sir JoJ'ep/i,

from a Debt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne,

from a Debt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating expiring.] *° she Landing of Rum or Spirits, of the Sugar

of^rttations, before the Duties of Excise are paid there-°n 5 and to the further Punishment of Persons, going or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of the Officers of the floms in Informations upon Seizures; to the Al-towance upon the Exportation of made Gun-

P<=>'wder; to the giving further Encouragement for the ,ar* port at ion of Naval Stores from the Bril ifh Colonies Mn -America; to the further encouraging the Manufac-of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on r,<->r^;ign Sail Cloth 5 to the granting a Liberty to carry of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of zr}y~ of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into Fo-rc,^=^n Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navi-according to Law; to the free Importation of from Ireland-, and to the regulating the Fees of ^-^ificers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America, read the Third Time.

"The Amendment following was proposed to be made *0 the Bill; viz.

i*r. 1. 1. ia. To leave out from " fame" to " that" in Pr. 3. I.33.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question T»vat thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill w as amended at the Table accordingly.

R'-Jolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Vie, An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of made Gun-

powder; to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America-, to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Britain,

and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation ot Cattle from Ireland', and to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America,

Ordered, That Mr. carry rS^ Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

VOL. 33.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing Excise t of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise, with respect to (Preventing Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits; was read the Fraod*-) Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap,

Low Wines, and Spirits.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Innkeepers of Manehefier, in the Innkeepers County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, (M»nchester) and read; Setting forth. That, by the great Rife and Troop" Increase in the Price of Corn, Hay, Straw, and other P*

Provisions and Necessaries of Life, the Petitioners are very considerable Losers, by being obliged to receive, and provide for, His Majesty’s Troops and Soldiers at the Pay now allowed by Government for rheir Support:

And therefore praying the House, to take their same into Confederation, and to grant them such Relief as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for making, and keeping in Repair, Severn a Road, or Passage, for Horles, on the Banks of the Towing River Severn, between Bewd/ey Bridge, and a Place called Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for making Compensation to the Owners of Lands, for as much Ground as may be necessary for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17.1. 7. To leave out " is," and insert " may " hereafter be" instead thereof.

Pr. 18.1.19. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " Provided," in Line 27.

I.31. To leave out "pass or repass with" and insert " permit" instead thereof.

I.33. At the End of the Line, to add " to " pass or repass."

And tire said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road, or Passage, for Horses, on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bewd/ey Bridge, and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Bnldwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sinking to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fund* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1772, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it bean lnftrucftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordtrcdy That it be an Instru<ftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown,

and

784 22 Maii. A. 177^.

and to the Sums which should arise by the Sale of the attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the

Ceded Islands, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee;

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Cai-lide, Ordered, That the Order of the t>ay, for receiving &c* the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Road. repairing Qnd widening the Road from Raffles, near the City of Cdrlifle, to and from thence to the

South End of lltmda L; and all'o the Road from I fig! on to Abbey Holme, and from Wigton to Chalkbeck, in the County of Cumberland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Three Months.

A Mcfl'age from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Peeked:

Mr. Speaker,

Russel’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marriage vesting in William Russel, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, Settlement. several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, cortiprized in his Marriage Settlement, discharged from the Uses of the said Settlement; and for settling other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, of the said William Russel, in the County of

wick, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ballard An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Children. Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the dellroying and murdering of Ballard Children; and for more effectually preventing the Concealment of the Deaths of such Children; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the dellroying and murdering of Ballard Children; and for more effectually preventing the Concealment of the Deaths of such Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Lockhart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Milborn Mr. Bacon informed the House, That the Select Port Committee, who were appointed to try and determine Election. tke Merits of the Petition of George Prescott, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Milborn Port, in the County of Somerfel, have determined.

That George Prescott, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborn Port, in the County of Somerset:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That the said George Prescott, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Milborn Port.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do

Return for the Borough of Milborn Port, in the County of Somerset, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of Richard Combe, Esquire, and inferring the Name of George Prescott, Esquire, instead thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjownmm, House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do make the Report from Bankrupts: the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill 'Ls*'’ to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year *xpmr^ of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, was committed.

Mr. Howard accordingly reported from the said Com1 mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place'; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be '

ingossed.

A Petition of Mary Hofey, was preferited to thi House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is E1{|jj0(U now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for having prevaricated, and otherwise mifbe-haved, in giving her Evidence before the Select Committee appointed to hear and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Prescott, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Milborn Port, in the county of ; and alledging,

that the Petitioner is truly sensible of the Heinoufnefsof her Offence, and humbly alks Pardon for the fame; and representing to the House, that the longer Confinement of the Petitioner will be of the utmost Detriment to herself and Family: And therefore praying, that, in Consideration of her distressed Circumstances, and Sorrow for her said Offence, Ihe may be discharged from het Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Mary Hofey be immediately brought to the Bar of this House, in order to her being discharged.

Mary Hofey was accordingly brought to the Bar; where Ihe received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying her Fees.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Fenwicfe’i Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate-An Act to veil in Trustees, to be sold, certain Estates, in the Counties of York, Westmoreand Lane after, which belonged to Ann Fenwick, Widow', before her Intermarriage; and for the Relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. 1. 12. After "paid" to insert " by the Order of the said Court of Exchequer."

1. 14. After " Assigns" to insert " or any " Person or Persons now having " any Lien, or Incumbrance on the " said Estates, or any Part thereof,

" his, her, or their Executors,

" Administrators, or Assigns."

And the Question being put, That the Words " by " the Order of the said Court of Exchequer" be inserted after the Word " paid;"

The

i2 Geo. III.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

>l

22°- — 1 5° Mali.

ih

-Uu ltdings ami Party Walls.

Milborn

Port

Hle&ion.

Mr. Wallace* Mr. Lockhart:

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do cany Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the

lS-

20.

Tellers for the Yeas,

, _ T C Lord,

Tellers for the Noes, jMr W,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass,

Ordered, That the Lord Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords; and'acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, within the Cities of and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the

Parishes, Precincts, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of

Mr. Alexander Popham reported from the Committee, Rolle’i to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Rolle, Esquire, and Judith Maria ct‘ emC tValrond, Spinster, to make Settlements on the Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective Minorities, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Fopham do carry the Bill Mortality, the Parishes o i Saint Maryle Bon and Pad- to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

dinglon, Saint Patterns, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing of

Mischiefs by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, Counter* Parishes, Precincts, and Places; and for amending and to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, of Derby’* reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act, and An Act for vesting the Manor of and divers

for other Purposes, was committed, be taken into Con- Messuages and Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the

Estate.

federation upon Monday Morning next.

Elections.

County of Sussex, intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Mary late Countess Dowager of , de-

ceal'ed, in Trufices, to be sold; and for purcllafing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled. Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made ftod returning such Members, was committed, be taken several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

rnto Consideration upon. Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 25° Maii.

Anno i 2.0 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 34. Leave out " or," and insert " Tithes." 1. 35. After " Tenements," insert " or Hereditaments" and after " of," insert " Customary or."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lbrdsj and acquaint them, that this House hath

HE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which

according

to Order, amended the Return for the

Bankrupti

(Laws

expiring.)

trough of Milborn Port, in the County of Somerset.

Amendments this House doth of their Lord ships.

desire the Concurrence

A n i ngrofled Bill to continue and amend an Act, made the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the ^*z>mmitting of Frauds by Bankrupts, was read the Third Lime.

£LeJbl*ued, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds V>y Bankrupts; and for making Provision for discharging "i3ank.rupts in certain Cafes from their Imprisonment. Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the l_x>rds, and desire their Concurrence.

Lottery Bill. An ingrossed Bill for establishing a Lottery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, And that the Title be. An Act for redeeming One million Five hundred thousand Pounds of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

VOL. 33.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, and amend, so much of £azaret*i an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establishment of Lazarets, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establishment of Lazarets.

‘ Ordered., That Mr Robinson do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses, Trade wid» in relation to the Trade carried on between Great Britain Ireland, and Ireland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the Trade carried on between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting a Drawback of Part

9 O . of

<^1

Tea: Exportation.

Excise: (Preventing: Frauds.)

Manx

Fisheries.

Hackney

Coaches.

Sinking Fund.

786 4$° Maiu A. 1772.

of the Customs upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America; for altering the Drawback upon Foreign Sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; for allowing the Importation of Rice from the British Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liverp, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to Foreign Parts; and to impower the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate, required by Law upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have been sent into the Country for Sa^e, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for granting a Drawback of Part of t he Customs upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America-, for altering the Drawback upon Foreign Sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation of British-nvxdt Cordage; for allowing the Importation of Rice from the British Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for

immediate Exportation to Foreign Parts; and to impower the Chief Magistrate' of iny Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate, required by Law upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, Which have, been sent into the Country for Sale.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excite, with respect to Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Coasts of the Isle oj Man; and for obviating a Doubt which has arilen, with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry to the Lords, the ingrafted Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the otamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships (hereto.

Mr. Robinson according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking, Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year 1772, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ngrofled.

Sir Edward Act ley, reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Cr-rv.-, Act for vesting certain Freehold ancf Copyhold Hereditaments, in Weeting, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estate of Philip Champion Esquire,

in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out rh? Money to arise by Sale thereof in the Purchase of i-rmer Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uies as the said Premises in Weetkn now Hand limited, was com-nutted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be.true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Act ley do carry the Bill fd the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Ballcck’i the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain MdFuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr and Borough ol in the County of Surrey, Part of the settled Estate of John Bullock, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; anti that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this I Joule hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for encouraging the Manufacture of Ba k Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the (Leather.) Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 33. After " (hall" to insert " be signed,

" and transmitted to the Collector " of the Customs, as aforesaid, and " shall."

Pr. 9. 1. last. To leave out " Seven" and insert,

" Five" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordifigly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Guhcart'i Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, tttate* intituled, An Act for Sale of One undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of lanerleith, lying in the County of Edinburgh, and of One undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of Darncheflei, in the County of Berwick, being Parts of the entailed Estate of Colonel James Cat heart, deceased; and for purchasing other Lands and Estates,

to

12 Geo. III. 250 Ma787

to be settled, in lieu thereof, upon the same Persons, and to the like Uses and Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to tire Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Pulteney’s The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Ertaic. Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for giving further Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower the Trustees " of the Wiil of the late General , and other

" Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of " making certain Roads and Ways to and from a free c< Bridge by them intended to be built over the River " Avon, in the said County; and also to impower the " Persons in Possession of the said Estate, for the Time " being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain " Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and likewise " to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds " and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of " Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of

" Bath; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said " AJiayor, Alderman, and Citizens, over Part of the " fa.id Manor of Bathzv; and for other Purposes " tlxerein mentioned and for enlarging the Powers of lea.fi ng given by the said Act to the Persons therein named -9 and for other Purposes, was committed; Thzxt the Committee had examined the Allegations of thee Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to *"hc Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Comma tr/ce had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment: thereunto; which they had directed him to report to tf-jc House; and he read the Report in his Place; aaci afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-me*-x.t, *n at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-nie was read; and is as followeth; viz.

18.I. 27. After " respectively" insert Clause A.

Clause (A.) " And whereas it may be convenieirt " " to enter into Contrafts for grant-

" ing such Lease or Leases, with " and under the Restrictions hereinbefore mentioned, upon Condition, that lo loon as the Houses " intended to be built shall be " covered in, or if agreed to be " repaired only, lo soon as the Repairs agreed upon shall be executed, the said Lease or Leases " shall be granted to the Person or " Persons contrafting for the fame;

" Be it therefore Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That it shall " and may be lawful to and for the " laid William Pu/tcney and Frances " jointly, during the ir

" joint Lives, by indenture or Indentures, under their Hands and " Seals, and after the Decease of " the said William in case

‘ " the said Frances shall

" survive him, to and for the said

Vol. 33.

" Frances Pulteney alone, and by herself; and after their several " Deceases, to and for the several " Persons, who for the Time being " shall be entitled to any Estate " of Freehold or Inheritance in " Pofiession, either in Law or in " Equity, of and in the said Manor l< and Premises, or any Part thereof, or who shall, for the Time " being, be entitled to be in the " actual Receipt, subject to the said

1 " Mortgage or Mortgages, Demile

" or Demiles, so to be made by or " under the Authority of this Act,

" of the Rents, Issues, and Profits,

" of any of the said Premises, ur, der or by virtue of any of the " Devises or Limitations contained " in the Will of the said Harry " Pulteney, and to or for the Guardian or Guardians of any such " Person or Persons as shall or may;

" during his, her, or then-infancy, be " respectively intitled as aforesaid,

" under the said Devises or Limitations, by Indenture or Indentures,

" under his, her, or their. Hand and " Seal, or Hands and Seals, to " enter into such Contrafts for " granting Leases as aforesaid."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, La<jy upon the Bill for veiling iri His Majesty certain Here- Fitzwilliam’s ditaments at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, be- Ellate-longing to Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and held by Lease from the Crown; and for veiling the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold Hereditaments at Riehmond aforesaid, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trull for the said Catharine Viscountess Fitz-

william, as a Part of the Compensation for the fame; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hi ax to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Monteome.-y the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Montgomery, in the room of Edward Kynaston, Esquire, deceased.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Cardint»ton, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road &c. from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Panlh of - Road-

din? ton.

788

25° Mail.

A. 1772.

dington, in the present Turnpike Road between and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge; and for continuing a Road from thence to the great Northern Road, near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wefhmnfter Sir Charles Whitworth preferred to the House, ac-Nightly cording to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Watch* the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Westminfiei, and Parts adjacent , and for other the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

lankeepers A Petition of the Innkeepers of the Town of Market (Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, was presented to House, and read; Complaining of the Hardships Troop*, which the Petitioners alledge they labour under from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if it was left to the Option of each Innkeeper to provide Hay and Straw for the Horses to be quartered on him at the present Price of Six Pence each Night, or only to provide the Troops with convenient Stables and Necessaries for the Horses gratis, as the Innkeepers shall find most convenient in future Times (this Alteration not to extend to Troops on a March, or employed on the Recruiting Service) the same would remedy the Grievance complained of: And therefore praying the House to take the Complaints of the Petitioners into Confederation, and grant them the Relief proposed, or such other Alterations in the Laws for quartering Soldiers, as to the House shall be found most proper for His Majesty’s Service, and the Ease of His Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bastard A Bill for regulating the Settlements of Ballard Chil-Children. dren, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle, in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, and loadee} Horses, and for removing Obstructions and

Coinage.

Horned

Cattle

Distemper.

Carters,

Scotland.

Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act T>-» to enable the Lord Bid) of of Durham, and his Sue- -cessors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be applied for the repairing, improving, or rebuilding, such Part of 'Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act K'.iwib for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough and Foreign of in

the Parish of Kiddermitifier, in the County of

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stmcr to extinguish the Right of Common upon an Acre of Howe of Ground, called White Lyon or Hangmans Acre, in Saint Corrsdioo. George's Fields, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Moritcn for dividing and inclefing the Open and Common loclof"ie' Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failure?, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Northamptonwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Applet for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and We fee Iricioimi. Grounds, within the Manor of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wipers for inclosing, dividing, allotting, and improving, cer- Inclosure. tain Common Woods, and Moor Lands, within the Borough and Parish of Wigmore, in the County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act CKilJrcv, for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Comman Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in the several Parishes of Letcomb Baffct, otherwise Lettomb, and Childrey, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bril, intituled, An Act M»ch for dividing and inclosing certain Open Parcels of Arable ^e.nl.xk and Pallure Grounds, in the Manor of Much ncourf'

other Wenlock Magna, otherwise Great Wenlock, in the County of Salop without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stamton, for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Open and Common' Fields, within the Townships or Hamlets of Great and Newbiggin, and Great Bleneow, in the Barony of Grey-Jhck, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amende meat: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Charlton, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common j Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and incoa!-Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Charlton, in the Parishes of New bottle and King's Sutton, or One of them, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rcwflon for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Moors, Ir*;lolU f-within the Township of Royfiou, in the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Robinson’i whom the Bill for inrolling, in the Court of Chancery Wl,!-in Great Britain, an Exemplification of the Will of Christopher Robinson, late of the Colony of Virginia in America, deceased, to be made under the Provincial Seal of the said Colony; and for making Copies of such Inrolment Evidence in Great Britain, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed i That the Committee had examined the Allegations

Geo. III. 25° — a6° Maii. 789

tions of (iJe f Bill, and found the same to be true; and k*1* */le Parties concerned had given their Consent to ke Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that riie Committee had gone through the Bill, and made IsveralAmendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second T*imc, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Buildings Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into and Confide rat ion the Report which was made from the

Party Walls. Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, within the Cities of London and fVe/lr^tin/ler, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of MortsLlity, the Parishes of Mary le Bon

and PaddiftjBf £ on. Saint Patterns, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the county of ; and for the better

preventing of TVlifchiefs by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, T^aajrishes, Precincts, and Places; and for amending a.rad reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Ad i a.nd for other Purposes, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The PTovife proceeded to fake the said Report into

Consideration.

And ttae said Report was read.

And tine Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill» being severally read a Secend Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Perrott’s Sir Ed-zvard Baynt reported from the Committee, to Eflwc* whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage, called Highfield , and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Gloreere/2er, the settled Estates of Benjamin Jason Per-rott, Efcjuirc, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed as therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money arising by suchx Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee liad examined the Allegations of the Bill,- and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sat isfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee iaad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And t he laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Lave Trade. A M otion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing certain Regulations relative to Negroe and other Slaves, who shall hereafter conje or be brought into

Great Britain or Ireland,

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day be now read.

Elections. And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings Vol. 33.

of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members, was committed;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* an Navy Account of the Expence of His Majesty’s Navy for the last Five Years \ distinguishing each Year* and the several Heads of Expence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Payments made for His Majesty’s Navy, y for the last Five Years; distinguishing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence.

Ordered, That there be laid befdte this House, an Account of the Monies arising from the Sale of old Naval Stores, and of the Expenditure of the fame, for the last Five Years.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 26® dieMaii; Anno 1 a® Georgii IIItU Regis, 177a.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill for inrolling, in the Court of koblnf«i’« Chancery, in Great Britain, an Exemplification of w,lu‘ the Will of Christopher Robinson, late of the Colony of Virginia in America, deceased, to be made under the Provincial Seal of the said Colony; and for making Copies of such Inrollment Evidence in Great Britain; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inrolling, in the Court of Chancery in Great Britain, an Exemplification of the Will of ChriJ.

topher Robinson, late of the Colony of Virginia in,

deceased, to be made under the Provincial Seal of the said Colony; and for making Copies of such Inrollment Evidence in Great Britain; for enfranchising certain Copyhold Estates, late the Property of the said Christopher Robinson, in the County of York, and for making Satisfaction to the Prebendary of Dunnington for the lame; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for the better Regulation of Build- Buildings ings and Party Walls, within the Cities of London and *nd Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Part>r Parishes, Precincts, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties,

Parishes, Precincts, and Places } and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act; and for other Purposes; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes,

Precincts, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon and Saint

Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex j and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places; and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act; and for other Purposes.

9 P Ordered,

790 ib* Mail. . 1772.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cardington, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of dington, in the present Turnpike Road between and Bedford, to Great Barford ;and for continu-

ing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford; was

read the Third Time,

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 33. After " Offory" to insert ‘‘the honourable Robert Trevor the

" honourable John Trevor."

Pr. 2. 1. 15. After " " to insert " William

" H

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act’ for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between and

so Great Barford Bridget and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road near Temford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sinking An ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain *un‘1' Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund } and for ap-. plying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery. Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Richmond - An ingrossed Bill for vesting in His Majesty certain L^dy Hereditaments at Richmond, in the County of Fi.zwiliiatr.’* belonging to Catharine Viscountess Fitzzvi/liam, and held u.ate. by Lcafefrom the Crown; and for veiling the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold Hereditaments at Richmond aforesaid in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trull for the said Catharine Vifcouotefs Fitz-wiiliam, as a Part of the Compensation for the fame; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Hereditaments at Richmond, in the County of belonging to Catharine Viscountess and held by

Lease from the Crown; and for veiling the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold Hereditaments at Richmond aforesaid in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, as a Part of the Compensation for the fame; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Duke of Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Devonthire’j to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate. An Act to enable the Moll noble William Duke of Devonshire to grant Reversionary Leases of his Leasehold Estate, in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to Birbot's

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reinvesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Stafford, late the Estate of Robert Barbor,

Esquire, deceased, in the several Personsnow in being, and for such Estates as they ate severally entitled under the Will of the said Robert Barbor-, and for enabling James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join in such Conveyances as shall be necessary for those Purposes, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Salt reported from the Committee, to whom the Buckley* ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower James Batson and Edward Buckley Batson, Esquires, Testamentary Guardians of the Person and Estate of Edward Pery Buckley, an Infant, to grant Leases of the Estate of Pery Buckley, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Salt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Counter, of this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Derby’.* Manor of Eafi Lavant, and divers Messuages and Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of intailed by the Will of the Right honourable late Countels Dowager of Derby, deceased, in Trustees, to be Ibid. and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gunpo*Jti to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage, of Gunpowder, within Great Britain; and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Marine Act for incorporating the Members of a Society, com- Socitt>‘ monly called The Marin?Society, and their Successors,

to

12 Geo. III. 26° Mail. 79*

te be defied as therein is mentioned; and for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designsj with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 36. Leave out " Six," and insert " Seven." Pr. 14. 1. 40. Leave out " as aforesaid," and insert " to the Sea Service."

Pr. 15. I. 1. After " Apprenticeships" insert " not " being for a less Time than Four " Years."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Banting’s Mr. V sitereported from the Committee, to whom the BtLtc. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold, Estates, late of Edmund Bunting, Elizabeth Bunting, and TomlinJ'on Bunting, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Incumbrances, and Legacies, charged upon and affecting the lame, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

W>^ieh"lyCr ^or better Regulation of the Nightly Watch, Watch. an^ Beadles, within the City and Liberty ot

and Parts adjacent; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Whitworth, Mr. Mackw, £tc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Public Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, who Records, were appointed to examine the present Condition of the Records of this Kingdom, the Repositories wherein, and the Manner in which, they are now kept; and to consider of some proper Method to be immediately taken, to prevent the further Decay of the Records at The; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, (rom Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had examined the State of the Records at the Chapel; and had directed him to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon viewing the Records at the Rolls, the Committee find, that very many of those in the Body of the Chapel are much decayed, and partly obliterated, and the rest in Danger of Destruction, by being placed close to the Walls, the Damps from which have penetrated Vol. 33.

through the Backs of the Presses wherein they are piaced: and that those in the Room, or Garret, over the said Chapel, are continually receiving Injuries, either from the Rain, which often penetrates through the Covering, or by the intense Heat in the Summer Season; and the Weakness of the Floor is such, as scarce to be able to' support the Weight of the Records there: And your Committee were informed, as w.ell by several of the Members present, who tnfpected the same Records last Summer, as by the Testimony of Mr. Rooke, who is Clerk of the Chapel, and as such has the Care of the said Records, that many of them are very considerably impaired since that Time;

And your Committee ‘hiving been informed by the Master of the Rolls, That it has been usual, for the Purpose of trinferibing the said Records, for the Master of the Rolls, for the Time being, to allow them to be carried out of the said Chapel to the Clerks Chambers, which are always at some Distance from the said Chapel, (there being no convenient Place in the said Chapel for that Purpose) by which the said Records are exposed to the Danger of being loft or injured; and that there is a Dwelling House very convenient fof that Purpose in Chancery Lane, late in the Occupation of William Ambler, Esquire, from which a Door might be made into the Yard in which the said Chapel (lands, which House might be hired for a small Rent; and the Master of the Rolls being asked. If he would consent that the Rolls Chapel, or such Part thereof as shall be found necessary, may be fitted up, in such Manner as to prevent the Records receiving further Damage, till a more proper Re-pository can be provided for them, he readily gave his Consent thereto; at the same Time expressing his Willies,-that the Chapel might be so fitted up as to leave Room sufficient for the Celebration of Divine Sendee therein: — Upon which your Committee came to the following Resolutions j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Body of the said Chapel, or such Part thereof as may be found necessary, be forthwith fitted up for receiving the said Records, so as to prevent further Damage to the fame, leaving a sufficient Space for the Celebration of Divine Service; and that, when the same shall be so fitted up, the said Records be accordingly placed and kept therein, until a more proper Repository be provided for them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House in Chancery Lane, late in the Occupation of William Ambler, Esquire, be lured as a propel Place, wherein the said Records may, for the future, be transcribed.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto,' by inferring after the Word " hired" the Words " and " prepared." ,

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Resolution, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That the House in Chancery Lane, late in the Occupation of William Ambler, Esquire, be hired apd prepared, as a proper PJjice wherein the said Records may for the future be transcribed,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give such Direct ions as His Majesty shall think proper, for the better Preservation of the Records in the Rolls Chapel-, and to assure His Majesty, that whatever extraordinary Expence shall be incurred for that Purpose, this House will make good the fame.

O' dil id.

jqi 0,6° Mali. A. 1772.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Report, together with the Resolutions, as agreed to by the House, be humbly laid before His Majesty, at the same Time with the said Address.

Ditto. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the further Sum of Six thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing 1,250 Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records, as His Majesty shall think, fit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as ire of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Roifcll’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ElUte. for vesting in William Russell, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, discharged from the Uses of the said Settlement; and for settling other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, of the said William in the County of Warwick, of greater Value, in lieu thereofi and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. Skipwith, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five' of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cabinet A Petition of the Mailers and Journeymen Cabinet

Makers. Makers of the Cities of London and , was

presented to the House, and read; Complaining, That great Quantities of Cabinet Work, Glalfes, and Carved Work, have been brought into this Country, under Pretence of being for the Use of Foreign Ambassadors, when they were really intended for Sale, and have been deposited in Warehouses, and exposed toSale, and Handbills privately dispersed for that Purpose; and therefore praying the House to take Cognizance of the Hardships the Petitioners labour under, in order that a Stop may be put to such unjustifiable and illicit Practices, and grant them such Relief and Protection as they shall think proper.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition, so far as the same relates to the Conduct of the Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

! Colonel Luttrell,

Mr. Thomas Townfield, > 34.

Junior: J

t- u f .1 xr T Sir Edward , 7

Tellers for the Noes, j J

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Eats India' Colonel Burgoyne reported from the Committee, who ^fcitis. were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the tijhAffairs in the East Indies; That the Committee had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the tame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have found it impossible, with their

3

utmost Diligence to go through the Multiplicity of Matter, which the Order of the House comprehends; and they, besides, have thought themselves obliged to depart from the regular Course of their Enquiry, in order to make a distinct and separate Report, upon the Petition of Gregore Cojamaul, late of Bengal, in the East , on Behalf of himself and others, which the House referred to them by a subsequent Order.

notwithstanding the Business of your Committee has been by this Circumstance, and by the insufficiency of the Time, left incomplete; yet as the Session, as they apprehend, is drawing to a Conclusion, and as every Parc of their Enquiry is full of important Matter, they thought it right to report the Progress they have hitherto been enabled to make.

Your Committee beg Leave to premise, that, for the Regularity of their Enquiry, and in order to give the: cleared State of it to the House, they thought it expedient to arrange their Proceedings under the following Heads:

i ft.The several Charters granted to the East India Company, with the Acts of Parliament respecting the fame: and allb, the Grants and Treaties which have fub-fifted between the Company and the Powers in India, from their first EstablHhment to the present Time.

idly, The Commissions, and other Instruments, by which the Company authorized and impowered their Servants to carry on their Affairs in India,

2,dly. To pursue, by' historical Deduction, the State of Affairs in India, the Manner in which the present Pof-sessions in that Country were acquired, and the different Tran factions attending, those Acquisitions; beginning with the Transactions of Bengal, and dividing them into Three Periods; viz.from the Establishment of the present Company to the Completion of the Resolution, in the Year 1757; from thence to the affirming the Dew-anny in the Year 1765; and from thence to the present Time; and in each Period respectively to slate the Situation of the Company’s Affairs, and the material Parts of the Conduct of the Company’s Servants, with respect to the Powers intruded with them by the Company, in the Civil and Military Departments; in the Administration of Justice; in the accepting of Presents; in the Management of Trade; and in the Revenues and Coinage.

4 thly.The various Disputes with Foreign Companies since the Year 1765.

thly. The Conduct of the Directors at Home, during all the Periods comprehended in this Enquiry, respectively, to the different Powers exercised at any Time by them; to the Manner of keeping and checking Public Accounts at Home and Abroad; to the Controul of their Servants; and to the Abuses to which the Whole, or any Part of the East India Affairs is liable, from Defects in the Constitution of the Company, when applied to their present Situation at Home and Abroad.

Pursuant to the above Plan, your Committee proceeded to read such Charters and Acts of Parliament as are applicable to their Enquiry; all of which are in the Toffeflion of the House, and a Schedule of them is annexed, in the Appendix, N° 1. p,826.

The Copies of Commissions and Instruments from the Company to their Servants are included in the above Number of the Appendix.

Your Committee would not presume to state to the House the Constitution of the East India Company, without the moll critical and minute Examination of each Charter and Act of Parliament i and they could not in the Space of Time allotted them, enter upon so great a Work, which may be taken up hereafter and Hated from the Materials referred to in the Appendix.

Your Committee proceeded to enquire into the Nature and Extent of the Privileges and Powers claimed in Bengal by the Company, underGrantsand Firmaunds from the

ia Geo. III. 26° MaiL 793

the Princes of the Country; Copies of which, for the Drake's Return, and whether he knew or had heard Information of the House, are annexed in the Appen- before the Taking of Calcutta, that the Nabob demanded p. 850- dix, N° 2. ? he said, was permitted to land.

Your Committee not finding Traces of any very but how long he (laid he could not tell, and that he material Disturbances in the Enjoyment of those Pri- had heard at that Time of his being demanded: He vileges and Powers in Bengal’, from the first Establish- also said, he was reckoned to be very rich, and that he had ment of the Company, to the Death of AUi Ver di Cawna Number of Boats, and it was supposed he had Trea-in the Year 1756, applied themselves to discover the sure with him.

Causes of the Troubles which ensued soon after that Being further asked. Whether coming to

Event, and brought on the Loss of Calcutta; and for , was considered as an Escape from Serajah

this Purpose, your Committee read the Confutations Dowla ?. he said, It could not be considered as an P* 864. and Correspondence marked in the Appendix, N° 3. Escape, because he was coming in his Way from Dacca To the same Purpose your Committee called Charles to where the Nabob was; he could not

Manningham, Esquire. form any Opinion, whether Kiffindafs at the Time he

Your Committee think proper, in this Place, to landed at in his Way to Muxadavad or -

state to the House, that they have not been buzar, knew of the Death of AUi Ver di or the

able for want of Time to extract from their Succession of Serajah Dowla.

Minutes the State of Fadts so succinctly as they Being asked. Whether it was in Council that he heard would otherwise have done; and therefore they the Report, that the Nabob had formerly demanded the are under the Necessity of laying before the Delivery of he said. That he heard at the

House, in this and every other Part of their Time that Mr Drake had received a Letter from Proceedings, the Evidence almost in the Manner the Nabob to that Purport, and had answered, That they received it. no further Protection had been given to , than

Charles Matwingham, Esquire, informed your Com- a Permission to land in his Way to Muxadavad; that tnittee. That in the Year 1736, he was Third in Coun- it was either in Council or Committee he heard it, but cil, and Warehouse Keeper at Calcutta, and next to Mr. could not say which, and thinks this Letter of the Drake upon the Spot; that he thinks it is not in the Demand mull have been received while Kiffindafs was Power of any Man to assign the Reason for the Origin in the Place; the Witness knew of no further Demand of the Troubles, and knows of no Part of the Con- from the Nabob relative to , nor any Demand

dudfc of the Company’s Servants at Calcutta, that could of any other Natiire, except a trifling Circumstance incense the Government; that the Troubles commenced of a Gentleman having erected a Summer House in in June 1756. — Alii Ver di Cawn, the Predecessor of his Garden, which had been represented to the Nabob Serajak JDowla, died about the April preceding; that as a Fortification, but it was explained to the Na-Serajah JDowla had always the Character of a rash, vi- bob, and a Desire expressed, that he would send to exa-cious young Man; and it was supposed the first Occa- mine it.

lion of Inis coming against Calcutta was, that he was He further said. That the English had no Intercourse tempted by the Idea of the Place being likely to afford with the Nabob, and assigned no Cause to his Know-great £*1 under j that the first Accounts the Factory had ledge, for coming down against them, of his il ft Intentions towards them, was the Beginning of Being asked. Whether it is not the Custom in Bengal, June 1 7 _j6. that the Prime Minister of a preceding Nabob or of Being questioned as to what he knew of Offence his Subordinates, should Hand forth and be amenable taken ft=>y the Nabob, in regard to Protection given by to the Power of the reigning Nabob, and not withdraw the Etr s^lish to one Kiffindafs; he said. That Mr. Drake himself? he said, The Nature of the Government bc-was G<^*vernor of the Settlement, and Mr. Watts was ing arbitrary did naturally expect it, but whether it is Chief «=>f Coffimbuzar, and believes, that Kiffindafs was the Custom he could not say; but that undoubtedly at that Time in the Dacca Part of the Country; that if this is refused, the Nabobs usually endeavour by *ylr. l^^atts wrote to Mr. Drake, to suffer Kiffindafs to all Means in their Power to compel them to be \and Calcutta, in his Way to Muxadavad, by way amenable.

of RcCYelhment, as his Family had been useful to the The Witness knew of no Cause for any Complaint EnglifTb; that as Mr. Drake was absent at the Time of Tenants of the Mogul being protected by the Eng-Watts's Letter arrived, the Letter was sent under in Calcutta, nor of any such Complaint being trans-Cover to the Witness to be opened, and he is not quite mitted to the Factory, either directly from the Nabob lure whether that Period was before or after the Death or from Mr.

of Alii Ver di Cawn-, that Kiffindafs landed at Calcutta Notice being taken, that it appeared by certain Pro-accordingly; that he never law him, and that when ceedings of the Governor and Council of Fort Saint Mr* Drake arrived a few Days after, he delivered him George, that Mr. Manningham had objected to several the Letter. Articles in the various Accounts or Informations trans-

The Witness laid. He was upon the Spot when Sera- mitted to them from Bengal, respeCking the Capture of jah Dozvla came down, and believes Kiffindafs was not Calcutta; and it further appearing by the said Proceed-not then in the Town; he does not recollect, that Sera- ings, that in consequence of such Objections from Mr. jah Dowla made any Demand for the delivering up of Manningham, the several Informations were officially Kiffindcfs, but that if he did it would appear upon the delivered to him, in order to state his Objections at public Proceedings. that Time; the Witness was then asked. Whether he

Being further questioned, he repeated, That it was had ever delivered in any Answer upon the Reference impossible to give any rational Account of the Origin so made to him ? to which he laid. That he was de-of the Troubles; and said. That he was at Muxadavad, puted by the Governor of Calcutta, to go to Madrofs, at the Time Lord Clive was there in July of the same and carried a Letter directed to the Governor and Coun-Year; that Inquiry was then made with all possible cil at Madrass, and was commissioned to give them a Attention, but without Succels, into the Motives of further Account, by Word of Mouth, of the Affairs of Serajah Dowla's Conduct, from his principal Officers, the Factory.

and likewise from the Officers of his Predecessor, from In regard to a Messenger coming from the Nabob the Seats, and every other Person from whom Informa- to Calcutta, upon the Subject of Protection given to tion was likely to be obtained. the Nabob’s Tenants, and the Treatment of that Mef-

Being asked. Whether Kiffindafs was really protected fenger; the Witness laid. He knew of a Messenger or not, what Time he remained in Calcutta, after Mr. coming with a Letter addressed to the President, and Yot. 33. 9 Q wrote

Ball India Affairs.

794

26° Mail. 1772.

C*(l India Affairs.

wrote in Persian, and to the bed of his Remembrance,

a Part of that Letter related, as he mentioned before, to Kiffindafs j he does not recollect whether he saw the

Letter or not, and believed Mr. upon the Mef-

lenger delivering the Letter, ordered him to leave the Town; he believes an Answer was sent afterwards, and the Purport of it was, that Kiffindafs was only allowed to land, and no Protection was given him; the Messenger, he believed, staid but a few Hours in the Town after he delivered the Letter; he was an Hircarrah, by Name as he believes Narranzing.

Being asked, Whether the Answer to the Nabob’s Letter was communicated to the Council, or whether it was sent as Mr. Drake's, private Letter ? the Witness said, The Purport of both the Letter and the Answer itself were communicated; he does not recoiled who the Answer was sent by, nor how long it might be after the Receipt of the Letter, but believes, it might be the same Day or the Day following, and did not recoiled the whole Contents of the Letter.

Being asked, If it was the usual Practice, when a Messenger brought a Letter from the Nabob, to order him to leave the Town without any Answer sent with him ? he said, It was not, nor could he alflgn any Reason for l'o doing, for the Receipt of the Letter was not public, nor was the Treatment of the Messenger so.

In regard to the Measures the Fadory took to pacify the Nabob, after they were informed of his hostile Intentions, the Witness said, Mr. Drake was repeatedly desired to write to the Nabob, to know the Cause of his Resentment, and that he had no Doubt but he did so, but believed, he received no Answer; among other Methods, Coja IVaffield, a Merchant of considerable Rank and Substance, and likewise a Tenant of several considerable Farms, was requested by Letters to apply to the Nabob, to know the Reason of his Resentment, and was deftred to act as a Mediator upon the Occasion; it was also tried to be informed by Means of this Coja Wafjecd, whether Money was the only Object in view, and, in general, he was requested to interest himself as well as he could to appease the Nabob; his Answer was. That it was not in his Power to be of any Use upon the Occasion, and that the Payment of a Sum of Money was not the Object; the Reason of applying to Coja IVaffield, was, that he was supposed to be a Man

of some Weight, and in Favour with the Nabob, from the Circdmftance of his having entertained him at his House, when he was Chuta Nabob.

The Witness being asked, Whether he had any Reason to believe, that any Sum of Money or Present was given to Mr. Drake, or any other Person by Kiffindafs ? he said, He did not know, nor had any Reason to believe that any were given to Mr. Drake, or any other Person.

Being again questioned. Whether he was sure, that Kiffindafs was not received in Calcutta, before the Death of Alii Verdi Cawn f he said. He was not sure — And

whether the Contents of the Letter from Mr. Watts, were not to permit Kiffindafs to remain Two Months in the Town, and that there was a particular Recommendation of Kiffindafs's Family, as being particularly

lcrviceable to the Enghffit he said, He could not recoiled the particular Purport of the Letter; that in general it was a warm Recommendation of Kiffindafs, as the Son of Rajah Bullub, a Man of Power and Interest at the Durbar, and who might be of Service to the Affairs of the India Company at the Durbar.

Your Committee next called Richard Beecher, Esquire, who was desired to relate what he knew of the Origin of the Troubles in Bengal:And he informed the Committee, That about the End of the Year 1755, he was appointed Chief of the Subordinate Fadory at;

that from that Time he did not attend at any of the Councils that were held at Calcutta, and of course

could only speak of Transudions that passed there, by Report from others; that at the Time the Letter of the 10th of July 1756, was wrote from Dacca, himself and the other Gentlemen that signed it, were Prisoners to the Nabob, and by his Permission allowed to reside in the French Fadory; that, for some Time before the Taking of Calcutta, they had no Correspondence with the Gentlemen of Fort William, but for Intelligence' were obliged to trust to the Natives of the Country, or what the French received from their Settlement at Chandernagore; that he thought it his Duty at

that Time to forward to the Court of Directors, and to the Governor and Council at Madrajs, l'uch Intelligence as he was able by those Means to procure; that he has since had the greatest Reason to believe, the Accounts transmitted to the Governor and Council at Madrass, then obtained from the French, were greatly exaggerated, and very fallacious in many Particulars; that the Report of Kiffindafs's being received and pro-teded in Calcutta, being a Cause assigned by Serajah Dowla for his Displeasure against the he heard

from Numbers of People where he then was, both French and Natives, and he gave Credit to it, and therefore assigned it to the Court of Directors as the principal Reason.

In relation to the Affair of Kiffindafs, the Witness said. That he recollected to have heard Kiffindafs was received in Calcutta about the latter End of March 1756, and remained there till the Place was taken by Serajah Dowla, on the aoth of June; he and were both Prisoners in the Fadory, by Order of the Governor, as he believed: And the Witness further said. That in the Situation the India Company then were, as Merchants living under the Protection of the Country Government, he then was, and still is, of Opinion, that neither Kiffindafs, nor any other Subject of the Nabob, should have been received and protected in the Company’s Settlement; and he still thinks, that this did give a Pretence to Serajah Dowla, to shew his Resentment against the English, but at the same Time he is now convinced, from the many Opportunities he hath since had of conversing with those who were at that Time principal Officers and in high Station about Serajah Dowla, at Muxadavad, that even if that Pretence had not been given, lie would have marched his Army down against Calcutta-, his Object was Money, Calcutta was reported to be very rich, and so were the other European Settlements of Chandernagore and Chin sura-, Serajah Dowla was a young Man, violent, passionate, of great Ambition, tindured with Avarice, and he expected both Wealth and Honour, by attacking the European Settlements, and by extorting Money from

them; that this appears from his Conduct in attacking Calcutta, and from the Suras he extorted from the French, Dutch, and Danes, after that Transaction.

The Witness being asked. Whether he ever heard of the Nabob’s demanding Kiffindafs after lie was received in Calcutta ? he said. He did not recoiled that he heard it before Calcutta was taken, though he may have done so, but he heard it soon after: That his Opinion at that Time was, that if Kiffindafs had been delivered up, and a Sum of Money offered, the Nabob would not have proceeded to the Lengths he did in attacking Calcutta; and he grounded this Opinion in great Measure upon what had been the former Custom of the Nabobs and Princes of that Country, when they were displealed with the English: That Alii Ver di Cazvn, who was a wile Prince, had upon different Occasions shewn his Dif-pleasure, and taken Money from them, but appeared always to be so sensible of the Benefits accruing to his Country, by the Trade carried on by the English, that he never proceeded further than to put a Stop to the Trade of the Company, and to place Forces round their Factories, by which Means he always brought them to the Terms lie pleased<

The

12 Geo. III. Mdit. ^95

The Witness being asked. Whether he knew of any Money unjustly taken from the Company by Ver di Cawn, or any Troubles arising from Demands of Money previous to the Accession of he said,

He recollected Two lndances where Sums of Money were taken; the First, to the bell of his Remembrance, in 1744 or 1745, when he made a Demand upon all the European Settlements in his Dominions, and gave as Reaions for it, the great Expence he was obliged to be at in maintaining a very large Army to defend his Country, and those who lived under his Protection, from the Mahrattas, who used at that Time almost Annually to invade Bengali that the Englffi Company, at that Time, was obliged to pay Three Lack and a Half of Rupees, as well as he> could remember; and the other European Nations in proportion to their Trade: — That he recollects another Instance about the Year 1748 or 1749, when the Company’s Trade was flopped, and Forces put round their subordinate Factories for several Months, in consequence of the Complaint of an , who

had freighted Goods on a Ship under Dutch Colours, which Ship was taken by Commodore Griffin or l'ome of his Squadron, and condemned, as he understood, for having French Property on board: The Armenian living under the Protection of the Nabob of Bengal, made his Complaint to the Nabob of the Loss of his Property, and the Nabob infilled on the English making good to f>im the l>ofs he had sustained by that Capture: At that Time Orders from Home were peremptory, not to comply

with the Demands made by the Country Government; in consequence of which, the Gentlemen refused *° comply with the Demand made by the Nabob; but after using their Endeavours for several Months to pacify Jiim, they were obliged to submit: That he supposes the Company looked upon the Demand of the Three Tack and a Half by Alii Ver di Cawn as a hostile one, and beJ i«ved the Orders above-mentioned were sent out in consequenceof it.

The Witness being asked. Whether he knew, or believeoj, that AT r. Drake or any other Person received Money or Presents from , for the Protection

given im ? said. He did not know, nor did he believe that h& or any other Person did receive either Money or Present s.

Johw*. Cooke, Esquire, who in the Year 1756 was Secretary the Governor and Council at Calcutta, being called to the same Point as the above Witnesses, gave the following Narrative from Notes taken by him loon after X: he Transactions of that Year, and since copied with V»Is own Hand.

AWi Ver di Cawn, Nabob of the Three Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, died on the 9th of April 1756, and Serajah Dowla took Possession of his Government* agreeably to the Will and Intention of his Grandfather, who had, even in his Lifetime, seated him on the ATujnud, and obliged the Officers of his Durbar to do him Homage as Subah; this paved the Way for his being acknowledged and obeyed as such, without Hefita-tion or Dispute, immediately on the Death of the old Nabob: — The only Shew of Opposition that he met with, was from the Widow of who had

got a Body of Men together to secure the Wealth she was left in Possession of by the Death of her Husband, in case the young Subah should attempt to seize it — This was soon adjusted, and her Troops disbanded, upon Promise of being left unmolested in her Person and Riches, by which Means all was quiet at the Capital, and Serajah Dowla's Authority universally established in the dependant Provinces, except in Poornea, the Nabob whereof (a Relation) refused to trull himself in the Hands of the young Subah, and therefore would not come to Moorjhcdavad, but kept himself in his Province of Poornea, at the Head of his Army: — This obliged Serajah Dozvla to take the Field very soon after his

Vol. 33.

Atcession to the Subah ship, and march tfp as far as Rajah Eart Tmfl* Maul to intimidate the Poornean, and force him to come Affairs, to the Durbar.

Presently after the Death of the old Nabob, Presiderlt Drake wrote Serajah Dowla & Letter of Congratulation on his Accession, and desired his Favour and Protection to the English Company, which was received very kindly, and Promises giten bur Vackeel, that he would £hew the Englffi greater Marks of Friendship and Esteem than ever his Grandfather had done.

About this Juncture, the Company's Packet, per war, was received from Madrass, by which we fourid there was the greatest Likelihood imaginable of a Rupture between us and France; and the Court of Ditedlofs particularly recommended to the Governor and Council to be ftiictly oh their Guard, and to pat their Fortifications in the bell State of Defence they could: — In consequence of these Advices the Line of Guns towards the River was repaired and strengthened, and some other trifling Works ereCled, particularly a Redoubt at Perrin’s Garden, which had been planned by Colonel Scott. This Circumstance is mentioned, as the Subah made it orfe of his Pretences for attacking the

It is necessary to take Notice, that one Kiffindafs (whb had been in the Government’s Service as Duan and Naib of Dacca) had embarked himself, his Wonhen, and EffeCls, on a large N umber of Boats tapbn the Death of Nawahjifcawn (which happened not long before that of old Alii Ver di Cazt/n) and had Ihehered himself from t He -

Power of Serajah Dowla in the Woods below Dacca^ till he heard that lvis Father Rudgbullubd whs set at Liberty, and leemingly reftoned to Favour; then, under Pretence of going upon a Pilgrimage to or Juggernaut,

he landed himself and Effects in Calcutta on the 16th of March, in his Passage down the River, by Perrtiiflion of the presiding Member of the Board (Mr. Drake being at Ballaforefor his Health): — This Anecdote is likewise mentioned for the same Reason as the Reparations to oUr Works, because Serajah Dowla made use of his being fuflered to live in Calcutta, as another Cause of Offence, the Englffi giving Protection (so he termed it) to the Servants of the Government, by this Reception of Kiffindafs in the Settlement.

.As soon as Setajah Duwla found himself pretty well -established in the Government, he sent a Hircarrih (Messenger) to demand Kiffindafs; but as the Hircarrah came in a private Manner, and disguised, into the Settlement, the President, Mr. Drake, being then feturned from Ballafore, thought it improper to admit him as a Messenger from the Nabob, and ordered him to be turned out of the Bounds.

Very shortly after this TransaClion the Governor received a Letter from the Subah, signifying his Difplea-sure at our repairing our Fortifications, or carrying oh any new Works without first obtaining his Permission, and infilled, not only on our putting a Stop to such Works, but on our destroying what was already done The Governor’s Answer not corresponding with the Subah’s Impetuosity of Temper, and finding that we would not comply with his peremptory Orders for dC-llroying our Works, he took the iudden Resolution of forcing us to a Compliance; immediately laid aside hfs Design of eroding the Ganges to bring the Nabob of Poornea to Reason, and marched his whole Army back to Moorjhcdavad, having first sent Orders to Rajah Doolu-hram (alias Roy Doolub) to invest our FaClory at Coffim-

buzar, with a Body of Horsemen: — This Step was followed by a total Stoppage of all our Business at the Aurungs, and the other subordinate Factories.

The 25th May we received the first Advice of the Nabob’s Orders for investing Coffimand from that Time every Day brought us fresh Intelligence of that FaClory being surrounded with the Subah’s Forces; and Serajah Dowla absolutely threatened to attack them.

East India Affair*.

79 6 26* Maii. . 1772.

if we delayed or refused to destroy the Works we had erected at Calcutta.

Letter after Letter was dispatched to the Gentlemen, to order their Vackeel to remonstrate at the Durbar, how unjustty the Subah proceeded against the English, in suffering their Enemies to persuade him they were erecting strong Fortifications, when nothing was further from the Truth { which the Nabob might be satisfied of, if he would fend a Person that he could confide in to Calcutta to fee what we were doing, and report the same as it really was. Our Communication with began now to be difficult, and as our lad Advices only . served to confirm the Report of the Subah’s Determination to make himself Matter of that Fadory firtt, and after that to march against the Presidency itself, a Coun-.cil of War was summoned on the 5th June, to consider of the Situation of Coffimbuzar Fadory, and whether it was pradicable or adviseable to fend them a Reinforcement. The Weaknett of our own Garrison (which did not then exceed 170 effectice Men, not above or 60 of which were Europeans) determined the Majority of the Officers, who alfifted at that Council, to declare in Writing, that in their Opinion, it was imprudent at that Juncture to attempt fending up a Detachment for reinforcing

Coffimbuzar, surrounded as it was by the Subah’s Forces.

For the Reason already mentioned, as well as many other substantial ones, the President and Council thought it more eligible to promise Obedience to the Nabob’s Orders, than to risk the Issue of a Quarrel with him, at a Time we were so ill prepared in every Respect, for Offence or Defence. A Letter to that Purport was accordingly inclosed to Mr. Wa, to be delivered Serajah Dowla i but the Ingress to our Fadory being totally put a Stop to, the Chid never received this Letter.

While this was doing at , the Gentlemen

were not idle in Calcutta, but exerted their utmost (as Things grew towards a Crisis) to put the Place in as good a Posture of Defence as it was capable of, and dispatched several Pattamars to Fort Saint George for Assistance. Orders were likewise sent to Dacca and the other Subordinates, to call in as much of the Company’s . Money and Effects that were outstanding as they could, and to hold themselves in Readiness to embark the same upon the firtt Notice, and bring them to Fort William.

On the 6th June it was currently reported (but no-. body knew from whence it arose) that Coffimbuzar was delivered up to the Nabob. The Governor thereupon ordered a Survey of the Town to be made, and the Works necessary for its Defence to be laid before the Board by the Officers in Garrison, which was accordingly done the next Day: The Plan was to throw up a tew Batteries fronting the principal Avenues in the Town, and a Line of Intrenchment between, which was immediately set about, and every Cooley employed to get it done: The Militia were summoned and exercised, and every other Measure taken to maintain a Siege, in case the Nabob carried Things to that Extremity. As it was impossible to receive any Reinforcement in Time, if the Subah pursued his March to Calcutta immediately, the French and Dutch were applied to for Assistance: The Dutch declined giving us any, and the French only gas-conaded with us, by ottering to join their Force with ours, if we would quit our own Settlement, and carry our Garrison and Effects up to

At One o’Clock P. M. of the 7th June, we received the Intelligence of Coffimbuzar Fadory being surrendered up to Serajah Dowla on the ad of that Month. This Intelligence came from Mr. , and therefore removed all Doubts concerning the Lott of that Place, as he was Second upon the Spot. By his Letter it appeared that the Chief had been allured, that if he would wait on the Nabob in Person, be might possibly prevent the Fadory being attacked, which his Council thought it more adviseable for him to do, than to rifle, the Event efa Ruptufc. — Mr. Watts met with a very different Re-

ception to what he expected, and he and MelT' Collet and Bation were forced to sign a Mutchulka, or Obligation, that the Nabob had got prepared; they had been promised their Liberty upon signing of it, but found there was no Faith to be put on the Subah’s Word, for instead of obtaining their Liberty, Mr. Collet was remanded back to the Fadory, and forced to give it up to the Commander in Chief of the Nabob’s Troops; after which he was again carried to the Camp, and Mr. Watts and he kept close Prisoners, and treated in a very indifferent Manner.

The Seizure of Coffimbuzar in this treacherous Manner, and his subsequent Proceeding, plainly indicated the Subah’s Intention was no less than the Attack of the Presidency, and Expulsion of the j for imme-

diate Orders were given to his Generals to march towards Calcutta, and his whole Train of Artillery brought

into the Field: — The other Europeans at Chandernagore and Chinfura were called upon to assist his Forces in reducing Calcutta, and every body at the Durbar forbid to intercede for the English.

So uncommonly expeditious were the Subah’s Forces in their March down to Calcutta, that in about 13 Days after the Surrender of Coffimbuzar, they began the Attack

of the Presidency itself, having in that Time marched above 160 Miles with a heavy Train of Artillery', in the hottest Season of the Year.

Hostilities began on our Part on the 12th , by fpiking up the Cannon at Tannah's Fort (a Fortification belonging to the Moors, a little below the Town) and endeavouring to beat down the Walls of that Battery, which could not however be effected on account of the prodigious Hardness of the Pucca Work, and the vast Thickness of the Masonry: — While our People were upon this Enterprize, a Party of the Nabob’s Troops from Hugh/y, with Five Pieces of Artillery, arrived and

obliged our Men to return to their Ships: — A second Attempt was made Two Days after, to dislodge the Moors from that Place, but to no Purpose; the Cannon from our Country Ships employed in the Attack, being too small to make any Impression, or do any Mischief.

Several Letters and Messages passed between the President and Coja Wazeed, in which the latter was desired to use his Influence with the Nabob in our Favour, and authorized to accommodate Matters by giving a Sum of Money, which it was imagined was what the Subah aimed at, according to the Custom of his Predecessor, who had frequently squeezed large Sums from the Europeans under various Pretences; but we were disappointed in our Judgment of Serajah Dowla'% Views, and we quickly found he was too much exasperated to be appealed by the ordinary Method of a Present.

On Wednesday the 16th a Firing was heard to the Northward, which proved to be an Attack made upon the Redoubt at Perrins by the Van of the Nabob’s Army, who were advanced as far as Mr. s Gar-

den at Chitpoor, and were attempting to enter Calcutta on that Side, by forcing the Pott before mentioned. The Reception they met with at this Redoubt, obliged them to abandon the Design of entering the Town at that Avenue, and we found their Army had wheeled off to the Eastward towards Dumdumma, which Side of our Town was quite exposed and defenceless; — It was hoped-however, that the Men they loft at Perrins would have cooled their Ardour, and have made the Nabob listen. to Terms of Accommodation: — All we were,

pretty quiet, excepting the Disturbance occasioned by a Band of Robbers attending the Nabob’s Camp, who had entered the Town in several Quarters, and plundered every House they came to: — The Enemy had now entirely surrounded the Town, and on Friday the t8th June in the Morning, attacked the Entrenchments on every Side with the Mufqueteers of their Army: They had infinitely the Advantage over us in this Attack, as they could fire upon our Men, from the Tops,

Windows

12 Geo. lit* 26° Mali.' 797

Windows and Veranda’S of the Houses which flood close to, and overlooked our Lines and Batteries, by which Means they did a great deal of Mischief, and annoyed our People so terribly, that scarce any body could venture to raise their Heads above the Cover of the Breast Works, for fear of being killed or wounded; while, on our Part, wc were obliged to spend our Fire at Random, by pointing our Cannon at the Houses they were lodged in, without being certain of their doing Execution, though it is most probable we mull have killed many of the Enemy.

The Firing was very hot on both Sides from Eight in the Morning till Noon, when the Enemy slackened, and made almost a total Cessation of the Attack, for what Reason we could not tell: In the Afternoon they began with more Warmth then ever; our People were now extremely fatigued; great Numbers had been killed, and a far greater wounded; the Enemy poured in Multitudes from all Quarters; there seemed no Hopes of defending the Lines under the Disadvantages already mentioned, the Moors having possessed themselves of every Lodgment that commanded the Entrenchment, and in some Places had even penetrated within our Works. — In this Situation of Things, it was judged expedient to spike up all the Cannon at the Fafchine Batteries, and withdraw the Military and Milita Rationed there near to the Fort itself, and to abandon the Entrenchment; Orders were issued to the several Polls for that Purpose, and the same put in Execution towards the Close of the Evening.

No sooner was this perceived by the Enemy, than they possessed themselves of our Lines, and turned one of our own 18 Pounders at the Jail Battery against the Fort; but tlxeir little Skill in managing Artillery prevented their clo ing much Damage with their Cannon in any Part of the Siege; and had they used their Mufquetry no better, ve might have remained very secure within our

Walls.----- They now brought up a few Pieces of small

Cannon to play against. the Fort, from a little Battery or Bread Work to the South East; but what annoyed us moll ofall were the Wall Pieces and long Match Locks, which they fixed upon the Tops offeveral Houses that entirel y overlooked the Fort, andjired such Showers of Balls from them , and that so incessantly, that it became very <T dangerous to stir from one Part of the FaCiory to another. — This Evening (the 18th) it was determined to remove our Women on Board the Doddalay, and such rather Country Ships and Vessels as were in the "River: This Embarkation was performed in the Dulk of the Evening, but with lb little Order, that many of the Ladies (among whom was the Governor’s Wife) v.'cie left behind, and some of them obliged to remain even till the next Day, for want of Boats to carry them off*

It is cafy to imagine the Consternation and Confusion that was discovered in every Countenance, when it was known the Enemy had in one Day obliged us to abandon those Works on which we placed our principal Dependance, and had flattered ourselves we could have defended till a Reinforcement arrived 'from Madrass: The Inability of our Military Officers appeared foO evident now to expect’ much from them; and as the Governor was as little qualified toadt in such a Situation a* the Officers, it could not but follow, that all Corn-mand mull have been in a Manner at an End, for want of a proper Confidence in those who were to be obeyed: This was actually the Cafe, and from the Time we were confined to the Defence of the Fort itself, nothing Wras to be leen but Disorder, Riot, and Confusion; every body was officious in advifine, yet no one was properly qualified to give Advice: — The Factory was so crouded with Portuguese Women and unnecessary People, that

it would have been impolflble to have found Provisions enough for one Week, even had our Walts and Garrison been able to refill the Efforts of the Enemy. In this Situation it was lucky for us the Moon (who never Vol. 33.

fight in the Night) suspended their Operations as soon as it was dark, and gave us, by that Means, an Opportunity of consulting and debating on what was to be done; the Majority of the Military Officers gave it as their Opinion, that it was impracticable to defend the Fort with so small a Garrison, and so unprovided with Stores for a Siege, against the numerous Army of the Enemy; the Artillery Officers reported, we had not Powder and Shot enough for Three Days; our Bombs and Grenadoes were of no Use, the Fufees being spoiled by the Dampness of the Climate, owing to their being filled some Years, and never looked into afterwards. — Thus circumstanced, a Retreat to our Ships was by every body judged the moll eligible Step that could be taken; but the Dispute was, whether thstt Retreat ought to be made immediately, under favour of the Night, or deferred till the next Day, and in what Manner to conduct a general Retreat without Confusion or Tumult? It was at last resolved to defer the Retreat till the next Night, and that all the next Day should be employed in embarking the Portuguese Women, and our moll valuable Effects, by which Means we should avoid the Disorder we dreaded; — Had this Plan been ftriitly adhered so, and rightly executed, a Number of Lives would have been saved, and all those dreadful and melancholy Consequertccs prevented, which afterwards happened. — Mr. William Baillii, one of the Council, wh© exerted himself upon all Occasions in a most dif-irtterested and generous Manner, undertook to see the Women and Effects sent away, and began the Embarkation of the first early on Saturday Morning. — The Enemy renewed their Attack with the Break of the Day; and cannonaded the Fort very briskly from Two or Three different Batteries, besides keeping up a hot Fire from the Tops of the Houses with their Wall Pieces and "Shamfingees; the Moors pressed on so close, and in such Multitudes, that it was deemed more prudent to call in all the Out Polls (for we had occupied the Church and a few of the adjacent Houses all the preceding Night) to prevent their being cut off"; the Party Rationed in Mr. Cruttendens House, upon leaving it, set Fire to it, ta>

prevent the Enemy from making a Lodgment there, as it Rood within Forty Yards of the Factory Walls; and we had the Satisfaction soon after of seeing the Company’s House likewise in Flames (done we imagine by the Enemy) which Hood as near the Walls on tire other Side.

Unluckily no Orders relating to the intended general Retreat had been published, and as the Resolution of retreating was known by the whole Garrison by Report, without the Method which bad been planned for putting it in Execution, many of the Inhabitants imagined every body was to shift for himself, and endeavour to get on Board such Vessel as he conveniently could: Upon this Presum'ption several left the Factory* and made their Retreat to the Ships; which being observed, they were followed by many others, some of whom had been even present at the Confutation in which the Plan of the Retreat had been settled, but concluding the former Scheme was altered, for Considerations so them unknown, they made the bell of their Way to the Ships laying off the Fort; to add to the general Confusion;between Nine and Ten o’Clock the Doddalay (on Board of which Ship were Messrs. M. and F.) weighed her Anchor, and dropt down to Surman's Garden, the Captain of her, it fecm<, being apprehensive ofher being burnt by the Fire Arrows, or Rockets, discharged by the Enemy upon the Vessels in the River; tio sooner was this perceited, than every Ship and Sloop followed the Example, and weighing their Anchors, left the Station they might have been of the greatest Service in, by affording an Asyluntt to the Garrison at their Retreat. This ii(judged Cir-< cumftance occasioned all the Uproar and Misfortunes that followed; for the Moment k was observed,-many of the Gentlemen on Shore (who perhaps never dreamt of leaving the Fa&ofy till every body did)

9 R imtnedi

East InJf*. Affair*.

L*

26° Mail,

79*

India immediately jurflped into such Boats as were at the

"w* Factory Stairs, and roved to the Ships; the Manjees and Dandies of the Boats we had secured, seeing the universal Confusion that prevailed, and that the Ships were dropping down the River, thought the Danger much greater than it really was, and began to consult their own Safety, by leaving the Shore and rowing away as fastas they could, either to the Ships or to the other Side of the River, maugre all that could be said or done to prevent them. — Among those who left the Factory in this unaccountable Manner were the Governor, Mr. Drake, Mr. Alacket, Captain Commandant Alinehin, and Captain Grant: — In less than a Quarter of an Hour

those who perlevered in defending the Fort found themselves abandoned by all the Seniors of Council, and the principal Military Officers, and had the Mortification likewise to fee themselves deprived of the Means of retreating, by the Desertion of the Ships and Boats. — As soon as it was known the Governor had left the Factory, the Gate towards the River was immediately locked, to prevent any further Desertion; and the general Voice of the Garrison called for Mr. to take the

Charge of their Defence upon him. — A Council being hastily summoned, Mr. the Senior then on

Shore, waved his Right to the Government in favour of Mr. Holwell, who thereupon acted in all Respects as Commander in Chief, and exerted his utmost to en± courage every one. Signals were now thrown out from every Part of the Fort for the Ships to come up again to their Stations, in Hopes they would have reflected (after the first Impulse of their Panic was over) how cruel, as well as shameful, it was to leave their Countrymen to the Mercy of a barbarous Enemy; and for that Reason we made no Doubt they would have attempted to cover the Retreat of those left behind, now they had secured their own; but we deceived ourselves; and there never was a Angle Effort made, in the Two Days the Fort held out after this Desertion, to fend a Boat or Vessel to bring off any Part of the Garrison.

All the 19th the Enemy pulhed on their Attack with great Vigour, and having possessed themselves of the Church (not Thirty Yards or Forty from the East Curtain of the Fort) they galled the Garrison in a terrible Manner, and killed and wounded a prodigious Number. In order to prevent this Havock as much as possible, we got up a Quantity of Broad Cloth in Bales, with which we made Traverses along the Curtains and Bastions; we fixed up likewise some Bales of Cotton against the Parapets (which were very thin, and of Brickwork only) to refill the Cannon Balls, and did every Thing in our Power to baffle their Attempt, and hold out, if possible, till the Prince George (a Company’s Ship employed in the Country) could drop down low enough to give us an Opportunity of getting on Board. — This Ship had, in the Commencement of Hostilities (on the 16th) been ordered up to Perrin's, to assist that Redoubt, in case the Enemy made a second Attack; but after they wheeled their Army round towards Dumdumma, the Party at that Poll was withdrawn, as no longer necessary, and the Prince George directed to fall down to her Station, opposite the South East Bastion of the Fort: — She was in Sight about Noon of the 19th, and was now the only Glimmering of Hope left us to escape falling into the Hands of the Moors: — Our Situation and.Distress was therefore communicated to the Commander of her (Thomas Hague) and he politicly directed to bring his Ship as near the Fort as he could, without Lol's of Time. — These Instructions were transmitted on Board by the Hands of Messrs. Pearkes and Lewis, and we began now to entertain some Expectation of making a general Retreat, notwithstanding what had happened in the Morning; but it was otherwise determined by Providence; for by some strange Fatality the Prince George run aground a little above the Fadlory (owing to the Pilot’s Milcondudl, who loft his Presence of Mind) and was never after got off.

The Enemy suspended their Attack as usual when it

9

1772.

grew dark; but the Might was not less dreadful on that Account; the Company’s House, Mr. Mr.

Nixon's, Doctor Knox's, and the Marine Yard, were now in Flames, and exhibited a Spedtaclc of unspeakabic Terror. We were surrounded on all Sides by the Nabob’s Forces, which made a Retreat by 'Land impracticable; and we had not even the Shadow of a Profpcdl to effect a Retreat by Water, after the Prince run

aground.

On the first Appearance of Dawn, on the 20th June, the Besiegers renewed their cannonading — they pulhed the Siege this Morning with much more Warmth and Vigour than ever they had done; about Eight o'Clock they attempted to break into the Factory by Means of some Windows in the eastcrly Curtain, which we had neglected to brick up; while every body was intent on repelling this Onset, an Alarm was spread, that the Enemy were sealing the North West Bastion; Part of the Garrison were thereupon detached to prevent this Attempt, and the hot tell Fireenlued for above an Hour, that we had yet l’een, oh both Sides: The Besiegers at length gave over their Efforts, and retired with great Lol’s; but they continued to cannonade very brilklv from their Batteries, and with their Wall Pieces and Mufquetry did us infinite Mischief.

It was now esteemed moll elegible to endeavour td pacify the Nabob’s Resentment, and supplicate his Forgiveness, by the Mediation of Alonickchund (his principal Minister) to whom Omichund, by Mr. HohvclPs Direction, wrote a Letter, sequesting him to intercede in our Behalf, and prevail upon Serajah Dowla to desist from prosecuting the Attack, and l’uffer us to carry on our Business as usual, under his Protection: An Armenian undertook to carry the Letter to,

and was suffered to pass; but we never received any Answer.

About Noon there was a sudden Cessation of Firing on the Enemy’s Part, from whence we conceived some Hopes, that Omichund's Letter had been delivered, and was likely to produce the Effects wewished for. — About Four o’Clock a Serjeant, Rationed on the Front Gate of the Factory, came to Mr. Holwell, and informed him,-that One of the Nabob’s People had stept into the Street, and with his Hand made Signs for us to desist firing: — This Circumstance gave great Satisfaction, and ieemed to promise a favourable End of our Troubles and Distress. Orders were accordingly given for a Suspension of Hostilities on our Part; but in left than Half an Hour Intelligence was brought to Mr. Holwell, that the Enemy were crouding in great Numbers under the Walls of the Fort, to the Eastward and Southward, whereupon he hastened up himself to the South East Bastion to view their Motions, directing every one to be at their Quarters: By this Time the Besiegers had been suffered to advance dole up to the Foot of the Walls, without a single Musket being fired upon them; and Mr. Holwell (still imagining every thing would be compromised) forbid all Acts of Hcftiiity, notwithstanding the Enemy pressed in such Multitudes upon us: By way of Capitulation or Conference he waved a Flag of Truce, which not being understood by the Moors, no Regard was paid to it; and while this was transacted to the Eastward, a Body of the Enemy sealed the North West Bastion, as did another Party to the Southward (where the Wall was low) and drove our People from their Stations there. — As soon as this was known, a Dutchman of the Artillery Company broke open the Back Door of the Fadlory, and with many others attempted to make their Escape that Way. — The Besiegers now poured in great Numbers from all Parts; and Mr. Holwell, finding how Things were circumstanced, and how impracticable it would be to drive the Enemy out of the Fort, now that so many had penetrated within the Walls, with the West Gate of it open, and considering that further Opposition would not only be fruitless, but might be attended with bad Con-'sequences to the Garrison, he and Captain Buchanan delivered

12 Geo. III. 26°

livered up their Swords to a jemnuutdar that had scaled the Walls, and seemed to act with some Authority among the Moors; this Example was quickly followed by every body, who threw down their Arms, and by that Act surrendered themselves Prisoners at Discretion. The Factory was in a few Minutes filled with the Enemy, who, without Loss of Time, began plundering every Thing the y could set their Hands on $ we were rifled of oyr Watches, Buckles, Buttons, fsfc. but no further Violence used to our Persons. — The Bales of Broad Cloth, Chests of Coral, Plate, and Treasure, laying in the Apartments of the Gentlemen who rctided in the Factory, were broke open; and the Mows were wholly taken up in plundering till the Subah entered the Fort, which was a little after Five in the Afternoon, carried in a kind of Litter, his younger Brother accompanied him in another. Serajah Dowla seemed astonished to find io small a Garrison, and immediately enquired for Mr. Drake, with whom he appeared much incenled. — Mr. Holwell was carried to him with his Hands bound, and upon complaining of that Usage, the Nabob gave Orders for looting his Hands, and allured him, upon the Faith of a Soldier, that not a Hair of our Heads should be hurt. The Nabob then held a kind of Durbar in the open Area, fitting in his Litter, where Kijfindafs (who had been kept a Prisoner by us during the Siege) was font for, and publicly presented with a Seerpaw, or honorary Dress. The Armenians and Portuguese were fot at Liberty, and suffered to go to their own Houses. Between Six and Seven Serajah Dcnvla left the Fort, the Charge whereof was given to Monickchund, as Governor: They learched every Part of the House, to prevertt Treachery; and in the Dusk of the Evening the MufTul-inen sung a Thanksgiving to Allah, for the Success they had met with.

Hifhe r to we had fared extremely well; and as we had been left unmolested in our Persons so long, our Apprehensions of ill Ufiige and Barbarity began to vanish; and we evert, entertained Hopes, not only of getting our Liberty, but being tuffered to re-establish our Affairs, and carry on our Business, upon the Terms the Subah liad poirrtted out in the Mufchulka Messrs. Watts and Collett w ^re made to sign: But these Hopes and Expec-tions w re very loon changed into as great a Reverse as hum ixn Creatures evet felt; the Circumstance of the Black fc — dole Affair, with all the Horrors of that Night, are so w ell known, and so much surpass any Description that ords can paint it in, that I shall say no more -upon tVaat Subject:, than that a little before Eight we were aLY of us directed to withdraw, and remain in a Place cotit'&'vious to the Black Hole (where our Soldiers were iifually confined in the Stocks.) — While we were wondering what this should mean, and laughing at the Odd'ty of it, a Party of Fellows came and ordered us to walk into the Place before mentioned, called the Black Hole, a Room, or rather Dungeon, about 18 Feet long, and 14 wide, with only Two Holes, barricaded with Iron Bars, to let in Air, which opened Into a low Piazza, where a Guard was set: Into this Hole we were forcibly crammed about Eight o’Clock in the Evening, and the Door immediately locked upon us. — The Number of Souls thrust into this Dungeon were near 150, among which was One Woman, and Twelve of the wounded Officers: The Heat and Stench presently grew intolerable; some of our Company expired very Icon after being put in; others grew mad, and having lost their Senses, died in a high Delirium. — All we could urge to the Guard set over us, could not prevail upon them cither to set us at Liberty or separate us into different Prisons, which we desired, and Offered Money to obtain, but to no Purpose; and when We were released, at Eight o’Clock the next Morning, only 22 came out alive.

The Witness being asked, Whether he remembered the Terms of the Mufchulka, signed between Mr. Watts and the Nabob ? he said. To the best of his Remembrance Vol. 33.

Mail. 799

it was, that, we should carry on Trade as other Merchants, and without any Exemption by our Firmaund.

Being asked. Whether he had Reafori to believe, that any Money or other Present was given or offered by Kijfindafs for the Protection given him ? he laid, He did not know or believe that any Money or Present of any Kind was given by Kijfindafs', or any of his Friends, directly or indirectly, to the Governor pr any other Member of the Committee; He believed, that Mr. Drake really refuted to deliver up Kijfindafs to the Nabob; and laid, that Omichmd was a Prisoner; but was not sure whether Kjd'.dajs was kept in the Factory against his Content or not; that the Reason of being a

Pi ifoner, was, that Mr. Drake suspected him of being a Fomenter of the Troubles: — That the only Offence with which the Nabob charged Kijfindafs, when he demanded him, was only, that he was a Tenant of the Sircar; he did not. know of any other Tenant or Officer of the Country Government that was protected at Calcutta.

The Witness further said, That he did hot believe the Nabob had any Intention of a Mafiacre when he confined the English in the Black Hole} but that his Intent ion was merely toconfine them for the Night, without knowing whether the Prison was great or small; he said, that Mr. Holwell was carried to the Nabob after he was released from the Black Hole, and that he heard afterwards, that he and Three or Four other Gentlemen were put in Irons and sent up the Country; and very hardly treated; that those who were not confined with Mr. Hol- well were set at Liberty; that he never heard the Nabob expressed the least Concern at the Catastrophe that had happened in the Black Hole, but always understood that he received the Account with total Indifference; he likewise understood, that the Nabob sent for Mr. Holwell before him, to discover where the Treasures were, and that he was extremely surpri2ed to find the Treasury so low; there was not above £. 5,000 in the Company’s Treasury: That at the re-taking of Calcutta every Thing found in the Settlement was restored to those who could make out their Claims: — The Army and Navy did not touch any Part of it; what was found was -not of great Value; there was a great deal of the Company’s Broad Cloth, but very little private Property.

' The Witness believed, that upon the Loss of tutta, there was not a Man who was not ruined, excepting one Gentleman, who had remitted Part of his Fortune Home; and that the Loss of the Company was very great: That it was supposed the Restitution made afterwards was more than equivalent; a great Quantity of the Company’s Goods were restored at the Re-capture, both at Calcutta and other Places; and whatever came into the Hands of the Sircar was delivered up again.

The Witness being asked; What Anl'wer the Dutch and French Factories returned to Serajah s Appli-

cation for Assistance, as mentioned in a former Part of his Evidence ? said; He believed they declined to assist him.

Richard Becher, Esquire, being again called to inform

the Committee What he knew of the State of the Company’s Affairs, after the Taking of said, That

in the August following he joined the President, and other Gentlemen, at Fulta, where after they had Intelligence that Admiral with Troops from

Madrass, was coming to their Assistance; and when it was judged they might be nearly expected, the Council deputed Mr. Watts, himself, and Mr. Matkett, to meet the Admiral in Balafore Road; that they met him ifi the Month oC.December, he not arriving sooner.

Being asked, By whom Calcutta was retaken? he said. That Admiral Watson, and the Men of War, proceeded up the River; and that Troops were landed; but whether Admiral Watson or the Forces took it, he cannot answer. — That he was on Board a Ship that was following the Squadron, and that the Ships assisted in

taking

East India Affair*.

Soo 26° Ma . 1772.

India taking it; and was no Judge whether the Place would *" ever have been re-taken if Admiral had not been

there; that the Number of Troops landed amounted to 400 or 450 Europeans, and 17 or 1800 Sepoys; that the Moors left Calcutta the Second of January 1757, and that there was no Capitulation.

In Answer to the Question, By whom was Calcutta taken Possession of? he replied, It was delivered over by Admiral Watson to Mr. Drake.

Being asked, Whether he remembered the first Idea of setting up Meer Jaffier, anddepofing Shujah he laid, He could not be positive; he believed about the Month of May 1757.

And being asked, If he recollected what Money was stipulated to be given to the Select Committee, in case that Affair was brought about ? he said. That his Situation confined him to Calcutta during the Years 1757, 1758, and 1759, and therefore could not give any Answer about Transactions out of Calcutta. — That Mr. Watts, who was Agent for the Company at,

wrote Word, that Mccr would make feme Consideration to the Navy, Army, and others, who should be instrumental in promoting his Advancement to the Subahship, by way of Donation. — That by others he understood at that Time was Mr. Watts himself, who was upon the Spot at Muxadavad; and that he Gould not recollect who was upon the Spot, besides.

He said. He was the first Person who mentioned the Reasonableness and Propriety, that the Gentlemen of that Committee, who really set the whole Machine in Motion, should be likewise considered on that Occasion; and in consequence, that Mr. Watts was wrote to, to the Effect he had mentioned, viz. That as there were to be Donations to the Army, Navy, it was but reasonable the other Gentlemen should be considered: He said. That this Letter does not appear upon the public Proceedings — That he should conclude, that on the public Service, every 'thing was to be entered by the Select Committee; but this Letter was not fb considered; the Select Committee consisted of the President, Mr. Drake, Colonel Clive, Mr. , Major Kilpatrick, and himself; the Committee was appointed by the Court of Directors, and Colonel Clive was taken in as Second.

The Witness further informed your Committee, That so far from any Sum being stipulated to his Knowledge, he did not know any Thing of the Sum till some Time after Meer JaJjier was established in the Subahship. — That some Time after, an Account was lent to the Committee, that Meer Jaffier thought proper to make Presents to fbme particular Gentlemen, and the Company had wrote Word that they should not interfere in any private Donations from the Nabob to the Company^ Servants; that the Sums he knew of were to the Governor 2 Lack and 80,000 Rupees; Colonel Clive the fame; to the rest of the Gentlemen 2 Lack and 40,000 each. — That he always understood the Admiral was considered as a Commander in Chief of the Navy, in a Sum separate, which he does not know the Amount of; that he esteemed Colonel Clive as a Member of the Committee, and did not esteem Admiral Wat Jon as belonging to it; he believes one Gentleman of the Council in Bengal (Mr. Bottom) did fend a small Sum to the Representatives of Admiral Watson, but he does not know what it was j — that he knows of no Stipulation for particular Sums, but each of the Council, who were not Members of the Committee, received a Lack of Rupees j they were Six or Seven in Number; an Account was sent in Writing; it was a Letter directed to the Governor; he does not know who it was signed by, but believes by Mr. W, Colonel Clive, and Mr;

Manningham; he considered it as a private Letter, and therefore apprehends it was not entered — he knows of no other private Donations, but has heard of such; he cannot recoiled from whom; and never difeourfed with Mr. Watts upon the Subject.

Being quessioned, Whether, in the course of the Negotiation with Meer Jaffier, he knew any Thing of Two Treaties of the same Date, one real, and the ether fiditious? The Witness said, That he apprehended the only Treaty flood publicly upon the Company’s Records; that while this Affair was upon the Anvil, Mr. Watts employed a Black Merchant, residing at CaUutu (by Name Omichund),who insisted cn having no less a

Sum than 20 Lacks of Rupees from Meer Jaffier, *n case of Success 5 that Mr. Watts represented to the Gentlemen in Calcutta, that Jaffier was so averse

to the allowing that Sum to Omichund, that lie would rather all Treaties should be broke off, than content to it, or something to that Effect; and further represented, that he himself believed that Omichund was acting a doerble Part, and would deceive both the English and Jaffier. In consequence of these Representations, it was judged by the Gentlemen, that Omichund was no way meriting that Reward, and therefore they did not infilt on it, but thought it necessary, for the Security and Safety of the Company, to keep Omichund from the Knowledge of their Sentiments; in consequence of which Two Papers were transmitted to Mr. Watts; in one of which Omichund was mentioned, and in the other not; the Design being to prevent the ill Consequences which might have enlued, if Omichund got a Notion that he was hot to have the Money. — The Witness believes the Two Papers were signed by Admiral Watson and the Gentlemen of the Committee.

Being asked, Whether Admiral Watfoh signed the fiditious Agreement, or whether he, at that Time, heard of Admiral Watson s ferupling, or refusing to sign ? he said. He thinks the fiditious Treaty was sent to him to be signed, but does not recoiled whether that and the other Treaty were transmitted to him by Writing, or by Messenger, or by whom; neither does he know whether he signed it or not, nor does he recoiled that he heard of his refusing to sign it.

The Witness further laid, in relation to the Transaction with Omichund, That he thinks he heard that Omichund insisted upon the Sum of 5 per Cent, on all the late Nabob’s Treasures, exclusive of the Sum of 20 Lack j and threatened to betray the whole Negociation, if his Demands were not complied with; that Mr. represented the Apprehensions he had of his doing -so, if he was not kept in the Dark.

The Witness knows of no Letter from Mr. Watts saying. He believed the Nabob’s Treasures amounted to 40,000,000, and therefore dissuading the Committee from agreeing to give 5 per Cent, upon that Sum, but rather to give a specified Sum.

The Witness being asked. Whether he knew any Thing of the additional Article to the Treaty with jaffier Ali Khan, said. He believed the 13th Article, or fbme-

thing similar, was added; and does not recoiled the Circumstances of transmitting the Articles to the Directors.

It is 29 Years since the Witness left England in the Company’s Service.

The next Witness your Committee called, was Francis Sykes, Esquire; who being requested to inform the Committee what he knew of the Transaction with Omichund, said, That in the Year 1737 he was Rationed at the subordinate Fadory, called Coffimbuzar, in Council; that he does not know particularly the Terms demanded by Omichund; but being on a Visit to Mr. Watts, he found him under great Anxiety; that he took him aside, and told him Omichund had been threatening to betray them to Serajah Dowla, and would have them all murdered that Night, unless he would give them some Assurances that the Sum promised him by Mr. Walts should be made good; — that upon this Visit Mr. Watts further said, That he was under the greatest Anxiety how to counterad the Defighs of Omichund; the Witness could so far say, on his own Part, that Omichund1 % Conduct in the whole Scene of

that

12 Geo. III. 26°

that Business was always suspected, and that he had Spies upon Mr. Watts's Conduct — he apprehends that nothing was reduced to Paper at that Time; that it was only talked of between and Mr.

and believes it was only a verbal Promise; he further said, That Serajah Dowla was at Muxadavad at that Time, and was visited frequently by Mr. Watts — that he (the Witness) was in the Service about 20 Years,

from 1749 to 1769.

Your Committee next called upon.

Sir George Pocock, to state what Circumstances he knew concerning the Attack upon —

Who informed your Committee, That he did not enter the River Bengal with Admiral Watson, but that the Place surrendered to that Admiral; that it was afterwards garrisoned by Officers and Seamen; and in June a Detachment, of a Lieutenant, 7 Midshipmen, and 50 Private Men, was lent to Lord Clive.

The Witness was clearly of Opinion, That the Resolution could hot have been brought about without the Affillance of the King’s Ships then in the River; he does not recoiled: the Number of the King’s Troops, but thinks there might be about 300. — The Company’s Troops assisted in taking the Place.

The Right honourable Lord being desired to

relate to your Committee what be knew of the Transaction of the above Period, said, That when he returned to England in 1755, the first Time, the Court of Directors solicited him to go out again; they obtained for him His Majesty’s Commission of Lieutenant Colonel, and appointed him Deputy Governor of Fort Saint David, and to succeed to the Government of Madrass; but before he went to his Government they wished him to undertake an Expedition of great Importance, provided Colonel Scott (who had been strongly recommended by the Duke of Cumberland) did not chuse to undertake the Expedition himself. — The Intent of the Expedition was to join the Mahrattoes at Bombay, and in Conj u ndion with them toattack the French, in the Subah of ther Decan-, for which he carried out three Companies of the King’s A rtillery, and 3 or 400 of the King’s Troops. That -when he arrived at Bombay, in the Beginning of the ear 1756, there was a Truce between the Two Nations, and Colonel Scott was dead. — He found there Adrrx iral Watson and Sir George Pocock with his Squadron _---- It was thought adviseable that these Troops

Ihou. X d not lie idle, and that there was a fair Opportunity -y of taking Ghereah,a strong Fort pofl'efled by an rn Prince (Atigria) and who, upon all Occasions, very much distressed the Company. — That he com-jrvary<3ed the Land Troops on that Expedition; and Mr. iVaxfon commanded by Sea. — -The Enterprize succeeded, and the Prize Money amounted to £.150,000. That a\tHough he commanded the Land Forces, by virtue of Bis Rank, he (hared only as a Captain of a Man of War. Admiral Watson thought his Cale lb hard, that he very generoully offered to make his Share equal to Sir George Pocock's; he thought himself as much obliged

to him for the Offer as if he bad accepted it, but he declined the Offer. — That after that he went to his Deputy Government at Fort Saint David, about April 1756; that in August 1756, he was called from thence to »Madrass, on the News of the Capture of it was long debated by the Council what Force should be sent to retake Calcutta, and who should command it; it was decided in his Favour, and the Wilh of every Officer that he should go upon that Expedition.

In the Beginning of Oc the Troops were ready, and there was received on board Admiral s

Squadron, and other Transports, about 700 Europeans belonging to the Company, and 1,200 Sepoys — There was likewise a Detachment of 250 of s Regiment, to serve as Marines — That they embarked about the 15th of October-, and after they had been some Time at Sea, a Council was held on board Admiral s

Ship, to settle the Distribution of Prize Money; and Vol. 33.

Maii. 801

it was proposed that it should be settled upon the same Plan as it was at Ghereah — That he objected to it, be* cause he thought it bore too hard upon the Military; and would not consent to Division of Prize Money upon any other Division than of Two equal Parts, that one Half should go to the Military, and the other to the Navy — This was agreed to; and they arrived in Ballafore Rdad early in December; and it was agreed that the Squadron should go up the River to Calcutta; and he looks upon that Attempt to be as daring and meritorious an Attempt as ever was made in His, Majesty’s Sea Service’. — That they met with some flight Obstructions till they approached near Calcutta. — When the Squadron came within a few Miles of Calcutta, he desired Admiral Watson would giye Orders for landing the Company’s Troops; accordingly they were landed; and at the same Time the Ships went by Water, the Troops went by Land. — The Garrifdn of upon

the Approach of the Ships, and of the Land Forces, abandoned the Fort after a few Shot fired by the Squadron, and a few returned by the Fort. — That when he entered the Fort at the Head of the Company’s Troops, Captain Coote presented to him a Commission from Admiral Watson, appointing him Governor of the Fort. — That he denied any Authority Admiral Watson had to appoint an inferior Officer in the King’s Service Governor of the Fort, and told Captain Coote, if he disobeyed his Orders, he would put him under an Arrest. — Captain Coote obeyed, and desired Leave to acquaint Admiral Watson with these Particulars; upon which Admiral Watson sent Captain Speke to him to know by what Authority he took upon himself the Command of that Fort. — He answered by Authority of His Majesty’s Commission, as Lieutenant Colonel, and being Commander in Chief of the Land Forces. — Captain Speke went on Board with that Message; he returned, and brought for Answer, That if he did not abandon the Fort he should be fired out. — In Answer, he laid. He could not answer for the Consequences, but that he would not abandon the Fort — Upon which Captain Latham was sent; and when the Matter was talked over cooly, it was soon settled; for he told Captain Speke and Captain Latham repeatedly, that if Admiral Watson would come and command himself he had no Manner of Objection. — That Admiral Watson did come on Shore; he delivered the Keys of the Garrison into his Hands, and he delivered them to the Governor and Council of Calcutta.

His Lord ship further said. That he was sent from Madrass with a Power independant of the Governor and Council of Calcutta. — He commanded in Bengal as the King’s Officer and the Company’s both. — The King’s Troops, when on Shore, were under him; he was Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in by a Commission from the Governor and Council of Madrass, on his setting out on that Expedition. — The Governor and Council of Madrass looked on the Government of Bengal as annihilated. — They thought, if he had not the independant Command, the Governor and Council of Bengal would retain the Troops which they thought necessary should return to Madrass. — He took the Command as a Military Officer. — The Governor and Council of Calcutta put their Troops under hi* Orders.

That when he came to examine into the State of the Fort, he found it was n»t defencible; it had no Ditch; the Bastions did not deserve the Name of Bastions; the Fort was surrounded by Houses, within 40 Yards of the Walls, which commanded the Fortifications. — That he suggested to the Governor and Council the Necessity of destroying them, and making a Ditch round the Fort without Delay. — That he was convinced that a defensive War would prove destructive. — He desired Admiral Watson would land the King’s Troops, to reinforce those of the Company. — Great Part of the Forces that went out from Madrass upon this Expedition

9 S were

Ball India Affairs.

8o4 26° Maili 1772.

East India were not arrived. — The Admiral landed the King’s Affairs. Forces, amounting to 250 Men; and those, added to the Company’s, might make 700 and 1,200

Sepoys. — That with these Troops they took the Field, at about Four Miles from , and encamped in a

strong Situation, and entrenched themselves in Expectation of Serajak Dowla and his Army, who were upon their March to Calcutta. — Serajah Dowla in a few Days arrived; paded within about Half a Mile of their Camp, and encamped his Army at the Back of Calcutta. — At the same Time that he was marching to this Ground, he made Offers of Treaty, and intimated to him by Letters, that he wished to conclude a Peace with the East btdia Company: — He encamped about Six o’Clock

in the Evening, at the Back of . — By this

' Time, the Terror of his March had frighted away all the Natives, and his Lordship saw, that if something was not done; the Squadron and Land Forces would soon be starved out of the Country. — That he lent Mr.

Walsh and Mr. Scrafton to the Nabob, about Seven that Evening; they returned about Eleven, and allured him. They thought the Nabob was not sincere in his Intentions for Peace, and that he meant Treachery. — That he went immediately on board Admiral s

Ship, and represented to him the Necessity of attacking the Nabob without Delay; and desired the Assistance of or $00 Sailors to carry the Ammunition, which he assented to: The Sailors were landed about One o’Clock in the Morning, about Two the Troops were under Arms; and about Four they marched to the Attack of the Nabob’s Camp. — It was his Intentions to have seized his Cannon, and attacked his Head Quarters; but when Daylight appeared, there arose so thick a Fog, that it was impossible for the Army to lee Three Yards before them, which continued till they had marched through the whole Army. — He cannot ascertain the Loss the Enemy suffered, but it was reported very considerable. — Our Loss amounted to about 150 killed and wounded. — That they continued their March to the Fort, where the Troops were allowed an Hour to rest, and ordered back to Camp. — In the Evening Serajah Dowla and his Army got to about 8 or 10 Miles from them, he sent a Letter to him and Admiral IV-itJon, that he desired to treat with them; upon which it was agreed to receive his Proposals without Delay; and a Treaty was concluded, which is upon the Company’s Records. — The Reason that it was not more advantageous than it was, was that they had just received Advice of a War with , and the French had within the Garrison of Chandernagore almost as many Europeans as they had in the Field; and if they had joined Serajah Dowla before the Con-elusion of the Peace, they must have been undone; for there wanted only Lome, intelligent Person to advise him not to fight at all, and they should have been ruined. — While this Treaty was carrying on, the French sent a Deputation to propose Neutrality, it being long debated, whether a Neutrality should be accepted of — Serajah Dowla forbid the English to attack the and declared, If they did, he would become their Enemy. — That he had no Doubt.but he would become their Enemy the first Opportunity that offered, and that he meant, with their Assistance, to drive them out of Bengal. — He supplied them with Money publicly, and sent 1,500 Men to be ready to give them their Assistance. — During this Time, a Reinforcement of Troops was received from Bombay, and it was taken into Consideration by the Committee, whether they should undertake the Attack of Chandernagore, at the Ri(k of displeasing the Nabob, and having his Army to encounter. — That the Members of this Committee were, Mr. Drake, Himself, Major , and Mr.

Bee her: — Mr. Becker gave his Opinion for a Neutrality, Major Kilpatrick for a Neutrality; — his Lordship gave his Opinion for the Attack of the Place; Mr. gave an Opinion that nobody could make any

thing of: Major Kilpatrick then asked him, Whether he thought the Forces and Squadron could attac Chandernagore, and the Nabob’s Army, at the same Time? — he said, He thought they could; upon which. Major Kilpatrick desired to withdraw his Opinion, and to be of his Lordship’s. — They voted Mr. Drake's no Opinion at all; and Major Kilpatrick and he, being the Majority, a Letter was wrote to Admiral desiring him to co-operate in the Attack on *

gore. — The Land Forces marched first, and beset the Place, made themselves Masters of the Out Works, and erected Two Batteries, One about 120 Yards off the Walls, of Six 32 Pounders, and another of Three 32 Pounders, about 150 Yards off the Walls. — By this Time the Squadron came up the River. — Thai they surmounted Difficulties, which he believed nd other Ships could have done; and it is impossible for him to do the Officers of the Squadron Justice upon that Occasion: — The Place surrendered to them, and it was in a great Measure taken by them; but his Lordship does believe, that the Place would have been taken by the Army, if the Squadron had not come up: It must have fallen into their Hands, but not so soon. — And he must say. That he thinks, if the Land Forces and Sepoys could have been landed in Calcutta, every Event which has happened, would have happened without the Assistance of the Fleet. That after Chanderna-gorewas resolved to be attacked, he repeatedly said to the Committee, as well as to others. That they could not (top there, but must go further: That having established themselves by Force, and not by Consent of the Nabob, he would endeavour by Force to drive them out again. — That they had numberless Proofs of his Intentions; many upon Record; and his Lordship said. He did fugged to Admiral Watson and Sir r,

as well as to the Committee, the Necessity of a Resolution. — Mr. Watson and the Gentlemen of the Committee agreed upon the Necessity of it; and the Management of that Resolution was, with Content of the Committee, left to Mr. Wa and him. — Mr. Watts was Resident at Muxadavad\ he corresponded with him in Cypher; and his Lordship sent the Intelligence to the Governor and Committee; and Mr. Watson was always consulted, but declined being a Member of that Committee. — Great Diflat isfadt ion arising among Serajah Dowla's Troops, a favourable Opportunity offered, and Meer jfajfierwas pitched upon to be the

Person to place in the room of Serajah Dowla', in consequence of which, a Treaty was formed, which, amongst others, confided of the following Articles: That A, 1 >200,000 should be given to the Company; — A- 600,000 to the European Sufferers; 600,000 to

the Navy and Army; about 2 50,000 to the Natives

of the Country; and about 100,000, to the Armenians.this was settled, his Lordship remembers, that Mr. Becker suggested to the Committee, That he thought that Committee, who managed the great Machine of Government, was intitled to some Consideration as well as the Navy and Army. — In consequence of which, Mr. Watts was wrote to upon the Subject; but what that Consideration was, he never knew till after the Battle of Plajjy; and when he was informed of it by Mr.- Watts, he thought it too much, and proposed, that the Council should have a Share in it; the Sums received were, he believed, as Mr. Becker had dated. — Upon this being known, Mr. Watson applied, That he was intitled to a Share in that Money. — He agreed in Opinion with the Gentlemen, when this Application was made: That Mr. was not one

of the Committee; but at the same Time did Justice to his Services, and proposed to the Gentlemen, to contribute as much as would make his Share equal to the Governor’s and his own: About 3 or consented to it, but the rest wrould not. That he sent the Proportion of the Share he had received. — Some Years ago the Heirs of Admiral Watson filed a Bill in Chancery,

wherein

L3OOQ I

12 Geo III. 2

803

wherein it was set forth as a Right; he denied that Right, but never had any Objection to add his Proportion to the rest, if that Claim was withdrawn. — The Money was paid by Instalments, in the same Proportion as to the Army and Navy; and he sent his Proportion of the first Instalment to Mr. for Ad-

miral Wat Jon. — The Law Suit dropt, and he has heard no more of it since. — His Lordship observed. That at that Time, there were no Covenants existing; the Company’s Servants were at Liberty to receive Presents; they always had received Presents; and his Idea of Pre- fents is as follows: When Presents are received as the Price of Services to the Nation, to the Company, and to that Prince who bestowed those Presents; when they are not exacted from him by Compulsion; when he is in a State of Independance, and can do with his Money what he pleases, and when they are not received to the Disadvantage of the Company; he holds Presents so received not dishonourable: But when they are received from a dependant Prince; when they are received for no Services whatever; and when they are received not voluntarily; he holds the Receipt of such Presents dishonourable. — He never made the least Secret of the Presents he had received; he acquainted the Court of Directors with it; and they, who are his Masters, and were the only Persons who had a Right to object to his receiving those Presents, approved of it.

His Lordship then read to the Committee the following Extract from a printed Pamphlet, intituled, " A Letter to the Proprietors of the " East India Stock, from Lord Clive," together with Two Letters thereunto annexed.

-Every Thing being agreed on between Meer Jaffier and the Secret Committee, we marched the Army to meet the Nabob, whom we entirely defeated: — His Death followed soon after, and Meer jaffier was in a few ' "ays ii> JPossession of the Government, and of a Revenue of TTiree Millions and a Half Sterling per Annum. — The On e-half of the Secret Committee being then present sat the Capital, and a Report made by the Nabob’s N/Xinifter of the State of the Treasury, it was settled that Half the Sum stipulated by Treat y should be paid in Three Months, and the other Half in Three Years; all conditionally, that we supported him in the Go 'vernment. — The Nabob then, agreeable to the known and usual Custom of Eastern Princes, made Prelvnts, both to those of his own Court, and to such of the -Eng/i/hwho by their Rank and Abilities hail

been in strumental in the happy Success of so hazardous tvn Lnt. terprize, suitable to the Rank and Dignity of a greaefc Prince. — I was one amongst the many who be-nenUeci by his Favour; I never fought to conceal it; but declared publicly, in my Letters to the Secret (Committee of the India Directors, that the Nabob’s Generality had made my Fortune caly, and that, the Company’s Welfare was now my only Motive for Raying in India. What Injustice Was this to the Company; They could expect no more than what was stipulated in the Treaty: Or what Injunction was I under to refute a Present from him, who had the Power to make me one, as the Reward of honourable Services ? I know of none; I had surely myself a particular, Claim, by having devoted my left to the Company’s Military Service, and neglected all commercial Advantages. What Real on.can. then be given, or what Pretence could the Company have to expect, that I, after having rilked my Life so often in their Service, flibuld deny myself the only honourable Opportunity that ever offered, of acquiring a Fortune without Prejudice to them, who, it is evident would not have had more for my having had less ? When the Company had acquired a Million and a Half Sterling, and a Revenue of near £. 100,000 per Annum, from the Success of their Forces under my Command; when ample Restoration had been made to those whose Fortunes suffered by the Calamity of Calcutta; and when Vol. 33.

Individuals had, in consequence of that Success, ac- East India quired large Estates; what would the World have said, Affair:-had I come Home, and rested upon the Generality of the present Court of Directors ? — It is well known to every Gentleman in Bengal, that the Honour of my Country, and the Interest of the Company, were the Principles that governed all my Actions; and that, had I only taken the advantageous Opportunities that prfe-fented themselves, by my being Commander in Chief; and at the Head of a victorious Army, and what by the Custom of that Country 1 was.intitled to, the Jag-hire itleif, great as it is, would have been an Object. scarce worth my Consideration.

The City of Muxadavad is as extensive, populous, and rich, as the City of London; with this Difference, that there are Individuals in the first, posselfing infinitely greater Proper!}' than any in the last City: These, as well as every other Man of Property, made me the greatest Offers (which nevertheless are usual upon such Occasions, and what they expected would have been required) and had I accepted these Offers, I might have been in Post’eflion of Millions, which the present Court of Directors could not have dispoflell’ed me of:

But preferring the Reputation of the Euglijlt Nation, the Interest of the Nabob, and the Advantage of the Company, to all pecuniary Considerations, I refused all Offers that were made me, not only then, but to the last Hour of my Continuance in the Company’s Service in Bengal; and do challenge Friend or Enemy to bring one lingle Instance of my being influenced by interested Motives to the Company’s Disadvantage; or to do any Act that could reflect Dishonour to my Country, or the Company, in any one Action of my Administration, either as Governor or Commanding Officer. — I little expected ever to have had my Conduct: impeached, or. to have received such Treatment from the Court of Directors, especially after the many public and honourable Testimonies of Approbation I had received.

Copy of Company’s Letter to Colonel Clive, March 8,

1758-

SIR,

Our Sentiments of Gratitude, for the many great Services you have rendered to this Company, together with the Thanks of the General Court, have been hitherto conveyed through the Channel of our General Letters; but the late extraordinary and unexpected Resolution in Bengal, in which you had so great a Share

of Action, both in the Cabinet and the Field, merits our more particular Regard; and we do accordingly embrace this Opportunity of returning you our most sincere and hearty Thanks for the Zeal, good Conduct, and Intrepidity, which you' have so eminently exerted on this glorious Occasion, as well as for the great and solid Advantages resulting therefrom to the East India Company: We earnefty wish your Health may permit

your Continuance in India, for such further Term as will give you an Opportunity of securing the Foundation you have laid; as likewise to give your Assistance in putting the Company’s Mercantile and Civil Affairs on a proper and advantageous Footing, upon the Plans how transmitted. For this Purpose, as well as in Consideration of your eminent Services, we have appointed you Governor and President of Fort IVII/iaM in Bernal, and its Dependencies, in the Manner mentioned in the General Letter, by this Conveyance; to which we have annexed an additional Allowance of

£. 1,000 a Year, as a Testimony of our great Regard for you.

Company’s General Letter to Bengal, dated March 8,

1758-

Paragraph the 23d. In our Letter of the 3d Instant, we lamented the Situation of the many unhappy People

who

feiftlodii

Affair*.

804 160 M . 1772.

who had loll their Property on the Capture of Fort liam, and had no Relief from the Treaty concluded with the late Nabob: In Compassion to their Sufferings, we recommended your applying to him on their Behalf for Relief, if you had the lead Probability of Succeeding.

It is with great Pleasure we find that the late happy Resolution, and your Care, have produced what we had very little Reason to expeCl from the late Nabob, a Grant from the present Nabob of such large Sums, to make good the Losses of the several Inhabitants, as we are satisfied are much more than sufficient to indemnify them, even with Interest thereon. Although the Nabob gives the Company a Crore of Rupees, yet, when the immense Expence of maintaining the Settlement at Fulta, the Military Charges of our Troops from Fort Saint George and Bombay, and the Hazard those Presidencies have been exposed to by drawing them off from thence; the Charges of Fortifications and Rebuildings, replacing Stores, increase of our Garrison, the Loss of a Season’s Investments, if not more, and many other obvious Particulars, are taken into the Account, it will appear that the Company will still be considerable Sufferers. It is highly reasonable therefore, if the several Inhabitants are paid out of the Money stipulated in the Treaty with the Nabob for that Purpose, the full Amount of their respective Losses, together with Interest thereon, that all the Surplus should be applied to the Company’s Use: We shall expect to hear you have acted in this Manner, and that such Surplus has been accordingly deposited in our Calli; and we direct that you observe this as a Rule for your Conduct in the Distribution of any further Sums of Money on this Account. We do not intend by this to break in upon any Sums of Money which have been given by the Nabob to particular Persons, by way of Free Gift, or Gratuity, for their Services. It is the Surplus of the Sums We mean, which are agreed to be paid by the Nabob in the 5th, 6th, and 7th Articles of the Treaty with him. It is thought proper here to acquaint you, that such Surplusses, whatever they are, we propose to expend in such Manner, as will tend to the general Utility and Security of the Settlement *, they are therefore to be referred for our farther Orders; and you are hereby directed to transmit us, for our Information, exact Accounts of every Person’s Loss, whether or other

Inhabitants, on the late Capture of Fort William, and what has been paid to each of them in particular, by way of Indemnification for the fame, out of the Monies granted by the Nabob for that Purpose.

As to the fidtitious Treaty, Lord Clive informed your Committee, That when Mr. Watts had nearly accom-pliftved the Means of carrying that Resolution into Execution, he acquainted him, by Letter, that a fresh Difficulty had started; that Omickund had infilled upon 5 per Cent, on all the Nabob’s Treasures, and 30 Lack in Money; and threatened, if he did not comply with that Demand, he would immediately acquaint Serajah with what was going on, and Mr. Watts should be put to Death: — That when he received this Advice, he thought Art and Policy warrantable in defeating the Purposes of such a Villain; and that his Lordship himself formed the Plan of the fidtitious Treaty, to which the Committee contented; it was sent to Admiral Jon, who objected to the Ggning of it; but to the bell of his Remembrance gave the Gentleman who carried it (Mr. Lv.Jhinglon)Leave to sign his Name upon it

That his Lordlliip never made any Secret of it} he thinks it warrantable in such a Cafe, and would do it again a hundred Times: He had no interested Motive in doing it, and did it with a Design ofdisappointing the Expectations of a rapacious Man: — That he never heard that Mr. Watts had made a Promise to Omichund of any Money, directly or indirectly That when he was last Abroad, he had given the same Account, which is entered in the public Proceedings: — That Omichund was employed only as an Agent to Mr. Watts, as having most

Knowledge of Serajah Dowla’s Court; and had Commission to deal with 3 or more of the Court s

only Chance of obtaining Retribution was depending on this Treaty: — He did not believe that Omichund was personally known to Meer Jaffier, but through Mr. Watts.

When the Army marched, Meer Jaffier had promised that he and his Son would join them with a large Force at Cutwa: — When they arrived there, they fawr no Appearance of Force to join them; but received letters from Meer Jaffier, informing him, that the Nabob had suspected his Design, and made him swear on the Koran, that he would not aft against him; and therefore he could not give the promised Assistance; but that when they met Serajah Dowla in the Field, he would then aft: — At the same Time Omichund received Two or Three Letters from the Nabob’s Camp, that the Affair was discovered, and that Meer Jaffier and the Nabob were one. — That his Lord fh ip was much puzzled; for he thought it extremely hazardous to pass a River, which is only fordable in one Place, hiarch 150 Miles up the Country, and ri/k a Battle, when, if a Defeat ensued, not one Man would have returned to tell it.

In this Situation he called a Council of War; and the Question he put was. Whether they should cross the River, and attack Serajah Dowla with their own Force alone, or wait for further Intelligence ? Every Member gave their Opinion against the Attack, till they had received further Intelligence, except Captains Coote and Grant. His Lordship observed, this was the only Council of War that ever he held, and if he had abided by that Council, it would have been the Ruin of the India Company. After about 24 Hours mature Consideration, his Lordship said, He took upon himself to break through the Opinion of the Council, and ordered the Army to cross the River: — He did not reeoliett any Memorial from Captain Coote upon that Occasion, nor was he of Rank sufficient at that Time to have any Influence upon his Conduct; and whatever he did upon that Occasion, he did without receiving Advice from any one.

Lord Clive further laid, in Explanation of the aforegoing Evidence, That Calcutta was taken by Serajah Dowla in June 1756, upon the Pretence of a Black Merchant being protected by the English: That Mr. Watts was Two or Three Months employed in the Negociation of the Resolution; and the Correspondence was carried on entirely between himself and Mr. Watts-, that he did not know exactly the Amount of the Treasure of Serajah Dowla, but believed about Three or Four Millions'; that the final Terms of the Agreement between Meer Jaffier and Mr. Watts were not agreed on till a few Days before the March of the Army; that Mr. Lushington was the Person who signed Admiral

Watson's Name, by his Lordship’s Order.

John Waljh, Esquire, being here called to give an Account of what he knew of the fidlitious Treaty, said. That he and Mr. Lushington went together to

Calcutta, with the Treaty; a Letter from Colonel Clive was carried by him and Mr. Lushington from the French Gardens, where the Army then lay, to the Committee, and he returned with the Treaties signed in the Evening; that he cannot recoiled: whether he went to Ad-ral Watson, nor now recoiled: the whole Transaction: — He only recolleds that the Treaties were sent and brought back again: That his Idea has always been, that Mr. Watson refused to sign the fictitious Treaty, but permitted Mr. Lushington to do it for him: That the fictitious Treaty was called Lol Cog-gedge, from being wrote on.red Paper; and he remembered Omichund was very earnest in his Enquiry after that particular Paper, after the Nabob was put upon the Mufnud.

Lord Clive further acquainted the Committee, That all the Letters in Cypher, which passed between Mr. Watts and himself, are not entered in the Country Correspondence, or any where else; that he had got forae of the Letters, but did not know whether he had the

Letter

hGe6. III. 26° Mail 809

Evidence he had made a Mistake in respect to the Number of the Council of War, who on the 21st of June voted for the immediate Attack of Dtnola, and laid, he might very easily have been led into that Mistake, the Event having happened 15 Years ago, and he not having consulteda single Record from that Time to this; that although he might have informed Captain Coote of his Resolution to attack SerajAh , notwithstanding the Opinion of that Council of War, he did imagine that he had not concluded upon the whole Plan till 24 Hours after, because the Troops did not cross the River to make that Attack till the 22d of June in the Evening, and the Discourse between Captain Coote and him was the 21st in the Morning. — His Lordship also observed, with regard to another Part of his Evidence, that he certainly should not have declared that "Admiral Watson had consented to have his Name put to the fictitious Treaty, if he had not understood so from Mr. Lushington, but that he would have ordered his Name to be put, whether he had consented or not.

Your Committee take the same Occasion to insert the following Extract of a Letter, which a Member of the Committee informed the Committee he had lately read in Lord Clive's Letter Book, from his Lordship to the Suledt Committee at Fort Saint George, the 12th of September 1757.

" It is with the deepest Concern I acquaint you of " Admiral Wat forts Death; his Zeal for the Service of " the Company, and the extraordinary Success it was *c crowned with, both at Gheriah and in this Expedition,

will make his Memory, particularly in India, survive " to la tell Ages."

The next Point of Evidence to which your Committee proceeded, was the Manner in which Meer Jaffier gave Lord Clive his Jaghire. And,

Francis Sykes, Esquire, a Member of the House, being requested to relate what he knew of that Tran sass ion, informed your Committee, That he was appointed Resident at the Nabob’s Court on the Leave of Absence of Mr. Haflmgs; to the bell of his Remembrance it

was in June or July 1758; that he was with the Nabob upon Business relative to the Company, when the Nabob speaking to him of Lord Clive's Expedition against the' Shawzadda, mentioned the Sensehe entertained of Lord Clive s Conduct towards him, and likewise in reducing the y Shcz'ivzadda to such Necessity as to apply to his Lord ini p to put him under the Protection: —

He mentioned also, that he owed his Government to Colonel Clive before, and this was the Second Time he

was indebted to him for it; that he had been a Means of having Honours conferred on Colqnel Clive, in creating him an Omrah of the Empire, blit that he had given him nothing tosupport those Honours; he had frequently had it in his Thoughts, but had never entered upon it seriously till now; that he had Thoughts of giving him a Jaghire in the Fatna Province, but found it would be attended with Inconvenience to the Officers of his Government, and that Juggutfeat had fallen upon a Method of obviating those Difficulties, by giving him the Quit Rent arising from the Lands ceded to the Company to the Southward of Calcutta; that he thought it would interfere the least with his Government, and stood the clearest in relation to the Company’s Affairs.

The Witness said. That to the bell of his Remembrance he mentioned to the Nabob, that he thought it was a large Sum; but the Nabob told him, that it was very little adequate to the Services he had received from the Colonel, but more especially for his Behaviour upon the Capture of Mux when the whole Inhabitants expected to be put under Contribution, and that none of them had experienced a Conduct of that kind, for that their Persons, as well as their Proper-Vol. 33.

ties were ehtirely secured so thSm; that the Nabob also East India desired, at that Meeting, that the Witness would ac- AC* quaint him when he heard of the Colonel's coming dowri the Country, and in the mcah time he would prepare an Instrument called the Jaghire; that he would give the Colonel the Meeting, and desired the Witness’s Attendance at the Time it was to be presented; that the Witness did attend him, in Company with Juggutfeat and other Persons, and met the Colonel Two Miles to the North of the City, when, after l'ome Conversation betwixt the Nabob and Colonel Clivi, the Nabob retired, and Juggutfeat, in the Presence of the Witness, and he thinks of Mr. Scrafton, presented him, from the Nabob, with the Jaghire.

The Witness did not rdcolledf who was present at this Conversation,- nor did he take any Notes of it at the Time: — No Englishwere present except himl'clf; the Conversation was in the Moorish Language, which he thought he understood sufficient for most Convcrlations. — He further said. He did not acquaint any Per ton, by Letter or otherwise, about that Time, nor does he know of any' Notification given to the Company of this Grant.

Being asked, Whether the Quit Rent, granted by this Jaghire, was not payable by the Company ? he said.

It was payable by the Company to the Nabob, and he-did not know how it was paid after the Grantl — He further said. That he had frequently mentioned this Conversation with the Nabob since he came to England, and undoubtedly did the same in India-, it was a public Act, and he believed was given to Mr. to translate

into English: — The Amount of the Jaghire was reckoned about,£.30,000. a Year; -that he had never any Instructions from Lord Clive, or any other in his Name, directly or indirectly, to apply for this Jaghire, nor did he ever hear, till of late, that Lord Clive ever made Application to the Nabob for this Jaghire; be said, at the same Time he must undoubtedly have read Lord Clive's Letter to the Proprietors upon that Subject.

Being asked, Whether he conceived the Instrument delivered by Juggutfeat to Lord Clive to be the Dewan’s Sunnud, or an Order from the Nabob to the Company' to pay the Quit Rent ? he said. Whether it was one or the other he could not answer; that he only saw it inclosed in a Silken Bag, and it was not opened at the-Time it was presented to Colonel Clive, and he never saw it opened.

For further Letters and Papers relating to the above Transactions, your Committee refer to the Appendix, N° 7. P-

Lord Clive, in Evidence to the same Point, informed your Committee, that the first Letter he ever wrote about a Jaghire, was, to the belt of his Remembrance, on the 31st of January 1759, to Juggutfeat, informing him that the Nabob had made him an Omrah without a Jaghire: in Answer to which, he replied, that the Nabob never granted Jaghiresin; that was-

too poor, but that he might have one in and

his Lordship declared, upon his Honour, that he never applied for any Jaghire, directly or indirectly, after that Period; and that when the'Nabob presented him the Jaghire (which was near Six Months afterwards) he did not know what that Jaghire was, had not the least Idea of the amount of it, nor of its being the Quit Rent upon the Company’s Lands; and that he did believe the Nabob gave him that Jaghire in consequence of the Services he had rendered him, which have been stated by Mr. Sykes.

Thai having looked upon the Nabob’s Answer as an evasive one, and that he was not inclined to comply with his Request, he never wrote or thought more upon the Subject, until he received a second Letter from Juggutfeat, in Answer to his first, after the Success against the King’s Son, mentioning that the Nabob had turned the Thing in his Mind, and was willing to grant him a jaghire in Bengal, but the Nature of it, where or what Value it was to be, he was intirely ignorant of, till

9 U the

f.all India affairs.

p. <78.

9

81O 2 6° MaiL A.\nn%

the Patent explained it. Juggnlfeat was a Banker, and a Man of great Influence and Weight with the Nabob.

Your Committee here read a Letter from the Seats to Lord Ctfue, received June 1739, which is annexed in the Appendix, N* 8.

His Lordship being aiked, Whether he received the Benefit of the Jaghire from the Time it was granted ? he laid. He had received it from July 1759 to this Day.

Being further aiked, Whether Application was not made io the Nabob MeerJaffi for a Grant of Lands to the N orthward of Calcutta, to the Amount of£. 12,000. ia Year, for the Behalf of the Company; and that the Nabob refused this Grant till the Company complied with his Request, to lend him Two Lack of’ Rupees, 'and that the Company were also obliged to make Presents to several of the principal Officers about him ? he laid. It was so; and he believed that Transaction was not above Six, Eight, or Ten Months after the Battle of PlaJJy.

Being further aiked, If he knew that 'about the Time of granting the Jaghire, was surrounded by his Troops, who had mutined, because he could not pay them ? he said. He certainly knew it. — That the Matter of Fact was, there were great Arrears due to the Army by Serajak D, as well as by Meer Jaffier, amounting to Three or Four Millions Sterling} that it is the CuRom of that Country, never to pay the Army a Fourth Part of what is promised them, and it is only in Time of Distress they can get paid at all, and for that Reason the Troops always behave so ill.

Being aiked. Whether he recolledted that before the Grant of the Jaghire, the Nabob’s Jewels, Goods, and Furniture, were publicly fold in order to make good the Money he had agreed by Treaty to pay the Company? he said, He had been informed, that the Nabob’s Jewels amounted to near a Million Sterling; about £.50,000. worth of the worst of them were sent to

Calcutta, and fold there as Part of the Treaty Money; that some Goods were also to be sold, but the Parties differing as to the Value, the Nabob took the Goods bac’". again, and paid for them in Money.

Being aiked. Whether the Nabob had not granted Assignments sjpon his Revenues, particularly the Revenues of Burdwan, for Payment of the Money to the

Company, and to the Select Committee, as settled by the Treaty ? he said, The Nabob made Assignments of Lands for fulfilling all the Articles of the Treaty, and also for the Committee Money, and that there were other Lands assigned likewise in the Nature of a Mortgage.

His Lordship being aiked, On whole Application he was made an Omrah ? he said. At Meer 3; but

he applied to Meer Jaffier to make the Application to the Mogul.

Some Days after this Evidence was given. Lord Clive acquainted the Committee, That upon Recollection he finds he was mistaken in the Answer he made to the above Question, and his Answer to it now is, " By Meer Jaffier’s to the " Mogul, and without any Application on his " Lordship’s Part."

Lord Clive, in further Explanation of the Evidence of Sir Eyre Coote, Rated in a former Part of the Report, went on to relate;.that on the 22d June 1757, in the Evening, tlfe Army eroded the River, and marched all Night, amidfi mediant Rains, until they reached

Plajfy Grove; and ’early in the Morning th^ Army of Serajak Dowla attacked them in that Situation. — That as the Description of the Battle had been already given in Part by Sir Eyre , he should only observe, that its being attended with so little Bloodshed, arose from Two Causes: Firfi, The Army was sheltered by so high a Bank, that the heavy Artillery of the Enemy could not possibly do them 4

much Mischief; the other was. That Serajak Dotv/a had not Confidence in his Army, nor his Army any Confidence in him, and therefore they did not do their Duty upon that Occasion. — His Lordship proceeded to relate, that after the Army was routed* Serajak Dowla, for the Sake of Expedition, fled to the City upon an Elephant, which he reached that Night Thirty Miles from the Field of Battle. — That the Troops puflued the routed Army about Nine Miles, to a Place called Dottdpaur-, and in the Evening Meer Jaffier lent him Word, that he, and many- more of the great Officers, and a very considerable Part of the Army, were in Expectation of his Orders. — That he sent Messrs. Watts and Serafton to wait upon him; and he came to him the next Morning, accompanied by his Son, made many Apologies to him for the Non-performance of his Agreement to join him, and said, His Fate was in his Hands. That he assured Meer Jaffier that the would mod

religiously perform their Treaty, and advised him to pursue Serajak Dowla without Delay, and he would follow with the English Army. That when Serajah Dowla arrived at the City, his Palace was full of Treasure; but with all that Treasure, he could not purchase the Confidence of his Army; he was employed in lavishing considerable Sums among his Troops, to engage them to another Battle, but to no Purpose. — About Twelve at Night the fatal News was brought him of Meer Jaffier's Arrival at the City, closely followed *

by the English Army; he then in Despair gave up all for

loR, and made his Escape out of one of the Palace Windows, with only Two or Three Attendants, and took Refuge in the Fackier’s House, as mentioned in a former Part of this Evidence.

That the English Army having encamped within about Six Miles of Muxadavad; his Lordship sent Messrs. Watts and Wpljh to congratulate Meer Jaffier upon his Success, and to know the Time when he should enter the City; in consequence of which, the Day was fixed upon, and he entered the City at the Head of 200 Europeans and 500 Sepoys. — That the Inhabitants, who were Spectators upon that Occasion, muR have amounted to some hundred Thousands; and if they had had an Inclination to have destroyed the Europeans, they might have done it with Sticks and Stones. On that Day, continued his Lord ship, being under no kind of ReRraint, but that of my own Confidence, I might have become too rich for a Subject; but I had fixed upon that Period to accomplish all my Views whatever, and from that Period to this Hour, which is a Space of Fifteen Years, I haw not benefited myself direCUy or indireCHy the Value of One Shilling, the Jaghire excepted; I have been placed in great and eminent Stations, surrounded with Temptations; the Civil and Military Power were united in me, a Circumstance which has never happened to any' other Man before that Time or finee: The Committee will therefore judge whether I have been moderate or immoderate in the Pursuit of Riches.

Lord Clive went on to relate that a few Days after his Arrival at the City, Meer Jaffier was placed on the Mufnet, and proclaimed Nabob of Bengal, , and Orixa, and a Day was then fixed upon to consider the State of the Nabob’s Treasures, and to fee how far he could comply with the Treaty immediately; and that after that State was known, this Matter was left to be decided by the Seats, Two Men of immense Wealth, and great Influence, and it was agreed that Half should be paid down, and the other Half in Three Years. — Thatat this Meeting was Omichmd; and when the real Treaty came to be read, the Indignation and Resentment expressed in that Man’s Countenance, bars all Description — He said, "This cannot be the " Treaty, it was a red Treaty that I saw." — That his Lordship replied, " Yes, ,but this is a

" white Treaty." — That this important Business being accompliflved, he returned to Gakutta with the

Army,

12 Geo. lit. a6° Mail.' 8 it

Army, and the Nabob soon began to fed his own Greatness, and manifested evident Deligns of shaking off all Dependance upon the , and of evading,

the fulfilling the rest of the Treaty. That he dismissed from his Service those great Men who had been the Instruments of his Greatness, and he put to Death the only Brothe’r of Serajah Dowla. — That as soon as the Rains were over, he took the Field without the Company’s Assistance to qualh Three Rebellions; but when he came seriously to consider of his Situation, he thought proper to call upon the English for their Assistance; and that the Witness marched immediately to join him. — That at the City he had a Meeting with the dil'contented Chiefs, when he engaged to protect them in their Persons, and to use his Influence to get them restored to Favour. That this was easily accomplished, and he then insisted that he should immediately pay down that Part of the Treaty Money, which was then due, and that he should assign over Lands sufficient in Mortgage to secure the rest. That no. Difficulty was found in subduing all his Enemies, except Ramnarrain, who was the Nabob of Bahar, and at the Head of a great Army, and would not acknowledge Meer without the English Security; which being given, and a Promise made, that he should remain in his Government, he came to the Nabob, and paid his Obedience. That the Country being now just settled, he returned to Calcutta, with an Intention to embark for the

natic, and taking the first honourable Opportunity of returning to his native Country; but in the Interim the Ships arrived from Europe, which brought out the very strange Appointment of Four Governors, which was called a Rotation Government, because one Gore rnor was only to be as such for Three Months. — He bad not the Honour to be appointed one of those Governors. — Upon which, the Gentleman who had that Honour, as well as the rest of the Council, sent him the following Letter:

SIR,

Our most serious Attention has been devoted to the Commands of our honourable Employers Hardwick, naming a Rotation of Governors for the future Management of their Affairs at this Settlement, and having duly weighed the Nature of this Regulation, with all its attending Circumstances, a sincere Conviction of its being, in our present Situation and Circumstances, repugnant to the true Interest of our honourable Masters, and the Welfare of the Settlement in general, obliges us (though with the utmost Respect and Deference) to believe, that had our Employers been apprized of the present State of their Affairs in this Kingdom, they would have placed the Presidentship in some one Person, as the clearest and easiest Method of conducing their Concerns, as well as preserving and maintaining the Weight and Influence the late happy Resolution has given us, with the Soubah of these Provinces; on which Influence, at the present Period, the Interest and Welfare of the Company depends in the highest Degree at this Settlement. The Difficulties we may be liable to by a Rotation in the executive Part of Government, with its Consequences, are sufficiently obvious in our present State of Affairs; we will however mention only a few Points. The Treaty with the Nabob not perfected in all its Branches, the Possessions of the Lands incomplete, the Settlement in no Posture of Defence, the French considerably reinforced with Military and a Fleet, their Deligns with respect to Bengal hitherto unknown, and the Impoffi-bility of impressing a proper Idea of this divided Power in the Minds of the Soubah and others, of this Kingdom, who have, at all Times, been accustomed to the Government of a Angle Person; a little Reflection will introduce many more, and clearly evince the Necessity of this Addness.

The Gentlemen nominated Governors in the honour-Vol. 33.

able Company’s Commands per Hardwick, have the Fall India highest Sense of Gratitude for the Honour conferred Affairs-on them by our Employers in their Appointment, but deem themselves in Duty bound at this Juncture of Affairs to wave all personal Honours and Advantages, and declare as their Sentiments, That a Rotation in the executive Part of Government, for the foregoing Rea-fons, would be extremely prejudicial to the real Interest of the Company; in which Opinion we unanimously concur, and judge it for the Welfare of our honourable Employers, and of the Settlement in general, to deviate in this Instance from the Commands of our honourable Matters, and fix the Presidentship in a Angle Person, till we hear further from Europe.'

Your toeing named as Head of the General Committee (in the Letter of the 3d of August last) establishing at that Time, for conducting the Company’s Affairs in Bengal, your eminent Services, Abilities, and Merit, together with your superior Weight and Influence with the present Soubah and his Officers, arc Motives which have great Force with us on this Occasion, and all concur in pointing out you, at the present, best able to render our honourable Employers necessary Service at this JunClure, till they shall make their further Pleasure known by the Appointment of a President for their Affairs here.

These Reasons urge us to make you an Offer of being President of the Company’s Affairs in till

a Person is appointed by the honourable Company; and we flatter ourselves you will be induced to accept of our Offer from your wonted Regard to the Interest of our honourable Employers, and Zeal for the Welfare of their Affairs, which we doubt not you areas well as ourselves convinced, will be much prejudiced by a Rotation in the executive Part of Government.

We wait your Reply, and have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Your most obedient,

and most humble Servants,

W" Watts,

C. Manningham, f

Fort William, Rick* Becker,

26 June 17 58. M. Collet,

M. Mackett,

Tko. Boddan.

Lord Clivesaid. He did not hesitate one Moment td accept of this Request; ’ and soon after he received his Appointment from the Court of Directors themselves, in consequence of the Success at Plajfy. That soon after this Appointment, he took into his most serious Consideration the Situation of Affairs upon the Coast of Coromandel: Mr. Lally was arrived with such a Force as threatened not only the Destruction of all the Settlements there, but of all the East India Company’s Possessions, and nothing laved Mad from iharing the Fate of Fort St. David, at that Time, but their Want of Money, which gave Time for strengthening and reinforcing the Place. That however at last Madrass was besieged, and no Words that he can command can do Justice to the gallant Behaviour of Lord Pigot, General Lawrence, Colonel Draper, General Caillaud, Major Brereton, &V. — That he thought it was his Duty to contribute his Mite towards the Destruction of the French, and therefore he projected the Scheme of depriving the French of the Northern Sircars (whose Revenues were computed to Amount to £.400,000 a Year) contrary t the Inclinations of his whole Council. — That this Expedition succeeded completely, for the French were totally driven out by Colonel Ford, with the Company’s Troops, whose Conduct and Gallantry upon that Occasion was equal, if not superior, to any thing that bad happened during the whole course of the War. — That in the mean time he was called up the Country with the remaining Part of the Forces left behind, to raise the Siege of Patna, which was besieged by the King’s

C__

81 2

26° Mali.

A. 177

fest fndia Sr*n. — -The Siege being raised, and the King’s Son bc-Aftirs. Ing drove out of the Country, he returned to his Go-vernn.ent in Calcutta, where he had been but a very short Time before he received Intelligence that the Dutch were forming a great Armament from Batavia

ence, dated the 5th infiant, being read, it was u nimously,

Resolved, That a Sword set with Diamonds, to Value of ^.500. be presented by the Court to Capt Robert Clive, as a Token of their Esteem for him, a

It was thought to be destined for Bengal; and it was re- Sense of his singular Services to the Company upon ported that the Nabob had given them Encouragement Coast of Coromandel.

to come there; that in the Month of August 1759, a Dutch Ship arrived in the River full of Troops, which Circumstance brought Matters to a Certainty. And here his Lordship observed will be seen the Use of the double Government; for soon after arrived Six other Dutch Ships, having on Board in all 700 and 800 Mallays. — His Lordship laid. He was fenlible how very critical his Situation was at that Time; that he rilked his Life and Fortune in taking upon himself to commence Hostilities against a Nation, with whom we were at Peace; but that he knew the Fate of Bengal and of the Company depended upon it, and there

At a General Court, held on,

21, 1757, on a Motion, and the Question being pt it was,

Resolved, That the Thanks of this General Court I given to Lieutenant Colonel Robert Clive, for his cm nent and signal Services to this Company.

At a General Court, held on Wednesday, September 1760, the Chairman from the Court of Directors in formed this Court, That such important Services ha. been rendered to the Company in the East Indies b; Vice Admiral Pocock, and the Colonels and Law

rence, as appears from the Accounts formerly' laid be Tore he ran that Risk; that he called upon the Nabob fore this Court, and lately received, to demand form to fulfil his Agreement, and to order the Dutch to further Marks of the Court’s Sense thereof, than had leave the River, and if they did not comply with his been already expressed; and moving the Court there-Orders, he resolved under his Sandion to attack them: upon, it was, on the Question,

The Seven Ships came within a few Miles of Calcutta, Resolved, unanimously. That the Thanks of this 4nd then landed near 700 Europeans and 800 Mallays; Court be given to Vice Admiral Pocock, Colonel Robert that he ordered that gallant Officer Colonel Ford, who and Colonel^ Stringer Lawrence, for their many

was returned from the Expedition of the Decan, to intercept them in their March to Chinfura (the Dutch Fadory) which he did so effectually, that of their 700 Europeans not above 14 got to Chinfura, the rest were either killed or taken Prisoners; this he did with a Force of 300 Men, 800 Sepoys, and about 150 of the Nabob’s Cavalry; that he ordered at the same Time, Three English East-Indiamen, fitted out and manned for the Purpose, under the Command of Captain Wilson, to attack the Seven Dutch East-Indiamen; and after

eminent and signal Services to this Company.

And another Motion being made;

Ordered, That the Chairman and Deputy Chairman wait upon those Gentlemen, and acquaint them with this Mark of this Court’s great Regard for their Services.

And another being made, it was, on the Question,

Resolved, unanimously, That the Chairman and Deputy, when they wait upon Vice Admiral Pocock, , Colonel Clive, and Colonel Lawrence, will desire those

an Engagement of Two Hours, they took Six of them, Gentlemen to give their Consent that their Portraits or and the Seventh was intercepted by Two of our Ships that Statues be taken, in order to be placed in some conlpi-

cuous Parts of this House, that their eminent and figpal Services to this Company may be ever had ia Remembrance.

His Lordship likewise read the following Letter:

laid lower down in the River, and that they took Three Times the Number of Men that our Ships contained. — That after this, ’Two Treaties were concluded, the one between the English East India Company, and the Dutch East India Company; where they agreed to pay to the East India Company all the Expences of that War: With the Nabol? they made the other Treaty, by which they agreed never to introduce Forces into his Country without his Consent, and that they would

To Robert Clive, Esquire,

SIR,

We have received your several Letters of the 23d, never keep at Chinfura, and all- their other Settlements 24th, 25th, and 26th Instant, and with great Pleasure

observe and congratulate you on the rapid Succcfs therein mentioned. — The Resolution effected by your gallant Conduct, and the Bravery of the Officers and Soldiers under you, is of extraordinary Importance, not only to the Company but to the British Nation in general; that we think it incumbent to return you and your Officers our sincere Thanks on Behalf of His Britannic Majesty, and the East India Company, for your Behaviour on this critical and important Occasion.

Although in your last Letter Jaffier Ally Khan is filled Nabob, yet we have not ventured on that Authority to

together, more than 125 European Soldiers. The Witness observed, that at this Time by much the greatest Part of his Fortune was in the Hands of th the Company’s Treasury was so full in consequence of his Successes, that the Governor and Council declined giving their Servants any Bills in their Favour, and he was reduced to the Necessity of fending his Fortune home by Bills upon the Dutch j that these Bill were made payable by Instalments, One-third Part every' Year, lo that he was morally certain that Two-thirds of the Sum sent, which to the best of his Remembrance,

was about J. 180,000, would remain in the Hands of make any public Rejoicings for him, as Subah of these the Dutch, when they heard the News of their ill Sue- Provinces; we should be glad therefore to be informed ccfs in Bengal; but th.e Dutch Company refusing to ac- in your next Letter, if he has been proclaimed in cept of those Bills in the Manner drawn, and infilling Form, and is in Pofiession of the Government. This upon a Deduction of near f. 15,000 for prompt Pay- will very much add to our Satisfaction, and give us a ment, or else refusing to pay them at all; his Attornies proper Opening to address him as the Subah, proclaim thought proper, considering the critical Situation of the him such in our Town, and lalute his Accession. — We Two Nations at that Time, to accept Payment upon have the Honour to be.

those Terms; his Lordship said. That this Design of the Dutch being frustrated, he resigned his Government to Mr. Holwell, embarked on board a Ship in 1760, and arrived in England in July.

His Lordship then read to the Committee the following Minutes of the East India Company: Fort William,

At a Court of Directors, held o^ Wednesday, February 29 June 1757. 6, 1754* Minutes of the Committee of Correspond-

S I R,

Your most obedient,

and most humble Servants, Gha: Watson,

G. Pocock,*

Roger Drake, Junior, C. M

Richd Becker,

His

o.

12 Geo. III. 26° Mail 805

Letter wherein Mention is made of Omichand's Demand of 5 per Cent, on the Treasures, and 30 Lack; that the fictitious Treaty, to thebeftof his Remembrance, stated 30 Lack and 5 per Cent, upon the Treasures: — It might be 50 Lack for ought he knows That he believes the Letter relating to the Donation to the Army and Navy is entered or mentioned in one of his Letters: — He did not recollect what he paid to the Heirs of Admiral Watson: — That he wrote to the Secret Committee in England, dating Donations to the Navy and Army, but not the Donations to the Committee: — He wrote a private Letter to Mr. Paine then Chairman, in which he mentioned the Donations to the Committee; that he mentioned in his general Letter, that the Nabob’s Bounty had made his Fortune easy: — He knew of no Stipulation by Mr. Watts, for 50 Lack, or any other Sum besides the Donation to the Army and Navy and Select Committee; if there was any such Sum, it was without his Consent or Knowledge.

In regard to the Fate of Seraja/i Dowlahis Lordship laid. He had been informed, that he fled and took Shelter in a Fackier’s House, whole Nose and Ears he had cut off upon a former Occasion: That there was a Brother of Meer Jaffier's at Rajamaul (a small Distance from the Place where he took Refuge) that this Fackier lent immediate Notice to him, that he had Serajak in his House, and he should keep him till he could seize him; that the Nabob’s Bother immediately let out with a few Attendants, and seized him; and that he was brought from thence to the City, and immediately put to Death by Meerliam, Meer Jaffier's Son; it is laid, without the Father’s Knowledge; that his Lordship knew nothing of it till the next Day, when the Nabob made him acquainted with it, and apologized for his Conduct, by laying that he had raised a Mutiny among his Troops; and this was all his Lordship knew of the Matter.

Lord Clive further said, in regard to the fictitious Treaty, That he did not recollect whether Mr. Lushington brought it back with Mr. s Name to it;

to the belt of his Remembrance, Mr. Lushington told him, that Admiral Watson gave him Leave to sign his Name to the fictitious Treaty; h^jlid not recollect whether Mr. Watson's Seal was put to it, but believes that Ntr. Watson's Name and a Seal were put to both the Treaties before they were dispatched to Mr.; he is not certain whether Mr. Lushington signed in his Presence at Calcutta or the French Gardens. Roy Doulub did not receive 5 per Cent, on all the Money paid, but on some of it, particularly not on that which was paid to the Army and Navy. — Roy Doulub was one of the Nabob’s Generals.

His Lordship being asked. What might be the particular Value in Money or Jewels received by him.and such other Gentlemen as he may recollect ? laid. He received about 16 Lack of Rupees clear, after deducting Commission and all other Articles; that he received no Jewels, but all in Money; that he believed Mr. Watts might receive altogether about 8 Lack; Mr. Waljh about 5; there were 3 or more, but could not recollect the Sums; that he thinks Mr. Scraft on had 2 Lack, but is not certain; These Donations were given exclusive of the Sums stipulated for the Gentlemen of the Committee, Council, Army, and NavyThat the Share he received as Commander in Chief, amounted to about 2 Lack; Major Kilpatrick, he believed, had about 3 or Lack, exclusive of the Sums stipulated for the Army, and Committee; Mr. had something

very trifling, about 50,000 Rupees; Captain Grant of

Adlercrons Regiment had one Lack.

His Lordship also said. That these Presents were not paid down at the Time, but by Instalments; and in a subsequent Part of his Lord ship’s Evidence (which is placed here in order to lay the Subject Matter more connectedly before the House) being asked, by what Instalments the Presents, over and above those stipulated

Vol. 33.

for the Army, Navy, Council, and Committee, were Ealt r.ndl* paid? he said. That he knew of no Agreement, but / they were paid Half down, and Half in about 15 Months, to the best of his Remembrance: — -And being further questioned, Whether, when the first Half was paid down, his Lordship had any Expectation of the Remainder ? he said, He had, from the Intelligence of Mr. Watts, who acquainted him that the Present for his Share would amount to about 20 Lack, but he received only 16. That Lands to the Amount of £. 700,000 a Year were mortgaged for the PaymenPof the Remainder of the Money stipulated for by Treaty; the Mortgage he believed was made about December 1757 or the January following: That Sir George Pocock applied to the Governor and Council by Letter, to desire that they would advance to the Navy their remaining Half of the 50 Lack given to the Navy and Army, desiring that the Governor and Council would make such a Deduction as 1 they thought jeafoliable for the Rifle of advancing the Money: — That some sharp Letters passed upon the Occasion; and to the best of his Remembrance, he was the only Person of that Council who objected to that Request being complied with; and then, after it had been complied with, he made the same Request in favour of the Army, and not before; that the Money deducted, to the best of his Remembrance, was 5 Lack, the remaining 20 Lack was paid down by the Company for the Navy and Army.

As to the 13th Article of the Treaty with Meer Jaffier, his Lordship never recollected till he was last in , that there was a 13th Article, 12 only appearing in the Directors Books; that he law no more at the India House or in Mr. Scrafton's Book, and understood that particular Article had been suppressed by Mr. in order, as his Lordship apprehended, that Mr. Fanjittart might justify his Proceedings in the Second Resolution, as the Company flood bound, by that Article, in Alliance with Meer Jaffier; and his Lordship acknowledged writing to the Directors on the 15th December 1762, that there was no such Article to the best of his Knowledge: — And being asked at what Time it became necessary for Mr. Fanfittart to suppress the 13th Article ? he said. Upon the Affair of the Dutch, the Court of Directors enquired whether there was a 13 th Article, and Mr. Fanfittart suppressed it as he supposes.

John Walfli, Esquire, being again called upon to explain further the Affair of the 13th Article, said. That it is the only one in the Treaty binding upon the K and the only Thing that could properly have been signed by them; that he imagines the Copy of it was neglected to be taken in the Treaty sent Home; the Treaty without it is inserted in the Select Committee Proceedings as . aTranflate from the Perf an, the 12 Articles are all in Perf an, and only the 13 th in English. The English signed Persian Articles as far as 12, which were prefixed to the English Articles.

The Witness further said. That some little Time after a Publication of Mr. Fanfittart's,in which he had treated the 13th Article as never to have subsisted; he had a Convention with that Gentleman, and at that Time shewed him the Words of that 13th Article, and he confessed his Knowledge, that that Article did subsist: — That he by no Means charged Mr. Fanfittart with having suppressed that Article, for he believed no Copy of it remained among the Company’s Papers at Calcutta: That he looked over Lord Clive's Papers, and there saw a Copy of the Treaty with the 13th Article, in Mr.

Writing; and that he acquainted Mr. Rous, the Deputy Chairman, with the 13th Article.

Mr. Holt (from the East India House) being called upon to relate what he knew relative to this Treaty, and the Concealment of the 13th Article, said. That Mr.

Gillam, who had the collecting those Treaties for Parliament, is dead, but that he found a Paper in his Handwriting containing as follows:

" In the Treaty here referred to, was an Article con-9 T " taining

1

8o6 26° Mail, r 7 7 2

Sail India «« taining the Conditions on the Part of the Company; , which was that delivered to the Nabob; an

Affair*. jt was not transmitted from India to the Company, he imagined that Instrument contained 13 Articles, am but is to be found in the 12th Page of the Appendix that delivered by the Nabob to the Company container " to the D.Memorial; and as there is no Reason to only 12; and that the Instrument containing the 1;

" doubt the Authenticity of it, it is subjoined to the Articles was signed by the Company alone, and not b\

" Treaty with the Nabob Meer Joffer." the Nabob; and that of 12 Articles by the Nabol The Witness further said, That the Treaty now upon alone. He further laid, That he imagined Lord the Table was copied by Mr. Cray, a Clerk in the Office Letter to the Dutch Governor, respecting the 13th Ar-about the Year 1767: — And being asked. Whether the tide, was not entered in the public Proceedings at -Original, from which it was copied, was lodged among cutta: — And being asked why not, it being a public the Company’s Papers? he said. That, in the Year Proceeding of a very important Nature ? he answered, 1758, a Treaty, conlifting of 12 Articles, and dated That all he could say was, that Lord Clive having an 5th of July 1757, was received by the Company in a independant Command from the Gentlemen of Calcutta, Letter from the Select Committee at Bengal, to the did not in every Circumstance transmit the Particulars Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, bearing of his Proceedings to them; and that in thofb Times Date the 14th of July 1757; and the 13th Article was there might have been great Irregularity in the Offices, added when the Treaties were called for by the House of there being few Servants: — He further said. That he did Commons in 1767. not know that thisTransaction was not entered upon the

The Witness produced the Minutes of the English and Books of the Company.

Dutch Commissaries in 1762, out of which were read the In the Course of the above Proceeding your Com-p. 869^ Entries marked in the Appendix, N° 4. mittee read the several Letters, and other Papers marked

Mr IValJhwas then called upon to explain fur- in the Appendix, N° 5.

ther the Fact, respecting his having found a Copy of The next Witness your Committee called upon, was the Treaty with Meer Jaffier, wrote in Mr. Lushing- Captain who was Lieutenant with Admiral ton’s Hand-writing (who was at the Time of mak- in the Kent, in -the Year 1757; and being

ing the Treaty, Secretary to Lord Clive) to which there asked. Whether he had heard Admiral Wat Jon make was a 13th Article, and what he did in consequence ? any Declarations concerning the Treaty that was to de-and said, That he certainly saw among Lord Clive’s ceive Omichund ? said. That he had often heard the Ad-Papers a Copy of this Treaty, and is very well con- miral speak of it; that it was proposed to him to lign a vinced it was in Mr. Lushington’s Hand-writing: — -It fictitious Treaty to deceive Omichund of 30 Lack, which contained the 13 th Article: — That he thought like- he refused to do, as dishonourable to him as an Officer, wife he took a Copy of that 13th Article, and shewed and an Affront to propose it to him: That it was it to the then Chairman and Deputy Chairman, who he then proposed somebody should sign it for him, believed were Mr. Rous and Mr. Dudley, but was not which he also refused, and laid. He would wash his very clear; he could not say whether this was before Hands of it, he would have nothing to do with it; he the Papers were laid before the House of, Commons, was a Stranger to Deception, they might do as they nor upon what Occasion he carried it to the Chairman pleased.

and Deputy Chairman; he believed it was whilst Lord Being asked. Whether in the Conversations he had Clive was Abroad, and was certain it was not shewed to had with the Admiral on that Subject, he had ever the Chairman and Deputy Chairman in their public heard him say, that he authorized any Person to sign that Capacity. Treaty for him ? the Witness said, He believed not;

The Witness further said. That in the Copy in Mr. that he had often heard him say, he had not; and would Lushington’s Hand-writing, the 13th Article was by not authorize any body to do it.

no means distinguished from the 12 others — it was And being further asked, Whether he believed Ad-numbered 13th: — What facilitated him to recoiled, miral Watson ever put his Seal to it ? he said. He believed that, he said, was by having recurred to a Copy in his not; he was sure he had too good a Heart.

Hands of that Copy, which he supposed to be Mr. Being further asked. If he knew whether Admiral

Lushington’s. , before his Death, had ever heard of his Name

The Witness being asked. Whether the first Time being put to the fictitious Treaty ? he said. He had; it he saw the 13th Article was the Time when he carried was communicated to him by Captain Martin, on his it to the Chairman and Deputy Chairman ? he said, He Death Bed; and that the Secret Committee had agreed certainly had seen it before; he never had an Idea, but to share the 30 Lack, llipulated in the Agreement for that that Article existed: — He could only speak upon Omichund, among themselves, and excluding the Admiral Supposition why it was not transmitted with the other of his Share, because he had not signed the Treaty: — 12 Articles: — The Treaty being sent down to Calcutta The Admiral said, That he always thought the Trans-to be returned with great Dispatch, it is likely that after action dishonourable, and as there was so much Iniquity the signing, no Copy was taken of it by the Gentlemen among Mankind, he did not wish to stay any longer at Calcutta, who had the transmitting of these Papers to among them j this was just before his Death, which lie

the Company. believes was the 16th of Avgujl 1757: — The Witness

Being asked. Whether he recollected any other In- said. He was not present at this Conversation, but in the stance of an Instrument of such Importance being de- next Room; and that it was communicated to him by livered over without a Copy taken? be said, He re- Captain (who is now dead) the Moment he came

collected many Instances of Omissions — And in Answer out of the Room.

to whether he knew how Mr. LuJhingUm came by his Bring asked, If he was sure Admiral Watson did not Copy? he said, Because he was not so negligent as put his Seal to it ? he answered. That he had heard him others; and that be supposes Mr. Lushington took his say so in repeated Converlations: — He further said, Copy before it was transmitted to the Nabob: — He be- That he never heard that Admiral Watson applied toihc lieved Lord Clive certainly transmitted to the Company Select Committee for a Part of this Money; but that Accounts of that Treaty, but not a Copy. after his Death, his Executors did.

Being asked. If he recollected from what Paper Lord Being asked, If he ever heard Admiral Watson mention Clive copied the 13th Article that was sent to Mr. Bif- who was the Person that proposed to him to sign the dom ? he said, He had no Doubt from that Copy which fictitious Treaty ? laid. The Admiral did not mention he supposed to be Mr. Lushington’s. the Gentleman’s Name; but said (with a Sneer) it was a

Being further questioned as to the Manner of exe- Member of the Secret Committee, outing these Instruments, and of exchanging them be- As to the Admiral’s signing the real Treaty, he never tween the contracting Parties; he said, He concluded heard him mention it particularly; that he had head jnly One Instrument was signed by the Gentlemen at him lay he thought it an extraordinary Measurtode-S pole

12 Geo. III. 26° Mali. 807

pose a Man they had so lately made a fotemn Treaty under the Admiral ? Captain Speke was wounded in the Eastindia with; but that as he was instructed by the King to afford Attack of the First Lieutenant was killed, Affa,r'*

the East India Company Assistance in their Affairs, be the Second Lieutenant was appointed Governor of Chan

assisted them with his Forces according to his Duty; derna after the Capture, the Third Lieutenant was and he always understood, from the Admiral’s Conver- wounded, and died of his Wounds, the Fourth Lieute-fation, that he did sign the real Treaty, but never heard nant was wounded and fickafliore, the Witness was Fifth, him say whether he approved it or not. and then became Commanding Officer.

The Witness further said. That he heard of this The next Evidence that relates to the fictitious Treaty,

Treaty immediately after the Attack of Cu/wa, which and which your Committee therefore think proper to lay was the Beginning of June, and before the Battle of , before the House in this Place, is that of,

Plajfy, and it was then talked of, that Admiral Wat- John , Esquire, who was before mentioned to Jon's Name was put to the fictitious Treaty; that the have been Secretary to the Select Committee in Bengal,

Admiral was then at Calcutta, and that he took to his . in the Year 1757; and he informed the Committee, that Bed about the 8th of August following, as he believed. , he knew there was such a Treaty; that after the Battle — That the Time when Admiral Watson made the De- of Plafjy he waited upon Admiral Watson with a Mefi'age claration- " that it was extraordinary to depose the from the Select Committee; that amongst other Things " Nabob" was at Breakfast, about the latter End of this fictitious Treaty was mentioned in Conversation;

May, when he gave the Witness Orders to prepare the that the Admiral said he had not signed it (shrugging up Men who were to act with the Artillery on Shore; the his Shoulders) but had left them to do as they pleased.

Men who formed the Detachment upon that Occasion alluding, as the Witness supposed, to Colonel and were from the King’s Ships, and were sent on board the the Select Committee. This Conversation, as the Wit- Bridgewater to Chandertiagore, to join the Army; and, as ness thought, was in July, and the Admiral was then in the Witness understood, they acted as Artillery during good Health and Spirits.

all that Campaign. The Witness further said. That he had no Doubt that

The Witness being asked, Whether he was with the the Admiral knew his Name was to it; and he under-Admiral when he first heard the Report of his Name be- flood, from what dropped from him, that he had secretly ingput to the fiClitiousTreaty ? said, He was every other permitted his Name to be used; he believed he did not Day upon Duty with the Admiral, as the Officer who publicly give his Consent, but had known of it, and xeceived his Orders; that he never took the Liberty with made no Objection; he did not conceive his Name could the Admiral to mention the Report to him, but that he have been put without his Permission: The Converla-had heard the Admiral say it had been put'. tion was only between the Admiral and himself; the

Being asked. Whether between the Report of the Admiral, in that Conversation, certainly did not express Admiral’s Name being put, and his taking to his Bed, any Resentment or Surprize that his Name was put. was not nearly Two Months, and whether he believed And being questioned again, as to the Purport of that that the first Time the Admiral heard of it was in the Conversation ? he said, If he remembered right, when Conversation referred to with Captain Martin ? he said, the Circumstance of the fictitious Treaty was mentioned.

He believed it was about Two Months, and that the he shrugged up his Shoulders, and said (laughingly) that Admiral might know it before that Conversation, but lie had not signed it, but that he had left it to them to then he was sure he knew it: That it is impossible he do as they pleased.

can recoiled for 15 Years Distance the precise Time of Being asked. Whether it was from this Circumstance the Conversation, when the Admiral laid be knew his that he collected the Admiral knew of his Name being Name had been put to the fictitious Treaty. put ? he said. It was, and from this Circumstance only:

Being further asked. Whether when lie used the And he further said. It gave him no Surprize that an Words of the Admiral, that he declared he always Officer of Admiral Watson s Rank had agreed to hats* thought the Transaction dishonourable; he meant that his Name put to a Treaty lie could not sign, because be it was dishonourable to make a false Treaty to deceive was convinced the Admiral knew the Motives for which Omichund, or to use the Admiral’s Hand and Seal to the such a fiditious Treaty was made; and that, though he Treaty when he did not put it himself? he said. He would not sign it, he had no Objection to Omichund be-understood it that it was dishonourable to make a false ing lulled into a Security, and preventing the whole Treaty to deceive Omichund-. — And being further asked, Design from being difeovbred and defeated.

Whether before Captain Martin communicated the Sub- Being asked. If Admiral Watson told him so much ? jeCl of Admiral Watson's Name being put to that Treaty, he said. By no Means; these were his Reasons why be it was not a Matter of Suspicion only i said. He believed was not surprized. — He further laid. That the Admiral’s it might. Consent to having his Name put to the fiditious Treaty

Being also asked. What he understood the Admiral to was never communicated to the Select Committee, mean when he said " he was a Stranger to Deception, As to the real Treaty, the Witness said. He had no " they might do as they pleased ?" he said. In the Doubt that the Admiral signed it, and if he remembered Transaction of the Company’s AffairsAnd if be un- right, he sealed it; he was lure he signed it, but to the derstood Admiral Watson to mean by those Words that bell of his Memory he was not present; but he was they might put his Name to the fiditious Treaty if they certain, because the Treaty was sent down by Mr.-pleased, he said. He did not; he could not conceive that Watts, for the Admiral and Committee to execute, the Admiral would give his Consent to any Transaction and then to be returned to him with all imaginable Dif-that he held dishonourable, that should insinuate his Appatch; and the Treaty was executed by the Committee probation of Deception. and Admiral, and returned accordingly: To the bell of

In the Course of the above Examination the Witness his Remembrance he did not fee the real Treaty after was questioned as to the following Points, which the the Admiral had signed it, but thought he did fee it Committee reserved to the last to avoid Coul'ufion in after the Committee had signed it, before it was sent to the State of the Evidence; viz. If it had not been for the Admiral; and that to the bell of his Recollection, the Assistance of His Majesty’s Ships and TroOps he there was one Article in that which was returned to thought the East India Company could have succeeded MJaffier, which was not in the Treaty which A in their different Enterprizes, and particularly in effeCl- had executed and sent to the Committee, to be

ing the Resolution in favour of Meer Jaffier ? He be- kept by them: That it occurs to him the Treaties were lieved not. in; in one he is sure there were both

Whether the Witness was not, at the Time of Ad- Perf an and English Articles: — That there was an admiral Watson’s Ulness, suspended his Majesty’s Service ? ditional Article in one of the Treaties, which the Com-He never was suspended. mittee and the Admiral signed, and that Article was in

By what Accident he became Commanding Officer English; that he believed only one Copy of the Treaty Vot. 33. was

8o8

a 6° Mail

A

1772.

E»(l India was signed by Meer Jaffier, which was left with the Com-

Anau>. amj the other Copy was signed by the Committee, and sent to the Nabob; and that he understood the Difference in the Treaties were known, and really thought that a Copy of the Treaty sent to Jaffier was kept; he knew no Reason why it was not sent to the Company; he imagined it wasThat he was Secretary, but there were Clerks to make Copies; that it was his Business to give the Clerks Orders what to copy, and to keep the Copies i and that if there had been a Copy, it would naturally have been in the Secretary’s Ofljice, under his Management.

The Witness being shewn the Proceedings of the Select Committee, 19 May 1757, in which it is ordered, that the Treaty with Meer Jaffier, then signed by the Committee and Admiral , should be entered

after the Proceedings; and being asked, If he apprehended he could have allowed his Clerks to omit entering the 13th Article, when it appeared all the other Articles were entered after the Proceedings? he said. It appeared to him that the Translation entered there was of that Treaty which Meer Jaffier signed, in which the additional Article was not inserted — he could account for it no other Way.

Being asked, If that Treaty, signed by Meer , was in his Custody ? he said, It was in the Office. — He further said, The Treaties were sent to Admiral son immediately after they were signed, and thought only one Part came back to the Office, and the other was . immediately dispatched up the Country.

Being asked. How often, in the Course of his Office, he thought he copied the Treaty as it now (lands in the Books ? he said. He did not know, nor did he think he ever copied it himself.

In regard to Admiral s expressing any Difplea-

sure at the Measure taken for deposing Serajak , he recollects no such Conversation, nor did he ever hear he was displeased on that Account.

Sir EyreCoote being called upon to give an Account of the Transactions in Bin the Year 1757, that came within his Knowledge, said, That he was at that Time Captain of the 39th Regiment doing Duty on board the Fleet commanded by Admiral Watson; that he was a -Member of the Council of War, previous to the Battle of Plajfy, upon the aid of June 1757; that Colonel Clive informed the Council he found he could not depend on Meer Jaffier for any thing more than (landing neuter, in case the Army came to an Action with the Nabob; that Monsieur Law, with a Body of , was then

within Three Days March of joining the Nabob, whose Army, by the bed Intelligence he could get, was about 50,000 Men; and that he called the Council together for their Opinion, whether in those Circumstances, it would be prudent to come to an immediate Action with the Nabob, or fortify themselves where they were, and remain till the Monsoon was over, and the Mahrattoes could be brought into the Country to join us; the Question being then put, began with the President and elded Members, whose Opinions were,

Againd coming to an im- For coming to an imme-mediate Action.

diate Action.

Major Eyre Coote.

Captain Alexander Grant. Captain John Cudmore. Captain Andrew Captain Geo. Muir.

Captain Robert Campbell. Captain Lieut. Peter Caf-tairs.

Lieut. Col. Clive.

Major James Fitzpatrick.

Major Archibald Grant.

Captain Frederick Gaupp.

Captain Thomas Rumbold.

Captain Christian Fifcher.

Captain Charles Palma.

Captain La Boom.

Captain R. Waggoner.

Captain Cornell.

Captain Lieut. William Jennings.

Captain Lieut. Fra* Par-

Jliaw.

Captain Lieut. Mollair.

The Reasons for the Witness’s Opinion in this Coun-

cil were, That having hitherto met with nothing but Success, which had consequently given great Spirits to the Men, any Delay might cad a Damp. — That the Arrival of Monsieur Law would not only drengthea the Nabob’s Army, and add Vigour to their Councils, but likewise weaken our Force considerably, as the Number of Frenchmen we had entered into our Service, after the Capture of Chandernagore, would undoubtedly desert to their Countrymen upon every Opportunity. —

3 dfy.The Didance from Calcutta was so great, that all

Communication from thence would certainly be cut off, and therefore there was no Reason to hope for Supplies, and consequently the Army mud be soon reduced to the greated Didress. — The Witness further said, That if it should be impracticable to come to an immediate Action, his Opinion then was, for returning to Calcutta, the Consequence of which mud have been Dilgrace to the Army, and inevitable Dedruction to the Company’s Affairs.

The Witness further said. That about an Hour after the Council broke up, Colonel Clive informed him, un-asked (Captain Robert Campbell, to the bed of his Recol-ledtion, was with him at the Time) that notwithstanding the Resolution of the Council of War, he intended to march the next Morning, and accordingly gave Orders for the Army to hold themselves in.Readinels, leaving a Subaltern Officer’s Command in the Fort of that the Army confided of 750 Men in Battalion, in- eluding 100 Topazzes, 2,100 , and 150 Artillery, including 50 Sailors; of these about 150, besides Sailors might be of the King’s Troops.

Sir Eyre Coote here read a Description of the Battle

of Plajfy', and was afterwards desired, by the Committee, to give an Account of the Attack upon Chandernagore, in order to diew the Difference of Loss when acting against European or Indian Forces; and it appeared, that the Loss was much more considerable at the Attack of Chandernagore.

The Witness being asked. Whether, at the Attack of the Nabob’s Camp, near Calcutta, Lord Clive's Secretary, Aid de Camp, and Captain of Grenadiers, were not killed ? said, They were, and a great many other Officers, and a great many Men.

Being asked, Whether he presented any Memorial to Lord Clive after the Council of War held at Cutwa said; He never did; on the contrary. Lord Clive spoke tohimfird, unalked, of the Army marching, without his having mentioned a Word to him upon the Subject.

Being asked, Whether the Sailors at the Battle of Plajfy, belonged to the Company’s Ships, or to the Men of War ? he said. He believed some were from the Indiamen, but the Officers who commanded them were belonging to the Men of War. — The Garrison of Chandernagore was composed intirely of Seamen from the King’s Ships; he could not tell whether the Seamen from the Indiamen were not first turned over on Board the King’s Ships: but he found a Minute on his Journal, wherein it was agreed, that the Officers and Sailors belonging to the Squadron, which were with the Army on the Expedition to were

not to share with the Army in the Prize Money, but with the Navy.

The Witness being desired to give his Opinion, whether, without the Assistance of the King’s Troops and Ships in the whole of the Transactions in 1757, the Enterprizes would have succeeded? he said. He had no Idea that they could And whether the Army under Colonel Clive alone could have taken Chandernagore without the Assistance of the Navy and King’s Troops ? he said. He thought the Probability was against them.

Several Letters and other Papers relative to the: above Tran (actions were read, foi which the House is referred to the Appendix, N° 6.

Lord Clive observed, that in a former Part of his

Evidence

12 Geo. IIL

2 6° Mail.

8*3

His Lord ship being aflced, Whether from a Review Europe early the next.Seafbn; that he arrived Two -«t *i-- 'r* — *>- r'-- ' Days after the ASairof the Dutch, and upon his en-

quiring the State of Affairs of that Country at that Time, was informed, that the Prin'ce (called the S was again preparing to enter thb Province of with a large Army, and joined by several

'Zemindars of that Province, who had not taken Part With him the Year ^efore. — ’That the Nabob of had taken the Field on the Eastern Bank of the Ganges about Half Way between Patna and , and

his Motives for so doing were thought to be an Inclination of joining the Prince, if a favourable Opportunity offered. — Lqrd Clive judged it therefore expedient that he (hotild march with a Detachment to there to wait his Arrival, and his Orders. — That he set OUt from Calcutta in December, with the Detachment of 300 Europeans, Fifty Artillery, Six Pieces of Cannon, and a Battalion of Sepoys, confiding of about 1,000 IVlen, and arrived at Muxadavad about the

of all the Tran factions of the Period when the Dutch Armament came to Bengal in 1759, he believes they were invited by Meer Jaffier, or not ?

He said. He had no Proof for what he was going to offer to the Committee, but that he believed, when, from political Motives, he found himself obliged to lay the Nabob under Restraints, which were by no Means agreeable to himv that he did, by some Means or other, give Encouragement to the Dutch to fend for those Forces; but he believed at the same Time, that after the Services which he had rendered him, by railing the Siege of Patna, and when his Life was saved from the Mutiny of his own Army, that he repented of what he had done, for he was down with him at Calcutta, to the best of his Remembrance, at the Time the Dutch Armament arrived, and seemed very ready to fall into every Measure which he recommended t that however, from his timid Conduct towards the Dutch,

East radii Affairs.

even at that Time, he was confirmed in his Suspicions 26th of December. — And that on the 6th of January, of his having given the Dutch some such Invitation. Lord Clive and Colonel Ford joined him. — That Lord

Some Days after this Evidence was given. Lord Clive then introduced him to the Nabob, recommended Clibs acquainted the Committee, That hav- him to his Friendship, and desired he would repose all ing recollected an Omission in his Evidence; the ^Confidence possible in the Witness, who was well he desired the following Words to be inserted inclined and attached to his Interest. — That on the 14th after his Account of the Tran faction with the of January, Lord Clive and Colonel Ford set out upon Dutch. their Return; and on the 18th he began his March to

After these Two Treaties were concluded. One Patna, joined by the Nabob’s Son, at the Head of a " between the English East India Company, and large Number of Country Forces. — There was a great the Dutch East India Company, wherein the many Difficulties in setting out the Expedition; the " Dutch acknowledged themselves to have been loW State of the Nabob’s Treasury obliged him to borthe Aggressors, and agreed to pay to the Eng- row Money, as he could get it from the Bankers, by lish Company all the Expences of the War; mortgaging Countries for it. That about the 30th of " We returned to them all their Ships, together January he reached a Place, opposite to which the Nabob with all the Treasure and Effects on Board, of Purnea was encamped. — He had not declared his amounting by Computation to about Haifa Intentions openly; but said, he was ready and willing Million Sterling." to obey the Nabob’s Orders in every Thing, to pay all

Being further questioned. Whether from any subse- the Revenues that were due, and to prove himself a . quest Negotiations of the Dutch East India Com- faithful Subject and Servant. — It was necessary to get pany, h js Lord ship was confirmed in the Opinion of more than these general A durances frorO-him; he was A leer Jaffier’s having encouraged them to come to at the Head of a large Body of TrOopsVand as the

Bengal ? Affairs of Patna were then situated, It wlsr dangerofis

He "said, He did believe the Nabob had invited the to leave such a Force in his Rear, without knowing Dutch from this Circumstance; that upon his Return whether he could trust them. — That he endeavoured to to his Capital, he either paid them a Visit, or received a settle Matters between him and the Nabob as well Visit from them, and treated them with such Civility as he could; he would accept of no Mediation but as served to confirm his Suspicions; that there is Reason his; he would not fee the young Nabob, but took his to believe that he connived at their railing Troop'S in Security, that if he faithfully discharged all the D6-the Country; and when he was taxed with it, he pleaded mands the old Nabob bad on him for Revenues dufc. Ignorance. . ‘ _ that he would endeavour to get the Nabob’s Consent

Being, asked, Whether the Nabob’s Cavalry had any that he should remain in his Command. — That this kept Share in the Action with the Dutch ? him Seven Days; and at this Time the Prince- was

He said. They had in the Pursuit, and killed a great drawing near Patna; the Subah of that Province (by

many Men

Whether the European Troops in the Dutch Service are Dutchmen ?

They are not; generally speaking the y are Germans; their Officers were both French and Dutch; their Commanding Officer was a Frenchman.

Being asked, Whether, when he went to raise the Siege, he had any Intercourse with the Nabob ?

He said. Certainly; his Son joined him with 8,000 Men; and he thinks it was about February or March

759*

Your Committee having closed the Evidence upon the historical Part of the First Period of their Enquiry; in the Opening of the Examination into the Second Period, read the Papers, which b. I78. are annexed in the Appendix, N* 9.

Your Committee then called upon Colonel Caillaud, to give an Account of what he knew of the Tranl-

Name Ramnarrain) had a considerable Army under his Command, betides a Battalion of our Sepoys, that was left in Garrison at Patna by Lord Clive, who joined him upon that Occasion, and he marched out of the City with these Forces. — That the Witness repeatedly wrote to him, and pressed him not to come to an Action, but to wait his Arrival, and had no Doubt then of Success against the Prince. — That however he chose to follow his own Advice; he engaged the Princfe; Two of his principal deserted him

during the Action; he was totally defeated and severely wounded. — 400 of our Sepoys marched to his Assistance, when he was surrounded by the Enemy, saved him, and were cut to Pieces themselves, with Three (Gentlemen, Two Officers, and One Gentle-ihiriteer. — That the Remainder of the Batta-lon secured his Retreat into Patna, which the Skau-zadda immediately inverted. — 'That he received the News

actions preceding the Resolution in i 760, and what' of his Defeat the nth of February, and marched with induced him to consent to that Resolution. And he all the Expedition in his Power, such as obliged him on informed the Committee, That he was Called to Bengal- the 15th to raise the Siege of; and on the 22d in November 1759, to take the Command of the Troops the Two Armies met ana engaged; the Detail of the in the room of Lord Clive, wjm intended to return to Actionis very uninteresting. That the young Nabob ' Vot. 35. 9 X followed

lift India Affairi.

14

26® Mail.

A. 7

followed quite a contrary Disposition to the one he want* ed him to make, but that he favcd him in imminent Danger, and the Enemy was totally routed. — That the Instant the Engagement was over, the young Nabob retired to his Tent, on account of the Wounds he had received. — -That the Witness- requested and conjured him to give him ever so (mail a Body of Cavalry, and with his Europeans and fatigued as they

were, he would do his bed to pursue the Enemy, and clear the Country of them; that he was deaf to all his Entreaties — and his Means of Pursuit, with the Handful of Troops he was at the Head of, fatigued beyond Measure with the forced Marches he had made to -kaife the Siege, put it quite out of his Power; be (ides out of the Six Pieces of Cannon which he had in the Field, Four broke down during the Engagement, and some Time was necessary to put those Carriages in Repair. — That at length he persuaded the Nabob to leave the City of Patna on the 29th of February, and on the 2d of March he received Advice that the Shall-zadda (the Prince) was in full March for the Province- of Bengal. — That he had the Advantage of a Day’s March of our Army, with an Army composed almost entirely of Cavalry, unincumbered with Baggage. — That on the 7th he got within 10 Miles of hitn; he marched off in the Night, and took his Way across the Mountains, to enter the Province of Bengal in another Part; a Road through which no Army before had ever marched; but through which however the Witness made a Shift to follow him, and on the 4th of April joined the old Nabob, who was in the Field. — That on the 6th, with their united Armies, they got so near the Prince, that he proposed to the Nabob, that he. would give him a Body of Cavalry, and some spare Horses to assist him in carrying the Europeans, who were exhausted and spent with Fatigue, ;end he would attack the Prince in his Camp that jNight: This he would not comply with, and the next Day he came up however with the Rear of their . Army, a River only dividing the m; that he again sent -repeated Messages to the Nabob, to beg he would only march a Body of Cavalry? to keep the Enemy in play,

until he could come up with his Infantry; but this he would never consent to, and the Enemy marched off ynmolefted; and in Two Days after took the same Road . into the Province of Bahar: That, afraid for the Safety _ of Patna, which he knew was destitute of Troops, he detached Captain Knox, with-200 Europeans, a Battalion

- of Sepoys, and Two Pieces of Cannon, to march with

- all the Expedition he possibly could for: the Relief of

- jPatna, if the Prince mould besiege it 2 He came in

?ime to lave the City; on which the Prince had made wo general Assaults, and was preparing for a Third,

- when Captain Knox arrived with some Part of his Detachment, and obliged him to raise the Siege a Second "time.- — That he remained In Camp with the old Nabob, ..and his Son, until the 16th of , when again he marched, with his Son against the Nabob of whom the old Nabob had endeavoured to bring back to his Duty, but which the other refused, and would comply with none of his Terms, broke his Promise with the Witness, and was setting out with an Inten-. tion of joining the Prince. — On the 22d he again reached Patna, and crofted the River there; but before that happened. Captain Knox, whom he. had ordered to march from Patna cross the River, and endeavoured to Hop the Progress of the Nabod of , so ^hat we might get up with him, had taken a strong and judicious Post, and was attacked by the Nabob’s whole Army, and maintained his Poll with great Bra- very. — That they joined in Pursuit of the Enemy, who was retreating as fall as they could. On the 27th he came qp with them; the young Nabob with his Army, in the Rear Two Miles; the Cannonading began between the Two Armies; he soon seized their Cannon,

S~.

dislodged them from all their Pods, and woulc obtained a complete Victory, if Foot could have taken Cavalry, of which his Army was chiefly com] that he bad none of his own, and the Nairobi not fend him One Horseman: That they coni pursuing the Nabob of Purnea, until the 3d of they were to have continued their March next when between One and Two o’Clock in the JVIc Mr. Lushington came into his Tent with a FTa

(or Messenger) and told him* the young Nabob dead; that it would be difficult to express his Sur which was followed by his Enquiries, to know hov Accident had happened, which he was told was by' a of Lightning, as he lay on his Bed: fn a few Mi after, his Duan (or Prime Minister) came to the ness in the greatest Distress, alluring him that if 0. thing was not immediately done, the Consequ would be, the Plunder of the Camp, and the Nat Troops marching off wherever they thought pro There was no Way to prevent this Accident, Confusion which mull follow, but to endeavour to It his Death a Secret from his Army, that we might £ Time to bring over some of the Jamautdars of greatest Consequence, and attach them to our Inter< That they sent for One or Two of those he thou; he could most confide in, told them the Story, and quelled them as a Mark of the Regard they had their old Master, to continue faithful in the Service the old Nabob, and to bring over, by Degrees, many of the other Jamautdars as they could, to ti way of thinking; that he, on his Part, would 1 all his Endeavours with the old Nabob, that all t Arrears of Pay, and all the just Demands they mig have, should be settled to their Satisfaction: That then determined, that the Army should march bat towards Patna, and give out that the young Nabc was ill; this was performed in Seven Days, and dus ing this whole Time, except the People who were eo trailed with the Secret, the Army had no Knowledg of the young Nabob’s Death. — The Witness said, Ttai\ was the Narrative of his Campaign; that soon after Arrival at Patna, about the 28th or 29th of Ju/y, < the Beginning of August, he received Advice of JVf Vansittart's Arrival at Calcutta, as Governor.

Colonel Caillaud then read to the Committee the following Letter:

To the honourable J. Z. Holwell, Esquire, Preside^tf and Governor of Fort William,

SIR,

Camp at Balkijfen's Gardens, 29th May 1760.

I am honoured this Day with your Favour of the 24th Instant. My last Letters of the 24th, and those of Yesterday of the 28th, contain all I can urge in favour of our Return to Patna with the young Nabob. — You seem also convinced of the Necessity of it since the Receipt of Mr. Amyatt's Letters: I shall be glad to find it further confirmed by the Sentiments of the Select Committee.

I am not Master enough of the Subject, to know how the Company’s Investment of Salt Petre will be so much hurt this Year, and that you fear Succours will arrive too late to prevent such Mischief; but this I am very confident of, that if we do not fend Succours, the whole Province may be loft, and many Years , Investments to come.

I will endeavour now, Sir, to reply as fully as I can to the Subject on which you desire so earnestly to know my Sentiments, and hope what I have to say will so ' fully satisfy you, that I need not at lead leave the Army until the Campaign is quite conducted, as I think it cannot be done without Prejudice to our Affairs* .

* &d

12 Geo. III. 16° Mali.. 815

Bad as the Man may*-be, whose Cause we, how sup-. to fight it oat with the other contending Party, I fear East rndla port, I cannot be of Opinion that we can get rid of the Vizier and the Mahrattas would be too strong for Affairs, him for a better, without running the Riik of much those who remained of the Alliance, supposing them to greater Inconveniences attending on such a Change,- be the Rucl/ahs, and Dowiatt, and the Nabob of than those we now labour under. — I presume, the efta- However, supposing all this should take place*

blishing Tranquillity in these Provinces, would restore why may it not be done with our Nabob in our Hand, to us all the Advantages of Trade we could wish for {till his Friends and his Protestors ? the Profit and Honour of our Employer!* and 1 think I am this Instant favoured with yours of the 25th, we bid fairer to bring that Tranquillity aljjpvtr. by* our and I find by your Poftscript, that your Opinion and -present Influence over the Subah, and byv supporting mine with Regard to the Prince do not differ much, him, than by any Change which can be made. — No new I have no Objection to follow the Plan you propose. — Resolution can take place, without a Certainty of Let Mr. Hqjiings found the old Nabob, and I will Troubles, and a Resolution will certainly be the Con* go to work with the: young one, who joins me this lequence whenever we withdraw pur Protection from Day.

the Subah. — We cannot in Prudepce neither,. I believe. We may continue our March on to the Rains

leave this Resolution to Chance; . we must in some will give u.s Time to negociate, to lee we go on sure Degree be instrumental to bringing it about; in such Grounds, and nuke such a Plan of the Alliance as will a Cate, it is very possible we may raise a Man to the do us Honour, and be an Advantage to our Country*

Dignity just as unfit, to govern, as little to be depended and our Employers.; — But let us not abandon the upon, and in short as great a Rogue, as our Nabob.; Nabob; besides the Reasons I have urged above, one but perhaps not so great a Coward, nor so great a more still remains, which I believe will have some Fool, and of consequence, much more difficult to mar Weight, and make us cautious how we attempt, with-nage. — As to the Injustice of supporting this Man on out very strong and urgent Reasons, any Change in the Account of his Cruelties, Oppressions, and his being present System.

detested in his Government; I fee so little Chance in You are well acquainted. Sir, with the Cause which this blessed Country of finding a Man endued with the first gave Rife to-the. present Share of Influence, which opposite Virtues, that I think we may put up with these we enjoy in this Part of the Mogul’s Empire: A just "Vices with which we have no Concern, if in other Mat- Resentment for Injuries received, was the first Motive ters we find him fitted for our Purpose. which induced us to make a Trial of our Strength; the

As to his Breach of his Treaty, by introducing the Eafewith which we succeeded enlarged our Views, and Dutch last Yean, that was never so clearly proved, I made us chearfully embrace all Opportunities of increas-belieye, but as to admit of some Doubt. — Colonel Clive, ing that Interest and Influence, both on Account of the before he left the Country, seemed satisfied, that what Advantages which accrued from it to the honourable Was suspicious in his Conduct in that Affair, proceeded Company, as likewise the Hopes that it might in Time not from actual Guilt, but from the Timidity, of his prove a Source of Benefit and Riches to our Country j Nature. But if we still suspect him from further Cir- such were, I believe, the Motives of Colonel Clive's Ao cumstances, we always have it in our Power to put it tions during his Administration; such, I believe, were to the Test at once, by making him-aft as he ought, the Views of the honourable Company, when they soli-whether he will or no. cited and obtained Colonel Regiment from the

With regard jto drawing our Swords against tive (government; and such, I am certain, is the Plan which lawful Prince of the Country, no Man can more pity the Colonel proposes on his Return to pursue and to sup-his Misfortunes than I have done, nor would any one port, in Hopes to convince the Ministry, and the Conv-he more willing at^d happy to be instrumental in assist- pany, as he is convinced himself, that if they please tx> ing him to recover his just Right. — But such a Plan is support his Project, it will prove of the greatest Advaa-not the Thought of a Day, nor the Execution of it the tage to the Public.

\Voyk. of a few Months; there, is a powerful Party If I have stated our Situation right, it. follows, 1 Rill remains; the Vizier with the Mahrattas and Jutes, believe, of course, that we are bound with Vigouf who, notwithstanding the cojjstant Success of Abdallah to work on the same Plan, to act on the same Prin-againlk. them, still make head against him, and such are ciples, and to keep up the System as perfect and, entire theit. -Resources and their Numbers, that I believe as it was left in our Hands; that whatever- Resolu-

they will at last oblige the Patans to leave the Coun- tions the Nation or the Copipany may come to, on

try; for though they, cannot beat them fairly out of Colonel Clive's Representations, they, may not be dif-'

the Field, they bid fair to starve. them out of the appointed by finding here (at least through our Faults)

Country. ,1 any very, material Change in our Situation, Power, or

You hjve no. Doubt received Advice from Mr. Credit.

Hajlings, that Abdallah hath sent Orders to the several One Word more.:. All we can wifti to do is, not to Powers, to acknowledge the Prince King of lndojlan, suffer the Nabob to impose;on us, and..to check every by the Name of ShahAllitnt; Rupees are struck by his Beginning of an Independance he may endeavour to Order at Banaras and Lucknow, in that Name; Orders assume: Let us consult and improve, on every Occa-are also given to Shujah Dowlatt, to' accept the; Post fion that offers, the Honour and Advantage of our of Vizier; and our Nabob hath got, it E said, Instruc- Employers, and the Increase of their Trade and Cre-tions to acknowledge him, and pay him the Obeisance dit;, and not let, them suffer any additional Expence, on due to the King of Kings, as he is (tiled. Account of pursuing any Plan, or supporting any Syf-

lf we were perfectly sure Abdallah would remain, as tem whatever: By aft ing thus, I think we cannot err;

-be fays, until he saw the Prince well fixed on the we run at least no Rifle, and I believe the Company’s Throne, end the . Peace and Tranquillity of the.Coun- Affairs may be conducted by us under this Subah, as tryreftored; we might, I think, all joined together, be a much to their Advantage and Credit, as any other.

Match for the Mahrattas, but we must be well allured, whom a Resolution may place in the Government, that Abdallah will, heartily enter, and when entered, will Inclosed, I have the Honour to fend Mr. Amyatt's firmly fopport the Cause.; for should this Appointment last Letter, received this Morning: We have had, as of his be no more (as it is possible) than a finishing you will fee, another Brulh with the Prince’s Troops, and Stroke to end his Expedition with the Eclat of having with great Success; however, if the.other {M40 goes on, given us a Mogul, and when a certain Number of the we must put an End to this fighting System, and talk "Country Powers had entered into ti.c Alliance, he should cooly on Affairs: I shall expect the Favour of your think of a-Return to his own Country, and leave us Opinion with great Impatience, and have the Honour ’ Voi. 33. to

Eift IadTii Affairs.

8i 6 26° MaiL A. 1772.

id allure you* that I arh, with perfect Esteem and Respect, SIR,

Your moll obedient,

and most bumble Servant,

John

The Witness being silked* What were his Reasons for approving a Resolution in September 1760, which he seemed to disapprove so strongly by the Letter he had read, dated in MaJ t he said. He would, to the best of his Recollection, declare those Motives, by dating some Particulars of his Situation at that Time in the Country: The Ascendancy which Lord Clive had Over the Nabob* which flowed- from the Nabob from a Sense of the Favours he had received from Lord Clive., was, very soon after he came to the Command, at an End: That the Witness’s constant unwearied Attehtion, to keep up that Confidence so necessary between them and the Nabob, was prevented by some very untoward Circumstances: Mr. Holwell succeeded Lord Clive in the Chair, only by virtue of his Rank, in order of Successionj and the Certainty of another Governor being soon appointed, was known to the whole Country and of course, that Degree of Respect which the Nabob would haye had. to a Governor in other Circumstances, was not paid to Mr. *

Mr. Holwell soon saw this, and relented it. The Nabob’s

exceeding weak and irresolute Character, gave Plenty of Occasions for Mr. Holzvell to find Fault, and blame his Measures: That he felt them too, and observed them, but he thought that he did his Duty best as a faithful Servant to the Company, by acting the Part of a Mediator between them, and by softening, rather than irritating, the ill Disposition that subsisted between them, That on this Plan he acted throughout the whole Course of Mr. Holwell’s Administration j putting off by Delays, and sometimes with Reasons, every Approach to a Change of System in that Government, which though in his own Heart he adopted, and knew the Necessity of, yet he was desirous to keep it off as long as he could, till the Necessity of it might press so hard as to make it unavoidable: That he thought of nothing but temporary Systems formed to the Day 'and to the Minute he would not trust his own Abilities and Judgment* lb far as to decide upon what was right or wrong*, he knew something was to be done, but how to do it he really did not know: That when that Letter he read was wrote, the Nabob’s Son was ‘then-alive* his extraordinary Death made a great Change in the Situation of Affairs in that Country':

That Mr. Vansittart’s Arrival, and the Confidence he Tjadin his Abilities and Judgment* made him without Reluctance adopt his Plan* he knew his Motives; they were honest and, disinterested, as to himself, honourable and advantageous to His Employers, and such as the Necessity of the Times, the particular Situation at gal, the general State of the Company’s Affairs throughout India, have ever in his Opinion vindicated the Measures puriued.

" Being asked, Whether 20 Lack, or any other Sum was stipulated, for bringing about that Resolution ?

: He said, The Night that signed the

Articles, for accepting the Management of the Affairs . of Bengal, under Jaffier Ally Khan (in the Presence, as he believed, of Mr, Vansittart, Mr. , Mr. Hol-

well, and himself) Cojjim Ally , after expressing the many Obligations he had for our intended good Offices in his 'Favour, tendered a Paper to Mr.

fit tart; which, as Mr. Vansittart interpreted to u,s, contained a Note1 for 20 Lack of Rupees, payable to the Gentlemen then present* that he don’t recollect a ! Gentleman present there, that did not concur with him, -in desiring Mr. Vansittart to return that Paper to Cofiim Ally Khan; telling him. That he mistook our Motives "for his Advancement. ' He prefied on Mr. Vansittart 'again-the: Acceptance of the Paper telling him. That

C i

if we continued to refuse that Favour, he should fear that the Gentlemen present were not well pleased with the Appointment: Mr. Vanfitt, who knew his own Motives, as well as those of the Witness, and also of the rest of the Gentlemen in the Committee, told Ally Khan, returning him the Paper again, " When you

" have paid off all the Arrears due to the Company, to " your own Troops, that the Peace of this Country " is settled, and that your own Treasury is full; if " then you think proper to make us any Acknowledge'

" ment for the Services now done you, we shall not " then be unwilling to accept such Marks as you will " be pleased to give us of your Friendship." The Witness said, That the Affair ended there; and he declared solemnly upon his Honour, there was no Stipulations made, no Partition Treaty, or any thing of the Kind mentioned, then or after, to his Knowledge, of that Transaction.

The Witness added. That he'was now ready and Willing to declare, what he received upon the Occasion, When he received it, and how he received it he said, He little expected, after 13 Years Service in that Country, and 9 of them in the Field, that the little Fortune he made, should become the Object of so public an Enquiry; but he was happy to meet this Enquiry more than Half Way, and the more so in this particular Point; as perhaps it may give him an Opportunity of doing Justice-to the Memory of the Man from whom he received it (Mr. Vansittart) who did it in his usual generous and handlomeWay* so that he knows not but to this Minute, the Sum he received may be charged to his Account. After Cojfim Ally Khan was placed in the Government, he went up to the Army at

Patna, came down again, embarked for the Coast in January 1761, remained there a Year and an Half, and came back to Calcutta, called there upon extraordinary Business. In October 1762, Mr. Vansittart then going up to* Mungeer, told him, " If I am happy " enough to settle with the Nabob the unfortunate " Differences that have subsisted between him and my " Council, and that I cart with Propriety remind him " of the Services you jointly did him I shall certainly " endeavour to serve you." Mr. Vansittart went up to Mungeer, and he embarked on board a Ship for Europe. In the Year 1763, he received an Account current from Mr. Vansittart, in which he found Credit for 2 Lack of Rupees, unsolicited, as he had mentioned before, and much beyond his Expectations, and this upon his Honour was the whole of what he received directly or iridifectly upon that Occasion so little was Money his Object or Thought, that he never enquired or knew what others might have got upon -the same Occasion; -and that if Money had been his Object, he should have been more curious in his Enquiries: It is not statedin the Account from Mr. Van-fit tart, from whom the 2 Lack came, but he supposed it to come from Cofiim.

Being asked. Who took Possession of the House and Effects of Meer Jafiier ?

He said, Cojfim Ally Khan, after Jafiier had taken out every Thing that he wanted.

' Being asked, When the Resolution was taken of making Cojfim Ally Khan Nabob, in the Room of Meer Jafiier? .

He said, In the Accounts read of that Transaction, it appears, that Meer Jafiier, rather than consent to the Terms proposed, sent for Meer , and gave up the Government to him immediately.

Being asked. Whether Mr. Holwell made any Report to the Select Committee, that Cojfim Ally Khan Had proposed to take off the Nabob ?

He said, He never heard of such Proposal Mr. Holwell never reported to them, that such a Proposal had been made to him.

The Bengal Proceedings relating to Colonel Ca-

ilhud:.

Geo. III.

2 6° M

817

haud; and the Opinion of the Court of Directors upon the same Subject, were read; and are annexed in the Appendix, N# 10.

*9°’ IVlember of the House being present* desired to, gyjiinfc the Committee, That he was Chairman of ^he Company at that Time, and was the

princip^ Cause of Colonel scorning Home, in

order Justice to a Character he entertained a

high Opinion of; that the Court of Directors entered into a tninute Enquiry, when he was unanimously acquitted* and was returned to India with higher Honours.

William Brightivell Sumner, Esquire, being called upon by the Committee, to state his Reasons for assenting, as a Select Committee Man, to the Measure of deposing Meet Jaffier, and placing Cojfim Ally Khan on the P uftudV — laid. That,' without infilling on the public I /faC^ Treat>' ®* the Part of Meer , in the *?nce of the Dai eh Invasion,. and the many other Msub«U] Parts of his Conduct, the Irregularities of ch^jPTlVats Life, or the Cruelties with which he was the he would rest the Reasons for his Condudk on

of the Reformation, from the extreme Qorn ^hiesand imminent Dangers the Affairs of the

t tPariy, as well as those of the State, were reduced to IVab Jea/oufies, Insolence, and Inactivity of the f, After Jaffier, and the Mal-administration and

.rriJPtj'on 0£* fois Ministers, in the Collection and Dish-£a lof* of ffje fte venues, and, adding to these, the intestine Jroubjes the whole Country; the Witness was

orCJpirjj^ an Cj Rill continued firm in the fame, that it would have hcen impossible to have supported the Syllem

'°V'ernrxj cn t then established Two Months longer, and that em fc> arlced as we were with Meer , we mud

inevitably ^-ve (hared in his Ruin.

For the xfaculties and Distresses of the Presidency, and the riions formed, thereon, while these were

strong in Vi

and immediate Conclusions were necessary, the Wit ness referred to the public Records, which, he said, fully evinced the Necessity of the Measures pursued, but lie wished to have it understood, that when the Comma 11 ee first entered into Negotiation with Meer Coffin*, their only Idea was Reformation in the Ministry, n.ot a Resolution in the Government; and that it was the unexpected Obltinacy of Meer Jaffier alone, not an. original Design in the Committee, that placed Jtfeer Kdqffimon the Mufnud; that he believed, it

was a Circarr-vffcance as little thought of by Mr. as by when he left Calcutta, on his Visit to the

Nabob* for "the Purpose of these Reformations; but he readity admitted the Necessity of the subsequent Chan^ iy^IXcd0 by Mr. Vansittart, as pointed out by him io TNTarrative, every Part of which, from his intitoate K-rjowledge of the Man, he gave the fulieft Credit to.- — The Witness repeated. That he was, and fc\\ remained of Opinion, that the Destruction of jyfger Jaffier'*Government made the intended Refor-

necessary, and that having gone such Lengths, tbctc was no room for receding; and that on the whole’ be flattered himself, when all Matters were duly weighed, his Conduct would Rand justified in the £jp\nion of every candid and impartial Man, whether v?as considered as a Subject of this Kingdom, or as an immediate Servant of the Company.

The Witness being desired to inform the Committee, "Whether the Invitation which Meer Jaffier was supposed to give to the Dutch, was ever more than Suspicion? — he said. It was so far proved by a Letter or Letters, found in his Cabinet after he left Muxadavad, wrote by the Dutch Governor to him, on the Subject of that Invasion: That he could not recoiled the Purport of them precisely, but they were full Conviction to him; they were not entered upon the public Proceedings; and he docs not recoiled, that the Committee made any Remonstrance or Memorial to Meer , 33.

upon the Subject of their Suspicions with reifped t the Dutch, nor to his Knowledge did Meer Jaffier ever acknowledge such Transaction.

The Witness read from a printed. Book, the Transiations of the following Letters from Mr.

Bifdom, Director of Chinfura, to the Nabob Jaffier Ally Khan, and which he recollected to be those mentioned, above.

LETTER I.

Our Settlement was established here iong before the English and other Nations entered this Kingdom, of which we were Eye Witnesses: Our Power was then greater as well as our Trade, but now we perceive, that both our Power; Interest, and Wealth, are loft, whilst that of other Nations daily increase: In this- Cafe, what Recourse have we left? Our Dishonour and Shame is, aimost inevitable.

For this Reason, and for the Security of our Possessions, as well as for the Service, of your Excellency, 1 have sent for Troops into this Country: You are our Master and Sovereign; and therefore I hope for your Protec-, tion, and wait your Orders to bring our Troops to this. Place. .1 ,

God grant that your Riches may daily increase.

LETTER II.

As our Nation has always been encouraged by the Favour of your Excellency, and more particularly from that Time, when having a favourable Regard to our Company’s JJufiness, you repeatedly allured our Chief of Coffimbuzar, of your Attachment; considering the se

Circumstances, I was extremely furpnzed, that your Excellency, during your Residence at Calcutta, entered into an Agreement, that you would strengthen the Fort of Mnha Tama, in order to prevent the Dutch Troops from coming this Way; and also gave a Note to the English, directing them to oppose the coming up of our Army. — All these Things considered, it i'eems plain to us, that your Excellency did not enter intar the Agreement, or gave this Order from any ill Opinion of us; but it is all to be imputed to the overbearing Spirit of the English: But if any one enters into an Agreement through Force or Distress, and afterwards does not abide by it, he will stand justified by the Laws of God and Man; particularly the Governor of a Kingdom, who wishes for nothing else but the Good of his Country, and the Prosperity of his People.

I am therefore in Hopes, through your Justice and Favour, that you will recede from your Agreement and Order, and that we shall obtain an Order from your Excellency, for the bringing up of our Army; and also, that a positive Order may be given to the Engliffii on no Account to molest them, for w sent for the said Army to this Country, in consequence of your Di-redtions.

The King’s Revenues are greatly detrimented, and the Country aimost ruined, and of this you can only look upon the English as the foie Cause. Our Nation formerly brought considerable Sums of Money into this Kingdom, and did not carry out any, and now the English are so powerful, that no Trade can be carried on by us, for which Reason no Money now arrives, and the English yearly remit considerable Sums: By this Means the Revenues of the Country are greatly decreased; and therefore how will you be able, without great Difficulty, to maintain your Forces? and when your Enemies come upon you, you will not then be capable of eppofing the m: — This Time if you will favour the Company, they will ever be at your Command; and your present Anxiety and Uneasiness may be removed:

— Your Excellency cannot take a better Step, and I hope you will take this into your favourable and serious Consideration, and return me a proper Answer.

9Y LETTER

kail India Affair*.

8x8

2 6*

LETTER III.

Affrirt'

The wrathful Letter you wrote to me I have received and it has given me inexpressible Uneasiness: — The ’Troops were not called here at my own Desire, nor did I imaging the y would ever have come to Action, and fully intended to have returned them by the Ships when they (ailed for Europe: — They were brought here for the Security of the Ships: This I acquainted your Excellency of severalTimes. — During their (lay in Camp they molested no Man, nor had any Disturbances with the Country People; this also you are well allured of — It was never my Intention they should fight; but the English hoisted Moors Colours, and immediately came down upon them, and a Battle ensued. Your Excellency is the Magistrate of Justice, and therefore I desire you will interfere. — I was desirous that some Advantage should arise to the Riots from the Sale of the Goods when they were brought up, and intended to have laden on board the Ships the Salt Petre and other Goods that were bought, and with the People that came here, dispatched them to Europe; but the would not

permit the Boats to pals: — I am willing to act up to our Agreement, and hope your Excellency wiH adhere to it also: In this we entirely depend on your Favour. The Company have for a long Time carried on Trade here; and therefore earneftjy desire you will continue to them your Favour and Protection, as we are not able of ourselves to root out our Enemies.

The Witness further faief. There were several other Letters shewn him by Mr. , but does not know

they were ever acknowledged by Meer Jaffier, and believes they were never shewn to him; and he does not know whether these Letters were signed; but they were sealed on the Cover; and he was convinced they were wrote by the Dutch Governor.

Being asked, What he apprehended to be the Rea(bn that thelc Letters were not shewn to the Select Committee, and transmitted as Part of their Proceedings? he laid. He believed they were shewn to every one of the Committee separately; that he could assign no certain Reason for the Conduct of Mr. Vansittart, but supposes he did not think them of Consequence to be shewn to the Committee in their collective Capacity.

Being asked, Whether there were any Hostilities between the Two Companies, previous to the Dutch Fleet coming into the River? he said, There were no Hostilities; some Disagreements there had always been on commercial Transactions, which were generally accommodated.

'The Witness further said, in Answer to other Questions, That he certainly thought the Nabob was bound by the Second Article of the Treaty, to prevent any Ships or Troops of the Dutch coming into Bengal; and that certainly the Dutch would have acted as our Enemies, had they been permitted to introduce 7 or 800 Europeans: That he apprehends the Strength of the Dutch in all their Factories before this Operation, amounted toabout 150 Military Men: That a Correspondence had passed between the and Dutch upon that

Transaction: He could not rccollect exactly their public Professions, but had no Doubt of their Intentions.

The Witness further said, That he was a Member of the Select Committee from the Time of Lord Clive's Departure to the Period of the Resolution: that he did not rccollect they had any Meetings as a Select Committee upon that Subject; the whole being carried on in the Correspondence between General and Mr. Holwell.

He further said, That he was one of the Select Committee present when Ally Khan made the

Offer of 20 Lack to the Governor and Council; and that he confirmed every Part of General CalliaucTs Evidence upon that Occasion, with this Difference, that vhen the Paper was returned, Mr. Vansittart observed that we were labouring for the Peace and Safety of the Country; that the Exigencies of the State were prefiing,

Mali . 17 7 ^.

and that we would not on any Account receive this Offer, but that if, when the Country was settled, he found himself in a Situation so to do with Convenience to his Affairs, he would then be at full Liberty to gratify his Friends as he thought proper: And Mr. Vansittart further added, " I will, for my Part, under such Circumstances,

" freely accept any Token of your Regard; and I " should suppose the other Gentlemen will do the " fame:" That Mr. Vansittart then returned the Paper to Coffim Ally Khan, who seemed uneasy, and said. He apprehended we were not so much his Friends as he wished: — That Mr. Vansittart then gave him the strong-eft Assurances of our Sincerity, and took the Opportunity to press a Donation from him of 5 Lack of Ropees to the Company, as a Help towards, the Reduction of Pondicherry, this was granted, and was paid the very first Money — to the bed of the Witness’s Recollection, a very few Weeks after the Transaction.

The Witness being further questioned, said, That he knew of no Acknowledgment made to the Governor and Council, as a Body, after Coffim Ally KJian was placed on the Mufnud, but that as to himself, as in the Course of his Evidence, he should have Occasion to mention his Dismission from the Company’s Service, a Circumstance, which if not explained might leave an Impression of Culpability on his Part, he begged Leave to inform the Committee, that the Cause of his Dismission was, his having signed a Letter to the Court of Directors, as one of their Council among many others, wherein they expostulated on what they thought harsh and undeserv- ed Treatment; that this Letter gave the Directors such Umbrage, that every Man in India who had signed it, was immediately dismissed without the lead Regard to the Merits or Length of their Services; that lie dates this as the foie Cause of his Dismission; and in Proof thereof, referred to the several Papers annexed in the Appendix, N° 11. P- 9°*-The Witness observed, that the Change of Government in favour of Coffim Ally Khan, took place in 1760, and said. That several Months after his Edabliffi-mens, Coja Petrufe, the Nabob’s Agent in Calcutta, presented him, in the Name of the Nabob, with 80,000 Sicca Rupees (f. 10,000): The Payments were made from May to July 1761: That he was dismissed the Company’s Service the 5 th of August following: and from that Penod, to his \tvt\ng Bengal, the 20th of January 1762, he received further, and in like Manner, at different Times, the Sum of 144,000 Sicca Rupees (£. 18,000) making together the whole Amount received £. 28,000 Sterling: That the Reason of separating the Sums received, was in Support and Confirmation of the Idea that he had always entertained and wished to convey to the Committee, of its having been a free and voluntary Gift; and he begged Leave again to remark, that by far the Jargest Part of the Present was received after his Dismission: That under these Circumstances he ever considered the Transaction honourable, and never made a Secret of it: That he had thus intruded upon the Patience of the Committee, to obviate an Opinion, which seems too prevalent, that Presents are received indiscriminately in India, and that Self-interest is the only Motive of Actions there: And to shew what he thought di[honourable Presents, he further informed the Committee, That in March 1761, he was employed by the Governor and Council in the Province of Burdzvan, to enquire into the State of the Revenues, so as to enable them to form a Settlement with the Rajah for the ensuing Year; that while he was upon his Journey, the Rajah found Means to fend his Agents to Calcutta, who reprefeated to the Governor and Council, that of late Years the Nabob’s Receipts, which was the Claim the Company had on the Province, had scarcely exceeded 18 Lack of Rupees 1 However, after much Treating, they offered to settle for the next Year, at between 24 and 25 Lack: That the Governor and Council had not agreed in Form to this l’ropolal, but he was informed by a Letter on the 3d of April, they had determined so to do; and he was in

consequence

i% Geo. III.

6° Mali.

819

confccjuence immediately recalled: That he informed ]Vfr. Vansittart with the Opinion he had formed upon the

InteiJifi»ence he had got into the State of the Province; and tb* he meant to protest against those Terms of Agtecrnent s That the next Morning, before the Council mct. Re convinced Mr. Vanfi l'o fully of the Just* ness of his Opinion, that he was re-appointed to Burd-watt ^r*th the same Commission and Powers: That this Transe-^00 appeared on the Consultation of the 10th of April *771 — That about the latter End of June, or Be-

ginning of July, he had completed his Enquiries, and returned to Culcntta with a voluntary Offer from the Rajah, of the Payment of 32 Lack and a Half of Rupees, which was agreed to and the whole received within ♦hat Year: That this Transaction established a Footing 5j?r a further Resident at Burdwan, and thereby laid the _ oundation of an annual Increase of Rents, amounting ^^this Time, if he is rightly informed, to 43 Lack per

net Receipt to the Company.

.ne YVrtness said, That on the Morni

orning of the loth

____________ _______, ______„ ,_____o______

paicj of Rupees for his own Use and Benefit, to be

QO- *--------- ^--- J ! 1----1J C--1---

pJSc when'his Re-appointment to Burdwan took - e* he had in Offer made by the Rajah’s Agent of

all qQo»Wi immediately, on Condition he would forbear were PPoRtion to the Engagement which the Council

Me^foreready to enter into; and that Mr. Smith (a conn of the Council) with whom he was intimately

of 2 e*^ed, fbon after informed him, that lie had Offers toft* r^-cfc <y€ Rupees for his Influence with him, not him lr,!n tkc-Affairs; and that their further Offers to

l v*hroue;i*» Smith)were unlimited: That they j treatecd C His Propofol as it deserved. r ,n re^ard fco Rrefents received by others, the Witness "T’iiat whatever had come to his Knowledge had been by as their Attorney, but as he is pertuaded

that thfe Ger» tlemen who employed him have no Relerve upon the Occari°n> and as he can speak with Certainty On the , he should conceal no Part: — That Mr.

Holwe//9 who was of the Council, received two Lack and

70,000 Rupees------- Mr. Mone Lack and 80,000

— - Mr. Cullirr^y Smith, Secretary to the Committee, one Lack and 3 ,r>oo — Major JVke.who commanded the

Detachment i m mediately attendant bn Meer , one Lack and 3 4,000 — He did not know whether Mr. Van-fittert receiwecf any Thing: These Sums were paid in

17The Witra efs being asked, What were the Circumstances of the- C^ountry wi.en this Money was received ? — he said, was a Matter he supposed the Nabob a pro-t>cr f udgP

geiogi asked , Whether Meer Jafier, at the Time of the Resolution, had discharged his Debt incurred by treaty uvith the Company in 1757: — he said. No. 's«aja.tvO& remained due, for which, when the Assign-A nts 'n Burdwan Country were giiten up, the Com-

me v yecc'ved Jewels and other Effects, which were con-red aS iull Security, not as Payment; and could not 'lCie "wi'en the Payment was made. xeC|je\ng 3-fk.ed, Whether at the Time he received the first j^ent of his Present, he did not receive an Obliga-for a larger Sum ? — he said, He did; that it was V<^oC Weeks, to the best of his Recollection, after CoJJim Ally ^tan Calcutta, that informed him,

JyiC Nab0'5 intended to make him a Prelent of 2 Lack and |-lalf» and desired to know whether he would accept of them: — That he answered, he would very thankfully accept of them as a free and voluntary Gift, whenever kis Circumstances and Situation admitted it, without Inconvenience to his own Affairs: That he then presented him with the Nabob’s Obligation for that Sum, saying. That the Nabob had suffered much Uneasiness by Mr.

Vatijiltart'%llefufal of the Obligation for 20 Lack. The Witness replied, That he contidered the Obligation of no Validity; but he received the Present as an Earned of the Nabob's friendly Intentions towards him.

Being asked, If, at the Time of this Conversion with Vol. 33.

Coja Petrufe, the Nabob was indebted to the Company ? he said. It was probable be might be in Debt, but he thinks Jewels were mortgaged for the Payment of every Debt, The Deposit of Jewels was considered as absolute good Security; blit when they were redeemed, or how the Account was settled, be could not recol’eft.

The Witness further said. That large Sums had been sent by Meet jfqffier to Patna for Payment of the Troops; and Payments had likewise been made at Muxddavad; that Sums were still due wj^most pfo-bable, for he did not suppose Army Accounts eyer.havp been, or will be, settled. As to the Troubles in thq Country, he apprehends they were not concluded; and that^ the Battle with the Shawzadda had not then happened.

Being asked. Whether he apprehended the Treasure of the Nabob was abounding at that Time ? he laid. At the Time the Obligation was given, he apprehended not; but when it was paid, he apprehended (jhc Nabob found no Inconvenience.

In answer to further Questions, the Witness laid, That lie never disclosed'to Mr Vansittart his Couverfotion with

Ceja Petrufe, nor had-'he had Curfolky to enquire wi-

ther Messages, similar to that sent to him, had been len|f to ^Ar. Holwell, Mr. Cal&aud, Mr or either of

them: And he does not believe that Mr. Vansittart knew any thing of the 2 Lack mentioned in Mr. Hoi well's Letter; and thought it impossible he should.

In the Course of the above Evidence, were read the Papers annexed in the Appendix, N°i2. -: P

Your Committee having proceeded thus far in, their Report; and finding it impossible, from the intended Prorogation, to digest in any Manner the rest of their Proceedings, have, in Consideration of the Importance of the Matter, laid a Transcript of their Minutes b«h°re the House.

General Carnack.

Whether you was present in Bengal at the Time of the Resolution, which placed CoJJim Ally Khan on the Mufnud ?

I left Bengal in February 1760, with Lord Clive, on my Return to Europe. — At my Arrival at Saint Helena I had Information that the Court of Directors had appointed me Major of their Settlement at Bengal, and Commander of their Forces there.

In consequence of that Information, I availed myself of the Opportunity of one of the Company’s Ships that was at Saint Helena, and went back to Bengal. — I arrived in the Mouth of the River, I think, in the Beginning of October in that Year; but being detained there Five or Six Days by contrary Winds, I suppose it was about the 12th or 13th before I arrived at — I there

received a Letter from Mr. Vansittart, who had heard of the Ship’s being in the River, informing me he wa* gone to Muxadavad with Colonel , and wished

me to follow him as soon as possible: — I accordingly tarried but a very few Days at Calcutta, and proceeded up to Mr. Vansittart. — In my Way to one of the Palaces, called Moradbog, where Mr. Vansittart was,

I rtf Necessity passed by the Nabob’s Palace, while Colonel Calliaud, with the Troops, was there, it being the very Day of the Resolution, in the Act of making the Resolution; and yet every thing was so quiet, that I passed the Place without having any Idea or the Matter. — Mr. Vansittart, upon our Meeting, informed me of what had been transacted.

To state the Circumstances relating to rain.

Ramnarrain was a very able Man, but very avaricious, and he had the Credit of being very wealthy, which, was Motive sufficient for CoJJim Ally Khan to wish to have him in his Power. — He was always an Objeift of Jcalously of the Nabob’s, and even Meer Jaffier wished to have had hold of his Treasures; however, my Lord Clive had secured him from any Injustice of that Nature, and it was deemed a proper Point of Policy to support Ramnarrain j and the first Orders I received after, the

Victory

Ea&Indjp

Affairs*

.901.

taft India Affairs.

820

Viftofy over the ihawxadda, Were to maintain the En-

¥igeiments which had been observed in Lord s itne, with respect to protecting from any

Violence or Injustice on the Part of the Nabob. — The Plea of his being in Arrear was the Pretext always tirade use of for oppressing him, but without Foundation; for in the frequent Conversetions I "had with Ramnarrain on the Subject, he always seemed ready to come to a fair and equitable AccountThe Governor and Council thought p toper afterwards to give me contrary Directions respecting that unfortunate Man: There stands upon- the Company’s Records a. Letter from me to the Board, shewing the Contrariety of their Orders, and an absolute Refusal, while I was at the Head of their Forces, of doing so dishonourable an Act, as delivering up this Man to his Enemy.

Fort William Consultations, 21 April 1761 — Major CarnacPs Letter relating to Ramnarrain — -read.

Hie ad Order the' Governor and Council gave me. Was to deliver up Ramnarrain, which I absolutely refused. — In the Interim Colonel Coote - came and took the Command of the Armyr-Colonel Coote's pursuing the same Measures, with respect to Ramnarrain, was an Approbation of my Conducty which was Very pleasing to me.

At the Time you left the Army at Patna, did you bnderstand that you had a Right to quit the Service when you thought proper ?

I certainly had a Right, in my Apprehension, to Yesign the Service, except to evade Punishment for any Crime I might have been guilty of, or in the Face of Danger.

Whether you delivered such an Opinion to the Presidency at Calcutta t

I did, and it (lands upon Record.

Was there then any Obligation or Covenant between the Military Servants and the Company to serve for any limited Time ?

I believe there have been Instances of inferior Officers entering into such Covenants, but my Commission was sent out without any such Stipulation; and I will observe, why in Justice it ought to be so, for it was in the Power of the Governor and Council to difinifs me at their Pleasute.

Whether the same Liberty did not extend to all the other Military Servants of the Company rnot having entered into Covenant.

So I have always understood (ingly, and withRestriction, as I have mentioned.

Do you imagine, that if at the Time you had re-(igned, another Person exercising the same Right at the feme Time would have rendered an Action, innocent in itself, criminal by the Conduct of another ?

No — nor Men in more than one — as no immediate Detriment could have from thence ensued to the Service; but I should think myself highly criminal to join in a general Combination to relign.

Do you imagine that several Persons combining together to do an Act, which was lawful for each to do separately, would, by such Combination, be guilty of a Crime ?

I do, and for this Reason, that general Ruin (and -more especially in India, where the Lose of Officers cannot be Supplied) would be the Consequence of such a general Resignation.

Do you think that every thing which may be hurtful in its Consequences is therefore criminal to do ?

Where the Public is materially concerned I think

(o.

Whether your Motive for quitting the Army was the Orders you received for giving up Ramnarrain I did not quit the Army, but was ordered down, I believe, with a View of removing every Obstacle to the Delivery up of Ramnarrian.

Whether you do not think that a Breach of the

4

Mail. A. 1771

general Engagements, under which Officers served the Company, would have warranted a general RdignaJ tion?

I think it may tend to exculpate; but no private Considerations can warrant an Act, when, the public Safety is at Stake.

Sir Eyre Coote. .

To give an Account of the particular Circumstances relative to Ramnarrain.

After the Campaign was over, on the Coall of Coromandel, which ended, I believe, in Jamary 1760, 1 then went dpwn to Bengal: — I may fey, prior to that, that I had received a Letter from the Governor and Council of Madrass, 4. December 1760, informing me of the Resolution in Bengal, and that there was Five Lack of Rupees sent from the Nabob,

for the Payment, of the Troops acting in the Si$ge of Pondicherry: — At that Time we were, I believe, Three or Four Months in Arrears to our Black Troops, no{-withstanding all the Attention the Governor and Council of Madrass paid to the supplying us with Money; if that Money had come in any other Way than by a Resolution, it would have made me much happier than it did. — In my Answer to that Letter of the 7th, I gave my Opinion of my Difepproval of that Resolution, as a Measure I thought would be produc-. tive of the Loss of our Reputation. — Upon my Arrival in Bengal, I found there was two different Parties of the

Council, the one that had formed the Resolution, and the other that difepproved of it: — I was intimately acquainted with the Gentlemen of both those Parties, and therefore, as the Affair had happened, however unfortunate I thought it might prove, I made it my Business to endeavour to reconcile the Two Parties, with a Resolution, at that Time, not to interfere in any Matter of Business or Politics where I thought no Honour was to be gained; however, I was over persuaded by Mr. Vansittart and the other Gentlemen (as a Measure which, they told me they imagined would ,be of great Service to the Company) to go up to the Army at accordingly I desired they would give me Instructions to proceed by, which are as follows:

Instructions to Colonel Coote, in the Sele£l Committee Proceedings, Fort William, 21 April 1761, read.

By this, I believe, it will plainly appear, that the Governor and Council had two Objects in view, in fending me there, one was the fixing a Plan of Operation upon the Supposition that we should be able to coridudt the Mogul to Delhi; the other to (ecure and protect Ramnarrain in the Province of Patna: — Upon my Arrival at Patna I applied with the doled Attention, to the Business upon which I was sent there; I informed the Shazvzadda of the Sentiments of the Board towards-him, and the Desire the Englishi had to aflid him to the utmost of their Power, which he seemed very fen-fible of, and very desirous of having; at the same Time desiring that he might be proclaimed and acknowledged by us as he had been by different Powers in Indojlan; and said, he thought it very extraordinary, that where he himself resided, there he was not acknowledged: Those Matters I communicated to the Board to receive their Instructions, as will be seen in the Course of the Correspondence in July. — I likewise informed that I had Orders from the Governor and Council to protect him, provided he would settle his Accounts with the Nabob; and therefore I desired him immediately to set about it, informing the Nabob of the feme, as may be seen in my Correspondence with the Governor and Council. — During those Transactions I received a Letter from the Board, recommending it to me to proclaim the King. — I found, that had I immediately complied with the Request of the Board, it might prove of fatal Consequence to the Nabob, and to the Company, at that Time; for he had given away several of the bed Provinces to different People that belonged to him, particularly

12 Geo. III. $6° A

ticularly Purnca, which will likewise be seen in the Correspondence; I therefore thought it, to the best ctf my Judgment, for the Advantage of the Company and the Nabob, as it was the Shawzadda’s Inclination, to let him go to Shujah Dowla; at the same Time I had got the Nabob to consent to that Measure, and to pay a Visit with me to the Shawzadda; then it was thought adviseable, both by the Nabob, and several of the Company’s Servants who were present, that the Nabob for himself, and I on Behalf of the should coin the

Siccas, and acknowledge him Mogul on the Day that he should pals the Boundary of the Province; this he seemed Satisfied with, and it was agreed that Major with

!Part of the Army, should escort him; the Major informing me, in proper Time, of the Day he should join Shujah DoW/a, in order that I might keep my

.Promise, the Nabob consenting entirely to all this Matter; and at the same Time agreed, that if we prosecuted the Expedition, and settled Matters with Skujak,

that he would advance the 10 Lack towards the Payment of our Forces. — The King was but a few Days gone, when the Nabob seemed to alter his Sentiments entirely, with regard to the Promises he had made, and turned his Thoughts intirely towards the seizing of Ramnarrain, for which, if I would give him up, he offered me Seven Lack and a Half of Rupees, and whatever I pleased to the Gentlemen of my Family; this I communicated, by Letter, to the Governor and Council of 17th July 1761: — The Nabob finding he could not gain his Point, with regard to then

thought it necessary to write the Governor, Mr. Jittart, the most scandalous Invedtives, and false Ac-cufations, against me, and was determined that he would not declare the King the Day we had both given out Words of Honour for doing it.^-He had then a large* Army encamped on the Outside of Patna: — 1 was then *n the City, and from the Detachments which I had made, and which were font for the Collection of Revenues with Major Carnac, I had not then under my C’oujmand above 150 Europeans, 70 of which were in th I lospital-s, and I believe 3 or 400; I was,

wifii this Force, to protect the City, Ramnarrainy and to defend my own HonourThe Nabob knowing my "Wcak ncis, thought it a proper Opportunity to get Possei-fion of the City: — He applied to me for Leave to come into the For- of the City the Day before the Shawzadda was to he proclaimed; to which I agreed, and he seemed thoroughly satisfied, provided he only brought in the -Attendants about his Person; this heconfcnted to: Tht Night or two before the Mogul was to be proclaimed, be lent me Word, that he would not proclaim him, nor come into the CT ity, unless he had the Gates delivered u{> to him, which i would by no Means consent to; at the same Time I i/aformed him, that I had given my Honour for ciol 1 ring the Mogul on such a Day, and I would have it an formed in the City, which would not appear proper in the Lyes of the Country', as he was Subab of the 3E?rovince, and begged we might have a Conference upon the Subject, which he evaded having; anti I was informed by my Spies, that that very Night his Camp was all in Motion, and his Artillery brought towards the City, — I lent the next Morning to one of his chief i\I i nifler', to learn the Reason of such a Movement, and the Meaning of the Nabob, which he told me was done b»y Coja Greg, who was his Head General; and he was not afraid to say at the Durbar, that it would be rodtiftive of Mischief: Finding, the next

"Night, the Fa me Movements and Disturbances in his Camp, 1 tho tight it necessary to go the next Morning ttvyself, anel t o lee him, if possible; accordingly 1 ordered a Company of Sepoys, and a Troop of 30 Horsemen - that 1 bad, t:o get themselves in Readiness by Six in the ls/Torn"tOg» at which Hour the next Morning I lent Mr. lyaits to inform him of my coming: It was Seven before 1 auivecl at his Tent, and Mr. Watts informed me, fLat the Nabob was not to be seen; he had ffertt tt> him,

"y of*

bail. 8 21

but had not seen him.: 1 went into the outer Tent, taking India Pistols in my Hand for my own Security, and fat down Mr*' there till 1 should hear further: — As it is a Custom in India, when they mean ill to a Person that visits them in Camp, to cut the Tent Cords, and let the Tent fall on the Person they mean to destroy, 1 desired Captain Ifer to place two of the Troopers round the Tent, to prevent any Mischief of that Kind; and finding the Nabob would not fee me, I rode away, and left Mr. to

inform him of my Business: This the Nabob represented to the Governor and Council as a grievous Insult, for which Reason I received several extraordinary Letters from the Board, which are upon the Correspondence, with my Answers; and at my Return to , I de-

fired a strict Enquiry might be made into the Matter; and the Enquiry was made.

[Consultations, Fort William, 28 September 1761,

Letter to "Colonel Coote read.]

I was ordered by the Select Committee, to withdraw the Protection from Ramnarrain, which I did accord*-ingly 5 he was soon after murdered, and his ‘Treasure seized.

[Letter, 18 June, 1761, to Colonel for

Ramnarrain’% Suspension read,]

[ 17 July, Colonel Coote's Letter in Answer to D*

read.]

The withdrawing the Protection from Ramnarrain, was in Effect giving him up to the Power of the Nabob.

The Papers read in the Course of the above Evidence are annexed in the Appendix, N° 13. p.

Your Committee having, taken the Evidence of Colonel Mptro, a Member of the House, at his express Desire, that he might be at Liberty to attend his private Affairs in Scotland, they have added it to their Report, though beyond the Period to which they have been able to extend their present Enquiry, as it has turned out.

Colonel Mtinro: — In April 1764 I was under the King’s Orders, from His Majesty’s Secretaries of State and War, to return to Europe with such of His Majesty’s Troops as did not chuse to inlist into the Company’s Service; I was accordingly to have embarked with the Troops the Beginning of May on board a Mocoa Ship, which was to fail for Europe-, but before I embarked there were two Expresses arrived from Bengal, acquainting the Governor and Council at Bombay, that Shujah Dowla and Cojpm Ally Khak had marched into the Province of Bengal, at the Head of 60,000 Men: That Major Adams, who commanded the Army, was deadThat the Settlement of Calcutta was in the utmost Conftema-tion, and the Company’s Affairs in the utmost Danger; they therefore requested, that the Governor and Council of Bombay would apply to me to go round immediately to take the Command of the Army with His Majesty’s Troops, and as many as could be spared from the Presidency of Bombay. — As His Majesty’s Intention in fending out his Troops to India, by the Orders I had, was to assist and defend the Company in their different Settlements, I thought it would not be answering the Intention of fending them out to return and leave the Cortipany’s Affairs In that Situation; I therefore complied with the Request, and arrived at Calcutta with His Majesty’s Troops, and a Detachment of the Company’s from Bombay, feme Time in the Month of May 1764: Mr. Vanjittart, who was then Governor, acquainted me that the Army under the Command of Major Carnac had been, since the Death of Major Adams, and Shujah Dowla and his Army had comC into the Province, upon the Defensive, and retreated before the Enemy; but 1 am sure, from Major Comae's gallant Behaviour upon every Occasion, that he" will be able to give a proper Account for his Conduct in that Campaign. — Mr. Vansittart requested, that I would immediately repair with the Troops I had carried round

9 Z from

Baa 26° A. ill'll

Cad India from Bombay, to join the Army who were in Canton- Works on the Banks of the Scanst to impede the eroding Affairs, ment at Patna, and take the Command of them. — I of the Troops: — I ordered Major with a De-

found the Army, Europeans as well as Sepoys, mutinous, tachment and Field Pieces to march and cross the deserting to the Enemy, threatening to carry off their some Miles below, where the Army was to cross,

Officers to the Enemy, demanding an Augmentation of after fixing with him the Hour and Day that I intended Pay, demanding large Sums of Money, which they to arrive at the Soane with the Army: — I desired that said had been promised them by the Nabob, and dif- he might be at that Time on the other Side, and endea-obedient to all Order; 400 of the Europeans had gone your to dislodge the Enemy, and cover the landing of off in a Body, and joined the Enemy some Time before the Troops. — That Officer was so pointed in executing I joined the Army: This being the Situation the Army his Orders, he began to fire upon the Enemy just as the was in, I fully determined to endeavour to conquer that Van of the Army appeared upon the Banks of the Soane, mutinous Disposition in them before 1 would attempt to and soon dislodged them, by which Means the whole conquer the Enemy: — I accordingly went with a De- Army, in Hours, was landed on the other Side with-tachment of the King and Company’s Europeans from out the least Molestation: — I continued to march on to-Patna, with Four Field Pieces of Artillery, to Chippera, wards Buxar, where the Enemy was: — The last 2 or 3 one of the Cantonments: — I think the very Day, or Days March the Line of March was a good deal ha-the Day after, I arrived, a whole Battalion of Sepoys, raffed by the Enemy’s Cavalry, so much that there was with their Arms and Accoutrements, went off to join 2 Serjeants and 6 or 7 Men of the advanced Guard were the Enemy; I immediately detached about 100 Ett- killed: — Upon the 22d of we arrived at Buxar,

ropeans, and a Battalion of Sepoxs, whole Officers told and encamped just without Range of the Enemy’s Shot; me they thought they could depend upon them not to and upon my going to reconnoitre their Situation with desert, with Two Field Pieces, to endeavour to come some of the Field Officers, I found the greatest Part of up with the Deserters, and bring them back to me; them were intrenched with the Ganges upon their Left, the Detachment came up with them in the Night-time, and the Fort or Village of Buxar on their Rear: — I in-found them asleep, took them Prisoners, and carried tended to have attacked their Camp about 1 or 2 in the them back to Chippera: — The Officer who commanded Morning of the 23d, and sent out Spies to bring me the Detachment lent ine an Express, acquainting me some Pieces of Intelligence, such as to know whether I with the Hour he would arrive at Chippera with the could bring my Artillery on the Right of their Camp, Prisoners, — I was ready to receive them with the Troops resolving not to attack them on their Left, that we might under Arms; upon their Arrival at Chippera, I imme- have a better Chance to drive them into the diatcly ordered their Officers to pick me out 50 of the than they should us: I likewise wanted to know in what Men of the worst C ha rasters, and who they thought Part of their Encampment the Force of their Artillery might have enticed the Battalion to desert to the Enemy; lay, and where the Vifier and Tent

they did pick out 50; I desired them to pick me out flood: — The Spies did not return to Camp by x o’Clock 24 Men of those 50 of the worst Characters: I imme- at Night: — I took it for granted they had been taken diately ordered a Field Court Marshal to be held by Prisoners, and therefore resolved to put off the Attack their own Black Officers, and after representing to the till the 24th in the Morning: Two of the Spies came in Officers the heinous Crime the Battalion had been guilty by Day-light of the Morning of the 23d, and told of, desired they would immediately bring me their Sen- me, that the Enemy were under Arms all Night, moving tence; they found them guilty of Mutiny and Defer- their Artillery, and fending off their Treasure and tion, sentenced them to suffer Death, and left the Women in the Night. — 1 went immediately with some Manner to me; I ordered immediately Four of the 24 Officers to look at their Disposition: I saw a good many to be tied to the Guns, and the Artillery Officers to of Their Troops under Arms, but not out of their In-prepare to blow them away: — There was a remarkable trenchments. — The Officers who were with me, as well Circumstance, four Grenadiers represented, as they as myself, thought they only meant to shew themselves always had the Post of Honour, thought they were in order to strike a Terror into our Troops, never intitled to be first blown away; the Four Battalion Men imagining the y would quit their Lines in order to attack were untied from the Guns, and the four Grenadiers us; and as I never heard of a Black Army, beforeat-tied and blown away, upon which the European Of- tacking a European Army, I returned to our Camp, ficers of the Battalions of Sepoys, who were then in the wishing the y would come out and attack us, for our Field, came and told me, that the Sepoys would not Army was encamped in Order of Battle. — About Eight suffer any more of the Men to be blown away: — I or- o’Clock in the Morning the Field Officer of the Day dered the Artillery Officers to load the four Field came into my Tent as I was at Breakfast, and acquainted Pieces with Grape Shot, and drew up the Europeans me, that the Enemy’s Right was in Motion, and he with the Guns in their Intervals; desired the Officers was sure they meant to attack us; I immediately went to return at the Heads of their Battalions; ordered them out with my reconnoitring Glass in my Hand, and law immediately to ground their Arms, and if one of them and thought as he did, upon which I ordered the Drums attempted to move, I would give Orders to fire upon to beat immediately to Arms, which was done, and the them, and treat them the same as if they were Serajah Troops advanced from their Encampment, and were in Dozv/ah’s Army. — They did ground their Arms, and did a few Minutes ready to receive them: — The Action not attempt to take them up again, upon which I or- lasted from Nine till Twelve; the Enemy then dered 16 more of the 24 to be tied to the Guns by gave way, went off very fiowly, blowing up several Force, and blown away the same as the first, which Tumbrels and three large Magazines of Powder as was done: I immediately ordered the other Four to be they went off. — I immediately ordered the Line to break carried to a Cantonment, where there had been a De- into Columns and pursue; and two Miles from the l'ertion of the Sepoys some time before, with positive Field of Battle there was a Rivulet, where the Enemy Orders to the commanding Officer at that Canton- had a Bridge of Boais; they pierced the Boats, and funk ment to blow them away in the same Manner at the them before the Rear of their Army got over; by which Guns, which was accordingly done, and which put an Means there was about 2,000 of them drowned and End to the Mutiny and Desertion. flicking in the Mud; but that was the befl Piece of

I prepared to take the Field as early as possible after Generalship Shujah Dowla shewed that Day, because, if the Rains, with the Army, and fixed the 13th of September I could have crofted the Rivulet with the Army, I

for the Rendezvous of the Troops from their different would either have taken or drowned his whole Army in Cantonments: — A Couple of Days before the Army the and come up with his Treasure and Jewels,

marched, I had Intelligence that the Enemy had advanced and CoJJim Ally Khan's Jewels, which I was informed several Parties of Horle, and had thrown up some Breast amounted to between two and three Millions.

The

12 Geo. in 26° Mail. 8 23

The Strength of cur Army at this ‘Battle, Were as other Terms I pleaised; he said, would Tndit

follows: give 25 Lack of Rupees, to defray the Expellees the

Europeans in Battalion, Rank and File, 746; of which Company had been at in the War. — 25 Lack, to the 450 were King’s Troops. — Artillery Men 71. — Euio- Army; and 8 Lack for myself. — This he told me in f>ean Cavalry, 40. — In all, Europeans, 857, exclusive of the Picfcr.ce of Captains and Gordon, who were

Officers.--$tprys. Rank and File, 5,297. — Black Ca- my Aid de Camps, and both now in England, Mr.

valry 91S: In all 7,072, — Train of Artillery, 20 Field Stnuart, my Secretary, and mv Interpreter. — My Answer

Pieces.---- European Officers killed 2, wounded 7. — was, If he gave me all the Lacks in his Treasury, I

j Europeans killed 34, wounded 49. — Non-Commission- would make no Peace with him, until he had delivered ed Officers, killed 3, wounded 6. — Europeans killed me up those murdering Rascals, for I never could think and wounded 101. — Sepoys killed 205, wounded 414, that my receiving 11 or 12 Lack of Rupees, was a milling 85. — Black Cavalry, killed 45, wounded 24. sufficient Atonement for the Blood of those unfortunate — Killed and wounded 847. — Artillery taken in the Gentlemen who were murdered at nor a fuf-

Field 133 Pieces of different Sizes, all upon Carriages, ficient Atonement to the weeping Parents, Friends, and most of them English Carriages. — The Enemy was and Relations df those unfortunate Gentlemen; these

reported to be 60,000; but I am lure, there were not were my very Words. — Upon this. Bene Bahadrt and leis than 40,060. — I am likewise sure, That there thud I parted. — He returned a second Time, with Assurances Jbave been 2,000 of them killed in the Field of Battle, from Shajah , That if I made Peace with him,

exclusive of those drowned. And as; I had not Sur- he would put me upon a Method of laying hold both geons lufScient to drels our own wounded* and give of Co(Jim and; and made use of all the per-

them any Assistance, I went every Day for Five Days fuafive Arguments he could, to induce trie to make

i'ucceflively, to every Man of their wounded in the Peace. — 1 still insisted Upon my first Preliminary: Bene T’icld, and gave Rice and Water to l'uch as would take Bahadre desired, if that was the Cafe, that I would it, and which was all the Assistance I could give them. — permit Captain Stables, who spoke the Country Lan-Tiie Army remained at Buxar for several Days, until guage, to return with him to the Nabob’s Camp; that

Jrlospitals were provided for the wounded, and to bury the Nabob wanted to speak with Captain told

the dead. — I then marched the Army into Shujah Dow- Captain That as I was fully determined never to

/a'sCountry, and lent an Express to Calcutta, for fur- depart from his giving up Ally Khan, and

tlier Directions from the Governor and Council. — The Sumro in particular, I did not with to advise him to iMoguLf Shah All ton) wrote me a Letter the Day after go, for that they might use him the same Way as the the Tattle, giving me Joy of the Victory over the Vizier, other unfortunate Gentlemen. — Captain Stab/es replied, who had kept him as a State Prisoner, and desiring I That he would with Pleasure risk his own Life; could w ould take him under my Protection; and acquaint- he be the Instrument of bringing those Two to be made trig nlc, Thai though he was with the Vizier in Camp, public Examples of — He accordingly went wirh Bene lie had left him the Night before the Battle. — My Ba to the Nabob’s Camp, and when he returned,

Answer to this Letter was, as nearly as I can remember, he told me, That since he found I was fully determined I bat I would immediately fend an Express to Mr. to have CoJJim and Sumro, that in regard to be

an/ittari, t he Governor of Calcutta, but that I would would not by an Manner of Means deliver him up, h°l take him under Protection until I knew how far but let him escape. — But as to Sumro, If I lent 2 or inch a Step might be proper, and for the Interest of 3 Gentlemen from the Camp who knew Sumro,

file Company. — He sent to me, and wrote to me re- he would a(k Sumro to an Entertainment; and in Pre-.pcatcdjy before 1 had an Answer from Calcutta, de- fence of those Gentlemen, he would order him to be iiring me t o come to him, for he had something very put to Death. — He offered Captain Stables a. Sum of particular to communicate to me: I at last: sent him Money, to endeavour to prevail upon me to agree to word, that I would wait upon him, provided he would his Terms; but as 1 never would, the next Thing to not look upon himself as under the English Protection; to be considered was, the Manner of driving Shujah Dowla which he consented. — When I waited upon him, he told intirely out of his Countiy, who was then at Lucknow Ine* That it' the Englishtook him under Protection, he with the Remains of his Army; and to consider of the would give them Shujah Dowla'% Country, that or any Manner of settling his Country. — I wrote to , to

f king eHc that they pleased to demand, and repeated the Governor and Council, sent them a Letter the King many Grievances and Hardships that Shujah Dowla wrote to me much about this Time; propoling, that he laid him under; and laid. He was only his State Pri- should have lb much of Shujah Country, and

loner. — I crontinued to march the Army On towards cede the rest to the Company; and request me, that Banaras; and the Mogul continued to march with his I- would make no Peace with Shujah — I sent

Guards, and encamped every Night pretty dole to our this Letter to Calcutta, desiring to know the Directions Encampment. Before the Army arrived at Banaras, I of the Governor and Council with regard to this Mat-had an AnsweT from the Governor and Council, who ter; and acquainting them likewise. That 1 was de-consented, tlisat the King should be taken under Pro- termined to leave the Army so as to return to tedbion. — f_Jpon the Army’s arriving at Banaras, Shujah to embark with the last Ship that should fail that Sea-Dozv/a lent me his Minister Bene Bahadre, with Over- son with His Majesty’s Troops. — The Governor and tures of Peace, which I refused, because I infilled upon Council sent a Copy of a Treaty to be executed by the it in the tirCfc instance, that he would deliver me up King, and Mr. Alar riot, Mr. Billers, who was Chief CoffinsAUy JZhaH and Sumro-, the former had ordered of Patna, and Mr. Baker, to be present at the executing so many off ihe Subjects of Great Britain to be mafi- of this Treaty. — The Treaty with the King was exe-sacred, the latter undertook to put the horrid cuted.

Grime in XZl>:ecution, when no Man in the Nabob’s As so much Time had been taken up by these Army would undertake it but himself. — Sumro was a TransaClions, and the Time drawing near for my

German, and a General Officer; and had been before a quitting the Command, Major Carnac was ordered by Serjeant in the French Service, deserted from them to the Governor and Council to repair immediately to us, and from us to CoJJim Ally Khan. — He commanded take the Command. — I left the Army the 6th of Ja-Shujah Ti>e>-z-vla’s Artillery at the Battle of Buxar, and 1765, and met Major upon his Way to

Yvr.tl 3 or -yc o French Deserters front our Army under his take the Command; I told him what my Plan of Ope-

Cotuvnaricd .--Bene Bahadre told me, Shujah Dozvla never rations would be, had I remained in the Command;

could think of giving up CoJJim Ally Khan ox Sumro, and which were as follows: As I hold it a Rule never Y>ut tf 1 F>affect from that Demand, I might have any to be departed from in that Country, not to come to a Vot. 3 A- general

824. 2 6° Maii. A. 1772,

'East India general Action with the Army, except where every might be easily prevented, as to the Smug-

Affairs. Thing is at Stake; I determined, as we were in Pof- gling.

fession of I believe the greated Part of Shujah DowlasWhat do you ap;>rehend would be the Means of Country, to have remained tome time longer in Camp, making the SVpw faithful and good Soldiers ? as his Army mud of course disperse when his Money One Method, is a drift Discipiine; — another, is hav-was out; and if 1 found that would take up too much ing them to act with the European'sanother, differing Time, I would march the Army towards Lucknar, and them their own Cudoms and Manners with regard to

if he catne to Action, to have then ritked a Battle Religion, when it ’does not interfere with their Duty, to with him, and taken Possession of Lucknar and Illahabad, be well paid and have good Cloithing, and increasing which was his whole Country, with what he had in Pof- the Number of European Officers, good Care when they leflion; I told this to Major Carnac, who said he would are Sick, and using them well in every Respect while follow the same Plan. they behave well.

The Company’s Governor and Council, and all the What is your Opinion of preserving our Conqueds in Servants at the Settlement of Calcutta or elsewhere, were India ?

under no Apprehensions from what Shujah Dowla or In the fird Place, always to keep a proper Force of

Cojfim Ally Khan, could do after the Battle of Buxar, as Europeans in that Country; never differing the Corn-will appear from several Letters wrote me from the pany’s Servants to make War against the Country Presidency, and by their Letters Home, after the Battle Powers, until it is evident that they are the fird Ag-of Buxar. — The Company’s Investments for Europe gressors; and making proper Laws in the Country, To were carried on that Year in the same Manner as usual ;as that the executive Power may be properly exe-they had no Enemy nearer the Settlement oft Calcutta cuted.

than 800 Miles, and that Enemy at the Head of the What Force of Europeans should be kept in that Remains of a conquered Army: That was the Situation Country, and Bengal particularly ?

I left the Country in; and before I embarked for Europe, I think never less than an Edablishment of 3,000

and before General Carnac joined the Army, Sir Robert Men, — and I fjiould rather think, if they could be spared Fletcher marched the Army, took Possession of Illakabad from this Country, they ought to be 4,000; not that and Lucknozv j and Shujah Dow/a's Army, as I under- .1 don’t think 3,000 Men are sufficient to defend that flood, totally dispersed. Country against all the Country Powers who may

If, at the Time you found the Army in that mutinous make War against the; but my Reason for fay-

Disposition, they were regularly paid ? ing, that another 1,000 besides the 3,000 might be

They were. necessary, would be to counterbalance the Black Troops

Whether you know of any Promile that had been who mud be necessarily employed in that Country, and made them of an Increase of Pay, or of any Promise of who are capable of being taught Discipiine almod equal a Present made from the Nabob ? to the Europeans.

I am sure there was no Promise of an Increase of Pay; What Number of Sepoys is a proper and safe Pro* nor do I know of any Promise of a Present; but I heard portion for 3,000 Europeans ? that Major Adams told them, they should have a Pre- About Four Parts in Five, or more, lent from the Nabob, if they drove the Troops out of What do you think might be the Supply of Recruits the Country. necessary to maintain an Edablishment of 3,000 Men

What do you apprehend was the Cause of that mu- in that Country ? tinousDisposition ? About 500 Men yearly in Time of Peace.

From the different Actions the Troops were in with What is your Opinion of the Expediency of employ* Cojfim Ally Khan, and their being able to drive him ing Foreigners in that Country, and particularly Germans from Pod to Pod, under that gallant Officer Major and Swifi ?

Adams \ they thought themselves intitled to Benefit by That any Foreigners whatsoever never ought to be that Success, and I suppose (owing to the 1'roops be- employed by the English in that Country. — I have al-ing in the Field) there mud have been a Relaxation ready given an Example, that when an Enemy was in of Discipiine. — These are the Motives that I suppose the Field they deserted to them; and that they are of induced them t® mutiny, and probably there might a quite different Religion, if they are of any at all. — I have been large Promises from the Enemy if they would therefore think they would upon every Occasion, dejoin them. fert from us to those of the same Religion as them-

Of what Nation were these Europeans that mutinied, selves; and it has always been found that they do lb. and deserted to the Enemy ? — Another Reason is, that as we have but jud the

Modly French — and I believe some Germans — don’t Number that is absolutely necessary in that Country, I _ know whether there were any English. don’t ^hink they can be depended upon in Time of

Whether those Europeans were mixed with the Eng- Action. tijli Companies, or whether they were in a Corps by Do you know whether there have been any Corps of themselves? or Protedants in under their own

They were mixed with the English Companies. — Did Officers ? 9

not get back any of those Deserters except One. I don’t know of any such Corps.

Where do the Indian Princes get their Artillery and What is your Opinion, if they had Corps of Swiss ? Gunpowder ? I am against Corps of Foreigners, of Swiss or Germans t

Their Artillery they get from England, Holland, and - — but as to having some mixed, I have no Objection to France. — For while I was in India, there was hardly a it; — it might do-very well.

Ship came there, that did not fell them Cannon and What is your Opinion of employing as private Men, small Arms. — The Gunpowder they make 'the most of the Catholics from Ireland ?

it themselves. — They cad some Cannon — but there is I think they might be very well and safely employed, no Black Prince that cad Cannon but the King of Tr- — I am always for having the greated Number of Troops 'jelcore. — Shot they cad in Abundance. from this Country.

What Number of Sepoys can be got in the East Whether European Cavalry would be necessary ?

Indies ? Certainly of very great Use.

I believe any Number you please. — The Cannon and What Number would you recommend out of these Military Stores are smuggled into the Country, and I 3,000 to be European Cavalry ? believe the Company have made some Examples. — I At lead One-third.

always thought it a very great Scandal, that such What Proportion of the Black Troops ought to be Things should be differed. — I think such a Practice Cavalry?

12 Geo. III. 26° i

If it was meant to have European Cavalry, I would have no Establishment of Black Cavalry at all, being of no Use in Time of Peace; and in Time of War only of Use to keep the Line quiet on the March.

Whether it has not been the Custom from Time immemorial, for Captains of Ships to fell Arms and

Military Stores to the Natives of ?

The Time I was in India, it was a Custom; and hare heard, it was always the Custom.

Whether the French, Dutch, and Danes, and all other Nations, do not likewise fell military Stores ?

Always heard that they did.

Whether you think there is a Possibility of preventing other Nations from doing it ?

No.

Whether it might not be a dangerous Experiment to train the Sepoys to as to make them equal to Europeans ?

It may be a dangerous one, but it will (till be a more dangerous one not to do it.

' Whether you know or have heard of any other great JDefertion, except what you have mentioned ?

Not from my own Experience, but have heard the Officers say. That Foreigners always would desert. — -About a Fifth or Sixth Part of the Private Men might be Foreigners, to be mixed with the other Troops.

Was you offered a Jaghire by the King ?

The King gave me a Jaghire — I was in Possession of it; of £. 12,500 a Year for Life upon some of the Provinces in Bengal, for my Services to him and the Country. — Upon my Receipt of it, I wrote "immediately to Mr. Spencer, who was Governor at Calcutta, acquainting him with the King’s having given me a Jaghire. — I received his Answer, after I had quitted the Command of the Army. — Mr. Spencer acquainted me. That my receiving such a Jaghire was so much contrary to the interest of the Company, that they never would suffer me to hold it; that I might remember the Company’s having gone to Law with Lord Clive about his Jaghire; and requested, that I would deliver it up to the Nabob when J lavy him, who would not only behave harid-fomely upon the Occasion, but that the Company would never fee me the Sufferer from such an Act, after the Services I had done them. — From that Moment, I re-lolved to deliver it up to the Nabob when I saw him. and upon my Arrival at Muxadavad, at his Palace, I waited on the Nabob, who was then ill; 1 told him. That I had got a Jaghire from the King, but as I was about to leave the Country, I would leave it with him. — This was in the Presence of Mr Resident

*t the Durbar, Captains Gordon and Stables: — The Nabob upon receiving the Jaghire, smiled, and said. This is a Piece of Generosity I am little accustomed to, but if I live, you shall not be the Sufferer; and desired his IVIinifter Nundcomar, to desire the Interpreter to acquaint me, that he begged my Acceptance of Two Lack of Rupees; which would be at Calcutta much about the Time that I arrived there. — A few Days after my Arrival at Calcutta, I received a Letter from the Nabob’s Son, acquainting me with his Father’s Death, requesting my Xnterest for him to succeed his Father as Subah, and acquainting me, That he knew the whole Transaction of the Jaghire, and the Promiles his Father made me, and alluring me. That he would make them good j s*.nd in this Situation I left my Jaghire and my Lacks. — I bad a Letter from Mr. Spencer since I carnet -to England, acquainting me. That he had acquainted my Lord of the Demands I had

-upon the dio-vernment j that his Lordship promised him, if there was so much remaining of the Nabob’s ©utstanding^ Debts, he would order the Payment of the Two Lack of Rupees to my Attorney. — I am very bappy from his Lordship’s eminent Services to this Country and the Company, that he has a more TefponhhVe Fund for the Payment of his Jaghire; at (ante Time, I cannot help regetting. That his "Lordship did not think my Two Years Rent deserved a "Vo* S3*

]4aii> 825

better Fund than the Nabob’s outftahding Debts. — Let my final! Services. be rewarded as they may; let In* *'

dividuals think of them as they please; I hope Fasts will come out before this Committee is at an End, to shew them and the World that this Country has been served; that this East India Company has been saved by more than One or Two Men, many brave and gallant Men have done Honour to their King, have done Service to this Country, and have laved the East India Company; and some of them have lost their Lives in the Cause. — I never have received any Part of the Two Lack, nor any Present from the East India Company.

Whether at the Time the Mogul granted the Jaghire, the Nabob paid any Revenues or Acknowlegements to the Mogul ?

He did not; nor did he pay any of the Royal Revenues from Bengal, which was stipulated to have been paid to the Mogul, either by the Nabob or the Company, I don’t know which.

Whether this is not the first Time that you have mentioned the Circumstance of Mr. Spencer's Letter ?

It is the first Time, and probably will be the last Time; and I should not have mentioned.it now if it had not happened to have come in as I thought properly, in Answer to a Question that was asked me; and because when Lord Clive was upon the Spot, from his not having ordered the Payment of it, I thought his Lordship did not think I deserved it, and I gave him no Trouble about it, and I knew it was not in my Laid

Clive's Power to do it when he came Home.

Whether you think it would have been proper for Lord Clive to have ordered the Nabob to pay that Money ?

Had I been in his Lordship’s Situation, and he in mine, I certainly would have ordered the Nabob to pay it.

Did you ever hear that Lord ordered the Nabob to pay such a Thing to any Man living ?

No.

Did you ever hear of any Money that was offered to Mr. Spencer, if he would continue Nundcomar about the Person of the Nabob ? 1

When I came down to Calcutta, Mr. Spencer told me, that he was offered several Lack of Rupees (about 9,

10, or 11 Lack, can’t say exactly) to Support AW-comar, which he refused.

Whether you know of any Order sent by the Directors Abroad, to put the 2 Lack promised you by the Nabob, in a Course of Payment ?

To the bell of my Remembrance, I never had any public Intimation from the Court of Directors, that they had sent Orders to that Purpose, but some of the Directors told me privately, that the Nabob was to be put under Stoppages of so much Yearly for the Payment of the Donation to the Navy, the Restitution, and the 2 Lack- which he promised to pay me, and that is all I know of the Matter.

Did you make any Application to the Mogul for your Jaghire ?

No — nor no Person for me.

Sir George Colebrooke (Chairman of the East India Company) informed the Committee, That Orders were sent out last March or April Twelve Months, to reduce the Income of the Nabob to 16 Lack of Rupees during his Minority, and to apply the Surplus of his Revenue to the Payment of the Restitution, and to Colonel

Monro'$ 2 Lack of Rupees.

4 Do you believe that Money will be paid ?

I have no Doubt about it.

[43d Paragraph General Letter to Bengal, 10 April 1771, read.]

Colonel Munro,

Had you an Offer of the Dewanny from the Company ?

Yes. — The King, when I first law him, offered me the Dewanny. — He told me he had offered it before. —

I believe he offered it to Sir Eyre Coote after the Mogul's

10 A Father’s

826 s6° Mail, ^A. 1772.

EtATtidift father’s Dtath. — He offered it before that to Major A*‘ri* Carnac, as I am informed; and Mr. before

1 joined the Army, allured me that he could have had the Dewanny, but did not know how far he could be jollified in such an Act, or how far it might tend to the Interestof the Company. — My Reasons for not accepting the Offer were, that I formed no Plans of any Kind, but that of extricating the Company from the Danger that threatened them.

The Governor and Council were, or ought to be, the Judges what was, or was not, for the Interest of the Company. — I was, or ought to be, the proper Judge what was for the Honour of His Majesty’s Troops to be concerned in; and as had been but just

placed upon the Mufnud, for the Second Time, and as the Company’s Affairs did not require deposing him, nor his own Conduct deserve it at that Time; I thought it would neither be for the Credit of their Troops, or the Honour of the Commanding Officer, to adopt such a Measure — So much was this my Opinion, so well did I know Mr. Vansittart's Sentiments upon that Subject, before I joined the Army, that I do not remember I ever said any thing to him about it. — These were my Reasons for not accepting the King’s Offer.

Whether the Mogul could have effectually granted the Dewanny to the Company without the Nabob’s Consent ?

I think the Mogul could and would have done any thing at that Time that I desired him, without the Consent of the Nabob, and the Company would have reaped any Benefit from that Grant of the King’s that they pleased, because ever since Ally Khan had been

drove out of the Country, the Company themselves have been the Nabob, there has been only a nominal Nabob.

After the Battle of Buxar, did you receive any Letter from the Governor and Council, acknowledging the Merit of your Services upon that Occasion I

I have received several. — I imagine that one I received immediately after the Battle is before the Committee.

Did you receive any Letter from the Court of Directors here ?

No, I did npt — but the Chairman and Deputy Chairman came tO'jmR at my Return, to make such Acknowledgement/.' 1

Did you make any Application to the Directors at your Return, upon the Subject of the Jaghire and z Lack?

Yes.

; What Answer had you ?

I had no public Answer.

[Letter from President, &c. of Fort , to

Major Munro 6 November 1764, read.]

Whether for giving up the Jaghire of 12,500. a Year, and for the Services performed to the Company, you have ever- received from the Company any Reward whatsoever ?

None of any Kind whatever.

Whether you did not understand from Mr.

(the President at Calcutta)that you should have Amends made you by the Company for giving up the Jaghire ?

I do confess that I did; and I also say, that could I have conceived that the Company would have served me so ungratefully in many respects, since my Arrival from India, I never would have given up my Jaghire.

Whether^ after the Battle of Buxar, you received any private Donations from any of the Eastern Princes ?

Upon the Army encamping at , the Officer

who commanded the Detachment in the Town, wrote she.a Card, acquainting me that a Rajah had something very particular to communicate to me, and if I granted his Request, he would give me Lack of Rupees, and a hartdfome Present to the Officer. — The Request he made me was to dispofiefs Rajah Bulwand , who was Zemindar, from the Collection of the Country. —

I told him I would dot; I was desired to make no Al--a

fetation of any Kind. — About the Time I was quitting the Army, Bulwand Sing hearing I had rejected this Offer, came to me, and told me that he was sensible of my Favours to him, and begged my Acceptance of 80,000 Rupees, which is £. jo, oco. — and except that,

from the Day I commanded the Army, which was near Five Years, further than the common customary Compliments, which are of small Amount, and which I made in my Turn to others; I solemnly declare, I never received a single Rupee by way of Present, either in Money or Jewels. — While I had the Command of that Army, I refused the Offers of above £. 300,000, at different Times, for making Alterations in the Offices of the Government. I recoiled that at my leaving the Country, the Nabob sent 3,000. for me, and £. 3,000. among the Officers of my Family, which are the usual Presents to the Commanding Officer.

How long was you in Bengal ?

From May 1764 to the End of February or Beginning of March 1765.

When did the Spirit of Mutiny first shew itself in the Army ?

Before I came to the Command.

Did you levy any Contributions at , or else-

where ?

I never did lay the Country under any Contributions of any Kind; the Merchants of Banaras gave Lack of Rupees to the Army for Protection to themselves and their Effects. — I immediately acquainted the Governor and Council with it, to have their Sanction for the Army to receive it — which is upon the Company’s Records; and they gave their Consent.

Was that the only Place where any l’uch Contribution was given ?

The only one in my Time.

What Proportion had you of the Lack, as Commander in Chief?

An Eighth Part.

Mr. Strachey,

Whether you ever heard Lord Clive (ay, That Mr, Spencer had applied to his Lordship to apply to tlje Nabob for Payment of the 2 Lack of Rupees, promised to Colonel Munro ?

Never did — and I think that had Mr. Spencer mentioned that Circumstance to Lord , it was most probable that his Lordship would have mentioned it to me, who was his Secretary, and constantly with him.

General Carnac,

The same Question ?

I never did; and I had not a Doubt till this Day, but that the Nabob had made Colonel Munro such an Acknowledgement as his Services deserved.

Colonel Munro,

Is not Banaras one of the richest Cities in India ?

Yes.

What is the Rate of Interest at Banaras

Can’t tell, but thinks it lower there than any where else.

How long was you in quelling the Mutiny, and restoring the Army to a proper Discipline ?

From the Beginning of June to Come Time in July, when I made the Example I have before mentioned.

The Papers read in the Course of the above Evi* dence are annexed in the Appendix, N° 14. 9

Your Committee, in reading over the Report, judged it necessary to read further Papers relating to Lord Clive's Jaghire and Presents, which, together with his Lordship’s Explanation of the latter, are added in the Appendix, N* 1$.

Appendix, N® i.

Lift erf Charters, or Letters Patents, granted to the East India Company; read.

43d Eliz, A Charter, or Letters Patent, of a Spe*

cial

12 Geo. III,

26° Mail

827

cial Incorporation of Merchants, by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trad* ing to the Eqfi Indies, with divers Privileges to them and their Successors, for 15 Tears from last,

7th James, 31st May, A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Incorporation, to the said Governor and Company, with divers Privileges to them and their Successors for ever.

8th James. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Privilege, that neither the said Governor and Company, nor their Goods and Merchandizes, shall be hereafter sued, vexed, seized, arrested, molested, or disquieted, in respect of their Trading: and divers other Privileges.

20th James. A Charter* or Letters Patent, of Privilege, for the said Governor and Company, to chastise and correct all English Persons residing in the Eqfi Indies,

and committing any Misdemeanor, either with Martial X-avv, or other wise.

a2d James. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of a Pardon to the said Governor and Company, for certain Offences, and a Grant unto them of such Sums of IVloney, and other Goods and Merchandises, as did belong to the King.

2d Car. I. A Charter, or Letters Patent, to the said Governor and Company, impowering them to erect ^Iills and Houses for making into Gunpowder all such Salt Petre as they shall import.

12th Car.II. nth January. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Licence;, for the said Governor and Company to enter upon, take, and possess, the Island of JRoone alias Pula Roone, and to regain the same from the Nether land East India Company, and to plant, huf-

band, manage, retain, and keep the fame.

13th Car. JI. A Charter, or Letters Patent, to the Governor and Company aforesaid,' of divers Privileges to them and their Successors.

z-oth Car. IL A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Dif-eharge to the said Governor and Company, for felling Two East Jndta Prices, and for the Monies r^ifed thereby.

2oth Car. IJ. . A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Grant *° feid Ciovernor and Company, of all that Island anc* f*°rt of JBombay, to them, and their Successors,

4rh Car.II. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Re-

lease to the said Governor and Company, of several Covenants Heretofore made between them and the Commissioners of the Navy, touching some Ships sent to the East Indies,

25th Car. II. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Confirmation, to the said Governor and Company, of Articles concerning the Sale of Four Hutch Prizes.

25 th Car. II. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Grant to the said Governor and Company, of all that the Island of Saint Helena* to them, and their Successors.

26th Car. JI. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of a Discharge to the said Governor and Company, for Monies made by the Sale of Four Dutch Prizes.

28th Car. II. 3th OHover. A Charter, or Letters Patent, to the said Governor and Company,.of Confirmation of their Privileges.

35th Car. II- xft August. A Charter, or Letters Patent, authorizing the Commissioners of the Admiralty, to grant and give out Commissions to such as the said Governor and Company should name and recommend, to aid and afiifc them against the King of Bantwn.

35th Car. II. 9th August. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Privileges, for the said Governor and Company, renderLng their Charter of 3d Aptil, 13th of his Reign, more effectual and complete.

35th Car. IX. 14th September. A Charter, or Letters Patent, Pf a. ’Warrant, to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, to the said Governor and Company

fiVgainst. tire Ring of Banlum.

James II. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Proclamation restraining all His Majesty’s- Spbjects, but Vov-

the said Governor and Company, and their Agents, from trading to the Eqfi Indies. Aww«,

2d James II. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Confirmation, to the said Governor and Company, of their former Charters and Privileges.

5th William III. 7th QElober. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Confirmation, to the said Governor and Company, of their Privileges.

5th William III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Discharge, to the said Governor and Company, for the 10th Part of Prizes taken by them, and due to His Majesty, &c.

5th William III, A Charter, or Letters Patent, pre-feribing Orders and Piredions, for the said Governor and Company.

6th William III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, preferring Orders and Directions, for the said Governor and Company.

10th William III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, declaring what Number of Votes each Member of the said Company shall have, which is according to his or her Proportion of Stock.

loth William III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Incorporation, impowering certain Persons to trade to the Eqfi Indies, by the Name of the General Society, entitled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament, for raising £. a,000,000. for the Service of the Crown.

10th William III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Incorporation of Merchants, by the Name of the Eng- lish Company, trading to the East

10th William III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, appointing Hugh Bojcawen, and others, to take Sub-feriptions for a General Society, to have Liberty and Power to trade to the East Indies.

10th William III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of a Schedule, marked A. containing the Draught of a Charter for the said General Society.

loth William III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of the Schedule, marked B. containing the Draught of a Charter for the aforesaid English Coqipaiiy.

ill Anne. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of an Indenture Tripartite, between the Queen on the first Part, the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the Eqfi Indies of the second Part, and the English Company trading to the East Indies of the third Part; thereby granting the said Two Companies Power to trade with a Joint Stock, and divers other Privileges.

4th Anne. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Release, to thie Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the Eqfi Indies, of all Offences and Crimes committed contrary to an Act of Parliament.

8th Anne. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Grant, to the English Company, trading to the East Indies, of all Debts and Sums of Money, due to the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading into tho Eqfi Indies.

8th Arne. A Charter, or Lettdrs Patent, of Accept* ance of a Surrender made by the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading into the Eqfi Indies, of their Charters, tic.

8th Anne. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Grant, to Sir Jonathan Andrews, and others, of ail Debts, IBt. due to the aforesaid Governor and Company, before the Surrender of their Charters: A Schedule of which Debts is mentioned in an Indenture, dated 2 iff March last, between the said Governor and Company, and her Majesty.

13th George I. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Grant, to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Eqfi Indies, of Incorporation of Mayor and Aldermen at Madrafat Bombay, and at Calcutta, with divers Privileges to them, and theif Successors.

iff George II. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of

Grant

Bast India Affair*.

8a8 a60 Maii 772.

Grant to the said United Comparty, of all Fines set upon any Persons by virtue of the last recited Charter, or Letters Patent.

2d George II. A Charter, or Letters Patent, impowering the Commissioners of the Admiralty, at the Request of the said United Company, to give ample Powers to the Commanders of Ships belonging to the said Company, to take, seize, and destroy, any Foreign Ships trading from the Avfirian Netherlands to the East Judies, for 6 Years, from the 20th of last.'

26th George II. A Charter, or. Letters Patent, of Grant to the said United Company of Incorporation of Mayor and Aldermen at Madrajspatnam, at Bombay, and at Calcutta, with divers Privileges to them and their Successors.

31 ft George II. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Grant to the said United Company, of Plunder and Booty.

3 ift George II. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Grant to the said United Company, of Plunder and Booty.

ift George III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Commission to the said United Company, for the Trying of Pirates at Fort Saint George.

ift George III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, to the said United Company, of a Commission for the Trying of Pirates at Fort Marlborough.

ift George III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Commission to the said United Company, for Trying of Pirates at Bombay.

ift George III. A Charter, or Letters Patent, of Commission to the said United Company, for Trying of Pirates at Fort Wdliam.

Lift of Acts read.

9th and 10th Wm.III. An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding Two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies.

ift Anne. Cap. ia. Sec. 113. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax.

6th Anne. Cap. 3. An Act for better securing the Duties of East India Goods.

6th Anne. Cap. 17. An Act for alluring to the lish Company, trading to the East Indies, on Account of the United Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned; and for railing thereby the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions.

jth Geo. ift. Cap. 21. An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects, to and from the East Indies ;and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions.

7th Geo. ift. Cap. 5. S. 32 and 33. An Act to enable the South Sea Company, to ingraft Part of their Capital Stock and Fund into the Stock and Fund of the Bank of England, and another Part thereof into the Stock and Fund of the East India Company; and for giving further Time for Payments to be made by the said South Sea Company, to the Use of the Public.

7th Geo. ift. Cap. 21. An Act for the further preventing his Majesty’s Subjects from trading to the East Indies under Foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto, and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle oj Thanet.

9th Geo. ift. Cap. 26. An Act to prevent his Majesty’s Subjects from lubforibing, or being concerned in encouraging or promoting, any Subscription for an East India Company in the Austrian Netherlands; and for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to and from the East Indies.

3d Geo. 2d. Cap. 14. An Act for reducing the Annuity or Fund of the United East India Company,

and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the East Indies', and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

3d Geo. 2d. Cap. 20. An Act for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds that may happen thereby, and for charging the Reduced Annuity payable to the East India Company on the Aggregate Fund, and for Relief of Matthew Lyon, Executor of Matthew deceased, in respect

of the Duty for Salt loft by the overflowing of the River Mersey, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four.

17th Geo. 2d. Cap. 17. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arisen or to arise by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for explaining and amending the said Act, in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies.

27th Geo. 2d. Cap. 9. An Act for punishiDg Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -, and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the Island of Saint Helena.

ift Geo. 3d. Cap. 14. An Act to extend the Provisions relating to the holding of Courts Martial, and to the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, contained in the Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for' the Punishment of Offences committed in the East , or at the Island of Saint Helena, to the said Company’s Settlement of Fort Marlborough; and to such other principal Settlements, wherein the said Company may be hereafter impowered to hold Courts of Judicature.

7th Geo. 3d. Cap. 56. An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Britain',

and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the British Dominions in for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America-, and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain.

7th Geo. 3d. Cap. 57. An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions, and Revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies.

9th Geo. 3d. Cap. 24. An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by-the East India Company, for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions, -and Revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies.

10th Geo.3d. Cap. 47. An Act for better regulating

Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Military Officers Covenant, from July'ijfo, to the present Time.

Military, 1770.

This Indenture made the Day of

in the Year of the Reign of our Sove-

reign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, Fratice, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand

12 Geo. III. 26° Maii, 829

then fund Seven hundred and between

ot London, f squire, of the one Part, and the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Judies, of the other Part: Whereas the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the said United Company have granted a Commission to the said A. B. appointing him Captain of Foot in their Military Forces in the East dies; Now this Indenture witnesseth, and the said A. B. in compliance with a Resolution of a General Court of the said United Company, and in Confederation of what he is, or shall be, entitled to receive from the said Company, in rel'pedt of his said Service, or in respect of any other Military Station or Employment, or which the said A. B. may hereafter be employed by the said United Company, or their Court of Directors, Doth hereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Admi-xiistrators, covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said United Company, that he the said A. B. shall not, nor will at any Time or Times hereafter, during his being employed in the said Company’s Service, in any Station or Capacity whatsoever, either by himself or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trust for Jhim or for his Ule, directly or indirectly, accept, take, or receive, or agree to accept, take, or receive, any Gift or Grant of Lands, or Rents for Revenues issuing out of Lands, or any Territorial Possession, Jurisdiction, Dominion, Power, or Authority whatsoever, from any of the Indian Princes, Sovereigns, Subahs, or Nabobs, or any of their Ministers, Servants, or Agents, for any Service or Services, or upon any Account or Pretence xkT.atfoevcrr, without the Licenceor Consent of the Court of Directors for the Time being of the said United Company, signified under their Hands; nor shall, or will, at any Time or Times hereafter, during his being employed in the said United Company’s Service, in any Station or Capacity whatsoever, either by himself or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trust for him, or for his Use, directly or indirectly, accept, take, or receive, or agree to accept, take, or receive, any Gift, Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, Donation, or Compen-fat ion, in Money, Effects, Jewels, or otherwise howsoever, from any of the Indian Princes, Sovereigns, Subahs, or Nabobs, or any of their Ministers, Servants, or Agents, exceeding the Value of Four thousand Rupees, for any Service or Sendees performed, or to be performed, b>y the said A. B. in ot upon any other Account or Pretence whatsoever, without the like Licence or Cconfent of the said Court of Directors of the said Unite<J Company, signified as aforesaid; nor any such Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, Donation, or Compensation, exceeding the Value of One thousand Rupees, and under the Value of Four thousand Rupees, without the Licence or Consent of the President and Council for the Time being of the Presidency or Settlement where the said si. B. shall be employed; and that he the said A. B. shall and will convey, assign, and make over, to the fadd United Company, for their foie and proper Use and Benefit, all and every such Gifts or Grants of Lands, or Rents or Revenues issuing out of Lands, or any such Territorial Possession, Jurisdiction. Dominion, Power, or Authority whatsoever; and also account f~or, and pay to the said United Company, for their foie and proper Use and Benefit, all and every such Gifts, ICe wards, Gratuities, Allowances, Donations, or CompenLitIons whatsoever, which, contrary to the true Intent cx vied Meaning of these Presents, shall come to the Hanc3s^ Possession, or Power of the said clr any other I^criun or Persons in Trust for him, or for his Ufo as Loresaid: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall hinder or prevent, or be deemed, taken, or cc»n fkrued to hinder or prevent, the said A. B. from accept! ng or receiving a Share or Proportion, in respect oi Vo's ^Military Poll or Station, of any Gift, Gratuity, OT nation, in Money, or Effects, which any

Indian Vttrtcc, Sovereign, Subali, or Nabob, shall or -may in TVrri-.e of extreme Danger, Necessity, or Emer-"V o S3*

gency, give or bestow on any of the Military Officers East India ot Forces of the said United Company, provided such Affairs. Gift, Gratuity, or Donation, be with the Privity and Consent of the Governor and Council of the Presidency or Settlement where the said A. B. shall be employed; and not otherwise; and provided also that the same be not obtained or exacted by Compulsion, or by way of Bargain or Contract for any Service or Services performed or to be performed: Provided also, iThat no Governor or President of any of the said United Company’s Settlements in India, shall, by virtue of his Commisslon from the said United Company, be authorized or entitled to accept or receive any Part, Share, or Proportion, of any such Gift, Gratuity, or Donation, as is mentioned in the Proviso hereinbefore contained. And this Indenture further witnesseth, and the said A. B. doth hereby covenant, consent, and agree, to and with the said United Company, that in case the said A. B. shall be difinifled the said United Company’s Military Service, by Sentence of Court Martial, or by a Resolution or Order of the Company’s President and Council of such Settlement, where the said A. B. shall serve or be, or if the* laid A. B. shall otherwise legally quit the said Company’s Military Service, that then, and in any or either of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful to and for the said United Company’s said President and Coun- > cil, at any Time after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months, next following such Dismission from, or quitting the said Company’s Military Service as aforesaid, to carry and transport the said A. B. at the Expence of the said Company, to Great Britain, in such Ship employed in the said Company’s Service, as the said President and Council shall for that Purposo appoints And in case the said A. B. shall neglect or refuse to repair or go on board such Ship as aforesaid, by the Space of Ten Days after Notice shall be given him so to do, by Order of the said President and Council; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said President and Council, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to cause the said A. B. to be apprehended and detained, and to put him on board such Ship as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being carried and transported to Great Britain, so nevertheless, that no unnecessary Delay be fought, nor any fit Occasion or Op-; portunity loft, info detaining or putting on board the said A. B. And further, in case of such apprehending, putting onboard, and transporting, the said A.B. in Manner aforesaid, the said A. B. doth hereby covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said United Company, that he the said A. B. his Executors or Administrators, shall not nor will commence, sue, or prosecute, the said United Company, or their Court of Directors, or any of their Presidents and Councils, Commanders, or Officers of any such Ships, or any other Person employed in any of the Matters aforesaid, in or by any Action, Suit, or other Prosecution, civil or criminal, in respect of such apprehending him the said A. B. or of putting him on board and transporting him the said A. B, to Great Britain, in Manner aforesaid:

And in case any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be commenced, lued, or prosecuted, for any of the Matters aforesaid, the said A. B. doth hereby covenant and agree, to and with the said Company, that the General Issue may be pleaded, and this present Indenture; or any other special Matter, may be given in Evidence, by any of the Defendants, in any such Suitt Action, or Prosecution, in Bar, Discharge, and Defence thereof, any thing in these Presents contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. In Witness whereof, to one Part of this Indenture, the said A. B. hath put his Hand and Seal; and to the other Part thereof the said United Company have caused their Common Seal to be affixed, the Day and Year abovewritten.

A. (t. s.)

Sealed and delivered (being first duly stamped) in the Presence of

10 B Memorandum:

830

Eaff India Memorandum:Military Officers do not give Afiiri. Security for Performance of the above Co-

venant.

I acknowledge to have read the within Covenant, before I executed the fame.

Witness, A.

Military Officers Covenant, from May 1764 to July 1770.

This Indenture made the Day of

In the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

Lord by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Between A. B. of London,

Esquire, of the one Part, and the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, of the other Part: Whereas the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the said United Company have granted a Commission to the said B. appointing him Captain of Foot in their Military Forces in the Indies: Now this Indenture witnesseth, and the said in compli-

ance with a Resolution of a General Court of the said United Company, and for and in Consideration of what he is, or shall be, entitled to receive from the said Company, in respect of his said Service, or in respect of any other Military Station or Employment in which the said A. B. may hereafter be employed by the said United Company, or their Court of Directors, Doth hereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Admi-tiistrators, covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said United Company, that he the said A. B. shall hot, nor will at any Time or Times hereafter, during his being employed in the said Company’s. Service, in any Station or Capacity whatsoever, either by himself or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trust for him or for his Use, directly or indirectly, accept, take, or receive, or aj^rec to accept, take, or receive, any Gift or Grant of Lands, or Rents or Revenues issuing out of Lands, or any Territorial Possession, Jurisdiction, Dominion, Power, or Authority 'whatsoever, from any of the Indian Princes, Sovereigns, Subahs, or Nabobs, or any of their Ministers, Servants, or Agents, for any Service or Services, or upon any . Account or Pretence whatsoever, without the Licence or Consent of the Court of Directors for the Time being of the said United Company, signified under their Hands; nor shall or will, at any Time or Times hereafter, during his hieing employed in the said United Company’s Service, in any Station or Capacity whatsoever, either by himself or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trust for him or for his'Ule; directly or indirectly, accept, take, or receive, or agree to accept, take, or receive, any Gift, Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, Donation, or Com pen fat ion, in Money, Effects, Jewels, or otherwise howsoever, from any of the Indian Princes, Sovereigns, Subahs, or Nabobs, or any of their Ministers, Servants, or Agents, exceeding the Value of Four thousand Rupees for any Service or Services performed or to be performed by the said A. B. in India, or upon any' other Account or Pretence whatsoever, without the like Licence or Consent of the said Court of Directors of the said United Company', signified as aforesaid; nor any such Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, Donation, or Compensation, exceeding the Value of One thousand Rupees, and under the Value of Four thousand Rupees, without the Licence or Consent of the President and Council for the Time being of the Presidency or Settlement where the said B. shall be employed; and that he the said A. B. shall and will convey, assign, and makeover, to the said United Company', for their foie and proper Use and Benefit, all and every such Gifts or Grants of Lands, or Rents or Revenues ilfuing out of Lands, or any such Territorial Poffdlion, Jurisdiction, Dominion, Power, or Autho-

A. 1772.

rity whatsoever; and also account for and pay to the said United Company, for their foie and proper Use and Benefit, all and every such Gifts, Rewards, Gratuities, Allowances, Donations, or Compensations whatsoever, which, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of these Presents, shall come to the Hands, Possession, or Power, of the said A. B. or any other Person or Persons tn Trust for him, or for his Use as aforesaid: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall hinder or prevent, or be deemed, taken, or construed, to hinder or prevent, the said A. B. from accepting or receiving a Share or Proportion, in respect of his Military Poll or Station, of any Gift, Gratuity, or Donation, in Money, or Effects, which any Indian Prince, Sovereign; Subah, or Nabob, shall or may in Time of extreme Danger, Necessity, or Emergency', give or bestow on any of the Military Officers or Forces of the said United Company, provided such Gift, Gratuity, or Donation, be with the Privity and Consent of the Governor and Council of the Presidency or Settlement where the said A. B. shall be employed, and not otherwise; and provided also, that the same be not obtained or exacted by Compulsion, or by way of Bargain or Contract for arty Service or Services performed or to be performed: Provided also, That no Governor or President of any of the said United Company’s Settlements in India, shall, by virtue of his Commission from the said United Company, be authorized or entitled to accept or receive any Part, Share, or Proportion, of any such Gift, Gratuity, or Donation, as is mentioned in the Proviso hereinbefore contained. In Witness whereof, to one Part of this Indenture the said A.B. hath put his Hand and Seal, and to the other Part thereof the said United Company have cauled their Common Seal to be affixed, the Day and Year abovewritten.

(t. s.J

Sealed and delivered (being frrft duly damped) in the Presence of

Memorandum: Military Officers did not give Security for tire Performance of the above Covenant.

I acknowledge to have read the within Covenant, before I executed the lame.

Witness, B.

Military, 1767.

Writers 2d Covenant, from May 1764 to the present Time.

Civil, N° 1000. 1770.

This Indenture made the Day of

in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

Lord by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, between A. B. of London, Writer, of the one Part, and' the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, of the other Part: Whereas the said A, B is now employed in the* Service of the said United Company as one of their Writers and Covenant Servants, at their chief Settlement of Fort William vc’^ Bengal, in the East Indies: Now this Indenture, nefieth, and the said A- B.in compliance with a folufion of a General Court of the said United Co^1’ pany, and for and in Consideration of what he is, shall be, entitled to receive from the said Compa/iJ', in respect of his said Service, or in respect of any other Station, Capacity, or Employment, in which the said A. B. may hereafter be retained or employed by the said United Company, or their Court of Directory, Doth hereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and ministrators, covenant, promise, and agree, to and wvt\> the said United Company, that he the said not, nor will at any Time or Times hereafter, his being employed in the said Company’s Service,

in

26° Mali.

‘ ~\ \

EO. III.

26° M.

83:i

-r i\y S:at:on or Cnpacity whatsoever, either by himself C: by fi)V other Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trull:

I *ni, or for his Use, directly or indirectly, accept, take, or receive, or agree to accept, take, or receive, any Gift o»- Grant of Lands, or Rents or Revenues issuing out of Lands, or any Territorial Possession, Jurisdiction, Dominion, Power, or Authority whatsoever, from any of rl:e Indian Princes, Sovereigns, Subahs,. or Nabobs, or any of their Ministers, Servants, or Agents, for any Service or Services, or upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, without the Licence or Consent of the Court of Directors for the Time being, of the said United Company, signitied under their Hands; nor shall or will, at any Time or Times hereafter, during jus being; e mployed in the said United Company’s Service, in any Station or Capacity whatsoever, either by himself or any other Person or Persons whomsoever in Trust for him, or for his Use, directly or indirect jy, accept take, or receive, or agree to accept, take, or receive, any Gift, Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, Donation, or Compensation, in Money, Effects. Jewels, or otherwise howsoever, from any of the Indian Princes, Sovereigns, Subahs, or Nabobs, or any of their Ivlin liters. Servants, or Agents, exceeding the Value of Foci r thousand Rupees, for any Service or Ser-

Entreaty of the said A. B. and upon the Cendit^or^s Ind and Agreements herein after contained, on the Part A Fairs of the said A. B. to be performed) received arid entertained him the said A. B. into their Service, as their Writer and Covenant Servant at their chief Settlement of Fort William, in Bengal, in the East Indies, to ferye them for the Term of Five Years, and to be emplpyeU in all or any of the Traffic or Merchandizes, Bufir nesses, and Affairs, in any Place or Places whatsoever, between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Straits of Magellan, as the said Company, ortheifCoart of Dir redtors for the Time being, or any Thirteen or more of them, or any by them authorized, shall appoint, at and for the Wages or Sum of Five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, by the Year, to commence from the Time of his Arrival at Fort William. a,foresaid. Now this Indenture wifneffeth, That the said. Ay B. for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, Doth hereby covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Rail Indies, and their Successors, in Manner and Form following; (that is to say) That he the said A. B. from the Time of his Arrival at Fort William aforesaid, for and during, and unto the full End and Expiration of Five Years, shall and will faithfully, honestly, dili-

Vices performed, or to be performed, by the said A. B. gently, and carefully, serve the said Company at such.

in India, or upon any other Account or Pretence what Foever, without the like Licence or Consent of the said Court of Directors of the said United Company, signified as aforesaid; nor any such Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, ' -Donation, or Compensation, exceeding the Value of One thousand Rupees, and under the Value of Four t h on/and Rupees, without the Licence or Con-

Place and Places, and in all and every such Affairs and Business whatsoever of the said Company, as the said A. B. shall be employed in: And shall also, from Time to Time and at all Times, obferye, keep, and fulfil-, all and every the Orders of the said Company, and of the said Court of Directors, made and to be made for the Government of their Factories and- Settlements,

lent of the Presidentand Council for the Time being. Officers, Agents, or Servants Abroad: And shall and.

will also observe, keep, and fulfil, all such Orders, In-flructions, and Directions, which he shall herewith or hereafter receive under the Seal of the said Company, or from the said Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or any Thirteen or more of them.

of the Pjelidcncy or Settlement where the said A. shall be employed; and that he the said A. B. shall and w ill convey, assign, and make over, to the said United Company, for their foie and proper Use and Benefit, all and every such Gifts or Grants of Lands, or Kents or Revenues issuing out of Lands, or any such or from their President and Council, at the respective Territorial Possession, Jurisdiction, Dominion, Power, or Settlement where the said A. B. shall reside or be em»-Authority whatsoever; and also account for and pay ployed, or from any Persons authorized: thereunto by to the said United Company, for their foie and proper such Directors; and shall and will, to the utmost of Use and Benefit, all and every such Gifts, Rewards, his Power and Skill, refill and withstand all and every Grat uiries, -A-llo wances, Donations, or Compensations, such Person or Persons, as shall break, or endeavour tq whatsoever, which, contary to the true intent and break, the said Orders, Instructions, or Dire<5lions, or Cleaning of tlicfc Presents, shall come to the Hands,

Possession, or Power, of the said A. B. or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, or for his Use as aforesaid. In Witness whereof, to one Part of these Indentures the said A. B. hath let his Hand and Seal,

any of- them: And the said A. B. doth hereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, that he will not do, attempt, or pfaftile, nor shall

and to the other Part thereof the hid United Company wittingly or willingly permit or suffer any other Perton

have cnuled t heir Common Seal to be put, the Day and Year tibove written.

A. B. (s.)

delivered (being Damped) in the of

acknowledge to have read the within Covenant, before I executed the fame.

Sealed and first duly T* re fence 1

Witness,

or Persons whatsoever, to do, attempt, or practile, any Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the Hindrance, Hurt, Prejudice, Damage, or Defrauding, of the said Company or their Successors, or ofx their Servants, or any of them, or of the said Company’s Goods, Merchandizes, Trade, or Traffic, or any of them, or any Part thereof; but shall, as much as in him lieth, prevent and defeat the fame. And the said A. B. Doth hereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and with the fiicj. United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, that he the said A. shall and will, from Time to Time and at all Times from henceforth,

Writers Covenant from July 1770, to the present

Time.

Factors, 1770.

Th is Ind ture made the Day of give Notice and Intelligence, with all convenient Speed,

in the Year of our Lord One thousand unto the said Court of Directors for the Time being, of Seven hundred and and in the all and every the Deceits, Wrongs Abuses, Breach of

Year of the X^eign of our Sovereign Lord Orders, Inconveniences, and Hindrances, which he the

by the Gra.cr« of God, of Great Britain, France, and said A. B. shall know, understand, hear, or suspect to

Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, be done, pra<5lifed, offered, or intended against the said

Between tlici United Company ot Merchants of England, Company, or their Successors, or their Goods or Trade, trading to t: 11 e Ecjl Indies, of the one Part, and A. B. or any of them, or against any Person or Persons by of London^ "Writer, of the other Parr. Whereas the said United Company of Merchants of Engh'.nd, trading to the Enjr Undies, have (upon the special Request and Vo L* 33 _

O J J

them, or by the said Court of Directors, employed, or in their Service, in any Place or Places, together with the Names of those Persons by whom the same shall be

‘ so

2 6° Maii. . 1773.

East India f° offered, ptactifed, or intended. And the said A. B.

Afairt, doth hettby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant, promise, and agree, to and With the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, that he will not engage or employ the Stock of the said Company, or any fart thereof, or make use of the Credit of the said Company, in any other Kind, Way, or Manner, how-fbever, than for the Affairs of the said Company, and as by the major Part of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, under their Hands, or under the Common Seal of the said Company, or by their said President and Council, shall be ordered and directed. And that he the said A. B. shall and will, at all Times, keep and conceal the said Company’s Secrets, and every Matter and Thing committed to him as such by the said Court of Directors, or their Agents, Factors, Officers, and Servants, or any of them. And also, That he the said B. shall and will, from Time

# to Time and at all Times from henceforth, during his said Employment, keep, or cause to be kept, a true and particular Journal or Day Book, of all Passages and Proceedings relating to the Affairs of the said Company, and also Books of Accounts; in which Journal, Day Book, and Books of Accounts, he shall daily, duly, truly, and fully, enter, or cause to be entered, the Accounts of all and every particular Buying, Selling, Receipts, Payments, Barterings, and all other Transactions and Occurrences relating to his

*Trust, during the Time he (half continue in the said United Company’s Service and Employment. And the said A. B. doth hereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said United Company, that he will not place, or consent to the placing, to the said Company’s Account, norotberwife charge the said Company with any more or greater Sums than he shall really, and in good Faith, pay for all or any Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects, which he shall buy, or cause, procure, or consent to be bought; for, or on Account of, the said Company. And that he the said A. B. shall and will bring to the Account of the said Company, in the Books of the said Company, the full Rates and Prices for which he shall fell, or cause to be sold, any of the said Company’s Goods, Merchandizes or Effects: And further that he the said A. B. will not directly or indirectly, take, accept, or receive, or agree to take, accept, or receive, any Gift, Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, Compensation, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, from any Person or Persons, of whom he the said A. B. shall, by himself, or any Agent for him, buy or barter any Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, of Elfefts, for, or upon Account of, the said Company. And further, that he will not take, accept, or receive, or agree to take, accept, or receive, any Gift, Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, Compensation, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, from any Person or Persons to whom the said A. B. shall, by himself, or any Agent for him, fell or barter any Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, or Effects, of or belonging to, or for, or upon Account of, the said Company: And moreover, That he the said A. B. his Executors or Administrators, shall produce and deliver the said Books, together with all Waste Books, Pocket Books, Diaries, Memorials, and other Writings and Papers whatsoever, wherein he the said A. B. shall make, or cause to be made, any Entries, or let down any Matter or Thing touching or concerning the said Company’s Affairs, or any of them, or any way relating the reunto (although the same may or shall be intermixed with lus own, or others. Concerns) unto the said Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as shall, by Letter or Order, under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the said Court of Directors, or under the Seal of the said Company, be authorized and appointed to demand and receive the same; and shall and yill, if required, make Oath to the Truth of such ~r~

Books, Diaries, Memorials, Writings, and Papers, and that the same contain the whole of his Transactionr, and that they have not been defaced, obliterated, or altered. And further. That he the find A: B. shall and will, well and truly deliver and pay unto the said United Company, or their Successors, all and every such Monies, Goods, Merchandizes, and Things whatsoever, as by the Foot of his Account, or otherwise, shall be duefromhim, or remain in his Hands and Possession, and for which he ought to be chargeable or answerable in any Manner or Wile. And also. That he the said A. B. shall and will (before he shall leave the said Company’s Factories or Settlements) pay and <3i(charge all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as he shall jufiiy owe, or be indebted to any of the Black Merchants or Natives of the Country, where he the said A. B. lEall be, together with such other Sums as he shall owe Abroad to any other Merchants or Persons not being Subjects of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, or his Successors: And that he the said A. B. shall and will, from Time to Time, when and as often as he shall be thereunto required by the said Company, or their Successors, or by the President, Agent, or Chief, and Council, of the Place where the said A. B. shall be, remove to any such other Factories, as such President, Agent, or Chief, and Council, shall so direct and require. And also. That he the said A. B. shall, at all Times, during the Time of his Service aforesaid, faithfully and diligently demean himself as a good, honest, and faithful Servant towards the said Company, and their Successors, and those by them authorized. And upon Condition, that the said A. B. shall in all Things perform his Covenants and Agreements with the said Company herein contained, and to encourage him so to do. It is further covenanted and agreed by and between the said Parties to these Presents, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said A. B. and the Lid Company doth accordingly license the said A. B. during the said Five Years, commencing as aforesaid, freely to Trade and Traffic for his own Account only, from Port to Port in India, or elsewhere within the Limits aforesaid, but not to or from any Place without the fame, without any Lett, Hindrance, or Interruption, from them the said Company, their Successors, or Assigns, so as the said Trade and Traffic so to be carried on and driven in India, or elsewhere within the Limits aforesaid, or any Part thereof, be subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Limitations, as the said Company, or the Court of Directors for the Time being of the'laid Company, have already directed, or shall from Time to Time hereafter direct and appoint, and be not to the Hurt or Prejudice of the said Company and their Successors, or of their Trade or Commerce, and so as whatever is so traded for by the said B. by virtue of this Agreement, be particularly entered in Books of the said Company, to be kept for that Purpose, in all the Factories of the said Company respectively in the East Indies, cr elsewhere within the Limits aforesaid, where such Trade shall be driven: But in case the said A. B. shall waste or make use of the said Company’s Treasure, or shall become indebted to the said Company, then, and in such Case, It is hereby further covenanted and agreed, by and between the said Parties to these Presents, That he the said A. B. shall nor be entitled to any of the Payments, Advantages, and Benefits, hereby otherwise intended him; but contrary wife, for, and towards Satisfaction for what shall be due from him to the said Company, and for and towards Reparation of the Damages done to the said Company, it shall and may be lawful, to and for any Person or Persons thereunto authorized and appointed, by Writing under the Hands of Thirteen, or more, of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or under the Seal of the said Company, and to and for any President, Agent, or Chief, and Council, of any Place or Factory of or belonging to the said Company, to seize, or cause the Goods and Chattels of him, the said A. B. to be seized

and

12 Geo. III. 26° Mail, 833

and detained, until Satisfaction is made.- And forasmuch as Complaints have been made to the said United Company, that several of the said Company’s Presidents, and Chiefs of their Factories, and several of such Persons as are of their Councils in their Factories Abroad, or some of them, as also their Factors, Agents, and Servants, have committed very heinous and grievous Offences in such Factories of the said Company, and elsewhere in the , and other

Places within the said Company’s Limits of Trade, by unjustly menacing, imprisoning, assaulting, abusing, and evil-treating, the Natives and Black Merchants, and others, with whom the said Company have had Dealings or Correspondence, and by such Means, and other Violences, Abuses, and Injuries, have extorted and forced great Sums of Money, and other valuable Effects, from such injured Persons, who, by reason of the great Distance from this Kingdom, and the whole-iomc Laws thereof, and by reason that the said Company have not been enabled to obtain and render Satisfaction for such Injuries and Misdemeanors, are, and have been remedilels: Now it is hereby agreed, by and between the said Parties to these Presents, and the said A. B. doth hereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company, that in case any Sum or Sums of Money, Goods, or Chattels whatsoever, fly ally at any Time or Times hereafter, be extorted, forced, or taken, by him the said A. B. (either separately or jointly with others) from any Person or Persons whatsoever, within the said Company’s Limits of Trade, ioy the Means or LTe of Imprisonments, Assaults, Violences, Menaces, or other Force or Compulsion Whatsoever, then, and as often as any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person or Persons injured thereby, to make and fend over Complaints and Attestations thereof in Writing to the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, and that upon the Receipt of such Complaints and Attestations, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, to enquire into the '.Truth of the said Complaints, by all such Ways and IVleans as they shall think just and equitable, tind thereupon to hear the Matter of the said Complaint or Complaints, and thereupon finally to judge and determine t. lie fame, and to award Satisfaction and Reparation to be made by the said B. to the said ’Company, for the Benefit of such injured Persons. And the said A. B. doth hereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and witii the said United Company, well and truly to pay to the said Company, at such Time or Times as shall be limited by the said Court of Directors (or the -major Part of them) for that Purpose, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so awarded by the said Court of Directors for the Time being, or the major Dart of them then assembled, to be paid as afore la id; Hut in Trust nevertheless, and to the Intent, that the said Company may and do render, and pay over, the Monies received or recovered by them, to the Parties iraj cired or defrauded, which the said Company accord i ra gly hereby agree and covenant to do: And the fu.ic.1 A. B. doth furthermore for himself, his Heirs, l'-xecutors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to jaiacfl with the said United Company, do pay and satisfy to the said Company, for their own Ule and Benefit, all such Damages as they shall have lull Twined L»y Ucalon or Means of any such Offence or Offences a.-> n Tore laid. And for asmuch as it frequently happens, 'V'laiat the Prelklent and Council, Agent and Council, CM \icf and Council, and several other subordi-nate Officers of several of the said Company’s Factories Abrocicl, have, by mutual Influences on each other, settled, stated, and adjusted, amongst themselves, their -Accounts with the said Company, in order,

Vot.33-

as far as they could, to bar and preclude the said Company from reviewing, altering, amending, correcting* or contesting, the fame: Now it is hereby further declared, That all and every such Account and Accounts* so at any Time stated, balanced, signed* or adjusted, by, between, oramongst, such Presidents and Councils* or Agents and Councils, or Chiefs and Councils, or other subordinate Officers, or any of them, and the said A. B. are hereby agreed to be, and shall at all Times hereafter be taken and esteemed to be open Accounts, formed and prepared only for the Inspection* Perusal, and Approbation or Correction, of the said Company, and shall not in any Sort or Kind, or in any Article thereof, bind, or conclude the said Company. And the said A. B. doth for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company, that he the said A. B. will not at any Time* during hisRelidence in the East Indies, or within the said Company’s Limits, directly or indirectly, trade, correspond, traffick* deal with or for, or be in anywise aiding, assisting, or employed as Agent or Factor, by or for any Foreign Company trading in or to the East Indies, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, who do or shall, during the Continu* ance of these Presents, traffick, adventure, or trade to, in, or from, the East Indies, or elsewhere, within the Limits of the said Company’s Trade, by, or under or by virtue of, ahy Foreign Commission, Licence, or Authority whatsoever, nor shall or will, by h imself' or in conjunction with any Person or Persons whatsoever, directly or indirectly carry on, or use or be concerned in any Sort of Trade, Traffick, or Merchandize, cither from Europe to the East Indies, or to any Place within the said Company’s Limits, between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Straits of Magellan, or from the Indies, or from any Place within the said Company’s Limits, to Europe, or to or from any Place whatsoever, although not within the said Company’s Limits of Trade; save and except, for and on Account of the said Company; nor shall carry on, use, or be concerned in, any Trade or Traffick whatsoever, but such as is expressly allowed by and according to the true Intent and Meaning of these Presents. And that he the said A. B, his Executors or Administrators, shall and will pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said Company, as and by way of stated Damages, double the Value of all and every the Goods and Merchandizes, traded for, bartered by the said A. B. his Agent or Agents, contrary to the true Meaning of these Presents: Provided nevertheless, That if the said A. B. shall first voluntarily and freely make a Discovery, unto the said Company’s Court of Directors, of any Trade or Traffic carried on by him or his Agents, contrary to the true Meaning of these Presents, and of all and every the Persons therein concerned, then, and in such Case, the said Company do hereby agree to accept the single Value, instead of the double Value of the said Goods and Merchandizes, which shall be traded with, in, for, or bartered or trafficked for, contrary to the true Meaning of these Presents as aforesaid: And in order to a Discovery of, and a Satisfaction for, such illicit Trade as aforesaid. It is hereby agreed, that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said United Company, and their Successors, to file any Bill or Bills of Complaint or Discovery, in His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, against him the said A. B. his Executors and Administrators, where-

unto the said A. B. doth hereby agree, that neither he, nor they, shall or will demur or plead in Bar of the Discovery or Relief, fought by such Bill or Bills, that thereby he or they, is, are, may, or shall, become liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture, by Force of any Law or Statute, Bond, Covenant, or Agreement, or otherwise howsoever, but shall make and put in a full and pertect Answer and Answers to all the Parts thereof and shall not, in such Answer and An-

10 C fwers.

834

2<5‘ Mail

A. 177 2.

India farers, infill upon any Penalty, Forfeiture, Law, or *' Statute, Bond, Covenant, or Agreement, or alledge any Matter whatsoever, whereby to prevent, bar, or preclude, the said Company, from the Discovery or Relief, fought or to be fought by such Bill or Bills as aforesaid; but then, and in such Case, the said United Company do hereby consent to wave and disclaim all, and all Manner of Penalties and Forfeitures, that shall or may, in any Kind or Degree whatsoever, accrue or incur to them, upon, or by reason of, any Discovery or Disclosure arising by the said Answer or Answers of the said A. B. his Executors or Administrators: And the said United Company, for themselves and their Successors, do agree to accept, and the said A. B. doth, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, agree to account for, and pay, or cause to be paid to, or to the Use of, the said Company, or their Successors, as and for a full, stated, and adjusted Compensation and Satisfaction for the Damages sustained by the said Company, upon Account of the said illicit Trade, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds Value, of all and every the Goods and Merchandizes traded or trafficked with, or for, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, and also of the Produce of - the said illicit Trade. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly covenanted, declared, and agreed, between the Parties to these Presents, and it is the true Intent and Meaning thereof, that in case the said A. B. shall make Default in any of the Covenants hereinbefore contained, or shall embezzle any of the said Company's Money, Goods, or Effects, or be guilty of any Breach of Trull towards the said Company, or shall be con-.cerned in buying, bartering, felling, or disposing of any Artillery, Ordnance; Mulquets, Fire Arms, Ammunition, or Warlike Stores, to or for the Use of any Prince, Nabob, or Country Power in India, or of the Natives there, without the express Licence of the said Company, or their Court of Directors for the Time , being, or a Majority of them, or of the said Company’s President and Council, at the respective Settlement, where such buying, bartering, or felling, shall be!; or in case the said A. B. shall, at any Time during the Continuance of these Presents, without the like Licence and Authority as aforesaid, hold Correspondence with any Prince, Nabob, or Country Power in India, or any of their Ministers, or shall supply, lend to, or procure, for the Use of any Foreign Company trading in, or to India, or any Person or Persons trading under the Licence or Authority of such Foreign Company, any Money, at Respondentia, or any other Security, Loan, or Engagement whatsoever; that then, and in each and every of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for the said Company, and their said Court of Directors for the Time being, or the Majority of them, or the President and Council at the respective Settlement, where the said A. B. shall be resident or employed, and they are hereby respectively declared to have full Power and Authority for that Purpose, to suspend, or wholly dismiss, the said A. B. from the said Company’s Service and Employment; the said A. B. having first had Notice given him of such his Offence or Default, and a reasonable Time allowed him to make his Defence against the fame, and having been convicted thereof. And it is hereby further expressly covenanted and agreed, by and between the said Company, and the said A. B. that in case of such Dismission as aforesaid, or in case the said A. B. shall, during the Continuance of these Presents, be minded to quit or resign the said Company’s Service, and such llefignation shall be accepted and agreed to, by the said Company or their Court of Directors, or their President and Council at such Settlement, where the said A. B. shall refxde or be employed, that then, and in either of the said Cafes of Diuniffion from, or voluntary Re Agnation of, the said Service, it shall not be lawful for the said A. B. to enter into any aew or fresh Engagements or Concerns whatsoever, in the way of Trade or Merchandize; but he shall wholly forbear and be prohibited therefrom; but nevertheless, the said A. B. shall in any; or either of the said Cafes, be at Liberty, and have Power and Authority to sell and dispose of his Merchandizes and Effects, which he shall have on Hand, or which shall be then fairly and truly belonging to him, and to collect and get in such outstanding Debts as shall be then due and owing to him in Trade, or otherwise. And for the more effectually carrying the said last mentioned Covenant and Agreement into Execution, it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of these Presents; and the said A. B. doth hereby covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said United Company, that in case of such Dilinifiion from, or quitting and resigning, the said Company’s Service and Employment, he the said A. B. shall and will, within One Year after the same shall happen, or by the first Passage that can be obtained after the Expiration of the said One Year, transport himself, together with his Family, to Great Britain, in such Ship employed by the said Company, as shall be appointed for that Purpose, by the said Company, or by their Court of Directors, or their President and Council as aforesaid; and shall not, nor will upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, (lay, or continue any longer in the East Indies: And moreover, in case the said A. B. shall make Default in the said last mentioned Covenant, the said A. B. doth hereby consent and agree with the said United Company, that from and immediately after such Default, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, or their Court of Directors, or their President and Council at the said Settlement where the said A. B. shall reside or be, to cause the said A. B. to be apprehended and detained, and to put him and his Family on Board any Ship employed by the said Company, for the Purpose of being transported to Great Britain, so nevertheless that no unnecessary Delay be fought, nor any fit Occasion or Opportunity loft in so doing. And further, in of such apprehending, putting on Board, and porting, the said A. B. and his Family, in Manner aforesaid; the said A. B. doth hereby covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said United Company, that he the said A. B. his Executors or Administrators, shall not, nor will commence, lue, or prosecute the said Company, or their Court of Directors, or any of their Presidents and Council, Commanders or Officers of any such Ship, or any other Person employed in any of the Matters aforesaid, in, or by any Action, Suit, or other Prosecution, civil or criminal; in respect of such apprehending and detaining him the said A. B. or of putting on Board and transporting him the said A. B. and his Family, to Great Britain, in Manner aforesaid.; and in case any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be commenced, sued, or prosecuted for any of the Matters aforesaid, the said doth here-

by covenant and agree to and with the said Company, that the General lllue may be pleaded, and that this present Indenture, or any other special Matter, may be given in Evidence by any of the Defendants in any such. Suit, Action, or Prosecution. Provided always amd. lafHy, it is hereby covenanted, concluded, anci by and between the said Parties hereto, and it vs tV^/I true Intent and Meaning, That if the said 2A. ff-continue in the said Company’s Service after the retion of the said Term of Five Years, that such Oon~ tinuance shall be upon the same Terms, Conditions, and Agreements, as are hereinbefore made and agreed-upon, for the said Term of Five Years, save and excej/''"’ that if the said A. B.shall rife to any superior Place Office than what he is hereby employed in or appointed for, that then he the said A. B. performing the Covenants aforesaid, shall have and receive such \\rage^ #£> are usually paid to Officers in the like advanced Stations Places, or Employments. In witness whereof, the said United Company have to one Part of these Indentures

let

, Vt

12 Geo. III. 16° Mail. 835

set their Common Seal; and the said ih hath to the other Part of the said Indenture set his Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above-written.

A.B. (l. s.)

Sealed and delivered (being stamp’d according to Act of Parliament) in the Presence of Us,

I acknowledge to have read the within Covenant, before I executed the fame.

Witness, A. B.

Writers Covenant from 1756 to July 1770.

1000 Fador’s Covenants 1770.

This Indenture made the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and and in the

Year. of the Reign of our Sovereign J_.ord by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth. Between the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the of the

one Part, and A. B. of London, Writer, of the other Part. "Whereas the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, have (upon the special Request and Entreaty of the said A. B. and upon the Conditions and Agreements herein after contained, on the Part of the said A. B. to be performed) received and entertained him the said A. B. into their Service, as their Writer and Covenant Servant, at their chief Settlement of Fort William in Bengal in the East Indies, to serve them for the Term of Five Years, and to be employed in all or any of the Traffick or Merchandizes, jBufinesses and Affairs, in any Place or Places whatsoever, between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Straits of JVfagellan, as the said Company, or their Court of Di-fedtors for the Time being, or any Thirteen or more of them, or any by them authorized, shall appoint, at and for the YVages or Sum of Five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, by the Year, to commence from the Time of his Arrival at Fort William aforesaid. Now tin's Indenture witnesseth. That the said A. B. for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, doth hereby covenant and agree to and with the said T/nited Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, in Manner and Form following; (that is to say) That he the said A. B. from the Time of his Arrival at Fort William aforesaid, fQry and during, and unto the full End and Expiration of Five Years, shall faithfully, honestly, diligently, and carefully, serve the said Company at such Place and Flaces, and in all and every such Affairs and Business whatsoever of the said Company, as the said A. B. shall be employed in; and shall also from Time to Time and at all Times, observe, keep, and fulfil, all and every the Orders of the said Company, and of the said Court of Directors made and to be made, for the Government of their Factories and Settlements, Officers, Agents, or Servants A. broad; and shall and will also observe, keep, and fulfil, all such Orders, Instructions, and Directions, which he fir all herewith or hereafter receive under the Seal of the said Company, or from the said Court of 13 iredlors of the said Company for the Time being, or any Thirteen or more of them, or from any Persons authorized thereunto by such Directors; and shall and will, to the utmost of his Power and Skill, refill-and withstand all and every such Person or Persons, as shall break, ore radeavour to break, the said Orders, Inllruc-tions, or I_> iredior.s,or any of them. And the said A.B. doth herelay for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administ rotors, covenant and agree, to and with the said United CUcompany of Merchants of England, trading to the F.afi JTtj-Aies, that he will not do, attempt, or practise, nor shall w ittingly or willingly permit or fuller any other Person or l^erlons whatsoever, to do, attempt, or practise, any Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the Hindrance, Hurt, T*rejudice. Damage, or defrauding, of the said VOL. 33.

Company, or their Successors, or of their Servants, or any of them, or of the said Company’s Goods, Merchandizes, Trade, or Traffick, or any df them, or any Part thereof; but shall, as much as in him lies, prevent and defeat the fame. And the said A. B. doth hereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree to and with the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, that he the said A. B. shall and will, from Time to Time and at all Times from henceforth, give Notice and Intelligence, with all convenient Speed, unto the said Court of Directors for the Time being, of all and every the Deceits, Wrongs, Abuses, Breach of Orders, Inconveniences, and Hindrances, which he the said A. B. shall know, understand, hear, or suspect to be done, practised, offered, or intended, against the said Company or their Successors, or their Goods of Trade, or any of them, or against any Person or Persons by them or by the said Court of Directors employed* or in their Service, in any Place of Places, together with the Names of those Persons by whom the same shall be so offered, practised or intended* And the said A. B. doth hereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, that he will not engage or employ, either the Stock of the said Company, or any Part thereof, or make use of the Credit of the said Company, in any Kind, or other Way and Manner howsoever, than for the Affairs of the said Company, and as by the major Part of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, under their Hands, or under the Common Seal of the said Company, shall be ordered and directed. And the said A. B. doth hereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East ,that he the said A. B. shall and will, at all Times, keep and conceal the said Company’s Secrets, and every Matter and Thing committed to him as such by the said Court of Directors, or their Agents, Fadors, Officers, and Servants, or any of them. And also, That he the said A. B. shall and will, from Time to Time, and at all Times from henceforth, during his said Employment, keep, or cause to be kept, a true and particular Journal, or Day Book, of all Passages and Proceedings relating to the Affairs of the said Company, and also Books of Accounts; in which Journal, Day Book, and Books of Accounts, he shall daily, duly, truly, and fully, enter or cause to be entered, the Accounts of all and every particular Buying, Selling, Receipts, Payments, Batterings, and all other Transactions and Occurences relating to his Trull, during the Time he shall continue in the said United Company’s Service and Employment: And the said A. B.doth hereby, for himself, his Hews, Executors*

and Administrators, covenant, promise; and agree, to and with the said United Company, that he will not place, or consent to the placing to the said Company’s Account, nor otherwise charge the said Company with any more or greater Sums than he shall really, and in good Faith, pay for all or any Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects, which he shall buy, or cause, procure, or consent to be bought, for, or on Account of, the said Company. And the said A.B. doth hereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, that he shall and will bring to the Account of the said Company, in the Books of the said Company, the full Rates and Prices for which he shall fell, or cause to be (old, any of the said Company’s Goods, Merchandizes, 'or Effects. And the said A. B. doth hereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, further covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, that 9 he

East India Affairs.

Ualt India Affair*.

836 $6° Maii in'll*

he will not directly or indirectly, take, accept, or receive, or agree to take, accept, or receive, any Gift, Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, Com'pensation, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, from any Person or Persons, of whom he the said A. B. shall, by himself, or any Agent for him, buy or barter, any Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, or Effects, for, or upon Account of, the said Company , and further* that he will not take, accept, or receive, or agree to take, accept, or receive, any Gift, Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, Compensation, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, from any Person or Persons to whom he the said A. B. shall directly or indirectly, by himself, or any Agent for him, fell or barter any Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, or Effects, of or be- longing to, or for, or upon Account of, the said Company. And the said A. B. for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, doth covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company/That he the said A.B. his Executors, or Administrators, shall produce and deliver the said Books, together with all Waste Books, Pocket Books, Diaries, Memorials, and other Writings and Papers whatsoever, wherein he the said A B. shall make or cause to be made, any Entries, or set down any Matter or Thing, touching or concerning the said Company’s Affairs, or any of them, or any way relating the reunto (although the same may or shall be intermixed with his own or others Concerns) unto the said Court of Diredon of the said Company for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons, as shall by Letter or Order, under the Hands of Thirteen or more, of the said Court of Directors, or under the Seal of the said Company, be authorized and appointed to demand and receive the same; and shall and will, if required, make Oath to the Truth of such Books, Diaries, Memorials, Writings, and Papers, and that the same contain the whole of his Transactions, and that they have not been defaced, obliterated, or altered. And further, That he the said A, B. shall and will well and truly deliver and pay unto the said United Company, or their Successors, all and every such Monies, Goods, Merchandizes, and Things whatsoever, as by the Foot of his Account, or otherwise, shall be due from him, or remain in his Hands and Possession, and for which he ought to be chargeable or answerable in any manner or wife: And also, that he the said A. B. shall and will (before he shall leave the said Company’s Factories or Settlements) pay and discharge all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, as he shall justly owe or be indebted to any of the Black Merchants or Natives of the Country where he the said A. B. shall be, together with such other Sums as he shall owe Abroad to any other Merchants or Persons, not being Subjects of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, or his Successors; and that he the said A. B. shall and will, from Time to Time, when and as often os he shall be thereunto required by the said Company, or their Successors, or by the President, Agent, or Chief, and Council, of the Place where the said A. B. shall be, remove to any such other Factories, as such President, Agent, or Chief and Council, shall so direct or require. And also. That he the said A. B. shall, at all Times, during the Time of his Service aforesaid, faithfully and diligently demean himself as a good, honest, and faithful Servant towards the said Company, and their Successors, and those by them authorized, and lovingly and peaceably towards his Consorts. And upon Condition, that the said A. B. shall in all Things perform his Covenants and Agreements with the said Company, and to encourage him so to do, It is further covenanted and agreed, by and between the said Parties to these Presents, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said A. B. and the said Company doth accordingly license the said A. B. during the said Five Years, commencing as aforesaid, freely to trade and trafffck, for his own Account only, from Port to Port in , or elsewhere, within the Limits aforesaid, but not to or from any Place without the fame, without any Lett,

Hindrance of Interruption> from them the said Corn-pany, their Successors or Assigns, so as the said Trade and Traffick, so to be carried on and driven in India or elsewhere, within the Limits aforesaid, or any Part thereof, be subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Limitations, as the said Company, or the Court of Directors for the Time being of the said Company, have already directed, or shall from Time to 'l'ime hereafter direct and appoint, and be not to the Hurt or Prejudice of the said Company and their Successors, or of their Trade or Commerce; and so as whatever is so traded for by the said A. B. by virtue of this Agreement, b6 particularly entered in Books of the said Company, to be kept for that Purpose in all the Factories of the said Company respectively in the East Indies, or elsewhere within the Limits aforesaid, where such Trade shall be driven: But in case the said A. B. shall waste or make use of the said Company’s Treasure, or shall become indebted to the said Company* or shall in anywise make default in Performance of the Covenants aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it is hereby further covenanted and agreed, by and between the said Parties to these Presents, That he the said A. B. shall not be entitled to any Payments, Advantages, and Benefits, hereby otherwise intended him; but contrArywife, for and towards Satisfaction for what shall be due from him to the said Company, and for and towards Reparation of the Damages done to the said Company, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons thereunto authorized and appointed, by Writing, under the Hands of Thirteen or more, of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or under the Seal of the said Company, and to and for any President, Agent, or Chief, and Council, of any Place or Factory of or belonging to the said Company, to seize, or cause the Goods and Chattels of him the said A. B. to be seized and detained, until Satisfaction is made. And forasmuch as grievous Complaints have been made to the said United Company, that several of the said Company’s Presidents and Chiefs of their Factories, and several of such Persons as are of their Councils in their Factories Abroad, or some of them, as also their Factors, Agents, and Servants, have committed very heinous and grievous Offences in such Factories of the said Company, and elsewhere in the East , and other Places within the said Company’s Limits of Trade, by unjustly menacing, imprisonings assaulting, abuling, and evil treating, the Natives and Black Merchants, and others with whom the said Company have had Dealings or Correspondence; and by such Means, and other Violences, Abuses, and Injuries, have, as hath been alledged, extorted and forced great Sums of Money, and other valuable Effects, from such injured Persons, who by reason of the great Distance from this Kingdom, and the wholesome Laws thereof, and by reason that the said Company have hot been enabled to obtain and render Satisfaction for such Injuries and Misdemeanors, are and have been remediless: Now it is hereby agreed by and between the said Parties to these Presents, and the said A. B. doth hereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company, that in case any Sum or Sums of Money, Goods or Chattels whatsoever, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, be extorted, forced, or taken, by him the said A. B. (either lcparately or jointly with others) from any Person or Persons whatsoever, within the said Company’s Limits of Trade, by the Means or Use of Imprisonments, Assaults, Violences, Menaces, or other Force or Compulsion whatsoever, then and as often as any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, it shall and may be lawful, to and for every Person or Persons injured thereby, to make and fend over Complaints and Attestations thereof in Writing, to the Court of Di.e;tors of the said Company for the Time being, and that upon the Receipt of such Complaints an* Attulations, it shall an-; mry

cu

26° Mait.

xz Geo. III.

be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, to enquire into the Truth of the said Complaints, by all such Ways and Means as they shall think just and equitable, and thereupon to hear the Matter of the said Complaint or Complaints, and thereupon finally to judge and determine the fame, and to award Satisfaction and Reparation to toe made by the said A. B. to the said Company, for the Benefit of l'uch injured Persons. And the said doth hereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company, well and truly to pay to the said Company, at such Time or Times as shall be limited by the said Court of Directors (or the major JPart of them) for that Purpose, all and every such Sum and Sums of IVloney as shall be so awarded by the said Court of Directors for the Time being, or the major Bart of them then assembled, to be paid'as aforesaid: But in Trust nevertheless, and to the Intent, That the said Company may and do render, and pay over, the Monies recei'v'cd or recovered by them, to the Parties -injured or defrauded, which the said Corhpariy accordingly hereby agree and covenant to do: And the said mT B. doth furthermore, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company, to pay and satisfy to -the said Company, for their own Use and Benefit, all Aiich Damages as they shall have sustained by Reason or Means of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid. And forasmuch as it frequently happens, That the Pre-fidentand Council, Agent and Council, Chief and Council, and several other subordinate Officers of several of the said Company’s Factories Abroad, have, by mutual Influences on each other, settled, ftafed, and adjusted amongst themselves, their own Accounts with the said Company, in order, as far as they could, to bar and preclude the said Company from reviewing, altering, amending, correcting, or contesting, the fame: Now it is hereby further declared, That all and every such Account and Accounts, fc> at any Time heretofore stated, balanced, flgnec?, or adjusted, as aforesaid, were ever designed by the said Company to be, and the fame, and all and every such Account and Accounts, so hereafter to be stated, balanced, signed, or adjusted, by, between, or amongst such Presidents and Councils, or Agents and Councils, or Chiefs and Councils, or other subordinate Officers, or any of them, are hereby agreed to be, and shall at all Times hereafter be, taken and eileeined to be, open Accounts, formed and prepared only for the In-spedlion, Perusal, and Approbation or Correction, of the ftftcl Company, and shall not in any Sort or Kind, or in any Article thereof bind or conclude the said Com-jiany. And the said A. B.doth, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant and agree, to and with the said United Company, that he the said d. B. will not at any Time, during his Residence in

the East Indies, or within the said Company’s Limits,

directly or indirectly, by himself, or in Conjunction with any Person or Persons whatsoever, cany or use, or be concerned in any Sort of Trade, Traffick, or Merchandize, either from Europe to the Indies, or to any Place within the said Company’s Limits, between the LI apc of Good Hope, and the Sir aits of Magellan, or from the Eft/l Indies, or from any Place within the said Company’s Limits, to Europe, or to or from any Place wliatfcxcver, although not within the said Company’s > Limits of T*rca.de, lave and except, for, and on Account of, the said Company, nor shall carry on, use, or be concerned in, any Trade or Traffick whatsoever, but such as is expressly allowed by and according to the true Intent and fVT caning of thele Prclcnts. And the said A. B. for to i rxiself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, doth toxereby covenant and agree, that he the said A. B- his El ^eQeutors or Administrators, shall, and will pay, or cava-tc; to be paid, unto the said Company, as and

V otf 3 3-

837

by way of stated Damages, double the Value of all and toft rndi* every the Goods and Merchandizes, traded for, bartered, Affiurs* or trafficked with, by the said A. B. his Agent or Agents, contrary to the true Meaning of these Presents, and moreover shall forfeit and lose all and every the Benefits and Advantages which the said A. B. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, would otherwise be entitled unto, from the said Company, and shall also from thenceforth cease to be the said Company’s Servant or Agent: Provided nevertheless, That if the said A. B,

shall first voluntarily and freely make a Discovery, unto-the said Company’s Court of Directors, of any Trade or Traffick, carried on by him or his Agents, contrary to the true Meaning of these Presents, and of all and every the Persons therein concerned, then and in fugh same the said Company do hereby agree to accept the single Value, instead of the double Value of the said Goods and Merchandizes, which shall be traded with, in, for, or bartered or trafficked for, contrary to the true Meaning of these Presents, as aforesaid: And, in order to a Discovery of, and a Satisfaction for, such illicit Trade as aforesaid. It is hereby agreed, that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said United Company, and their Successors, to file any Bill or Bills of Complaint or Discovery, in His Majesty s High Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, against him the said A. B. his Executors and Administrators, whereunto the said A. B. doth hereby agree, that neither he, nor they, shall-or will demur or plead in Bar of the Discovery or Relief, fought by such Bill or Bills, that thereby he or they is, are, may, or shall become liable to any Penalty, or Forfeiture, by Force of any Law or Statute, Bond, Covenant, or Agreement, or otherwise howtoaver, b.ut shall make and put ip a full and perfect Answer and An-? fwers to all the Parts thereof, and shall not, in such Aitfwer and Answers, insist upon any Penalty, Forfeiture,

Law, or Statute, Bond, Covenant, or Agreement, or al-iedge any Matter whatsoever, whereby to prevent, bar, or preclude the said Company, from the Discovery or Relief, fought to or be fought, by such Bill or Bills as aforesaid -, but then, and in such Case, the said United Company do hereby consent to wave and declaim all and all Manner of Penalties and Forfeitures, that shall or may, in any Kind or Degree whatsoever, accrue of incur to them, upon, pr by reason of, any Discovery or Pifclosure arising by the said Answer or Answers, of the said A. B. his Executors or Administrators; and the said United Company, for themselves and their Successors, do agree to accept, and the said A- B. doth for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, agree to account for, and pay or cauft to be paid to, or to the Use of, the said Company, or their Successors, as and for a full, stated, and adjusted Compensation and Satisfaction for the Damages sustained by the said Company, upon Account of the said illicit Trade, the Supi ot Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds Value, of all and every the Goods and Merchandizes traded or trafficked with, or for, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, and also of the Produce of the said illicit Trade. Provided always and Jaftly, it is hereby covenanted, concluded, and agreed, by and between the said Parties hereto, and it is their true Intent and Meaning, That if the said A. B. shall continue in the said Com.-pany’s Service after the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years, that such Continuance ftyajl be upon the same Terms, Conditions, and Agreements, as are hereinbefore made and agreed upon, for the said Term of Five Years, lave and except, that if the said A. B.

shall rife to any superior Place of Office than what he is hereby employed in or appointed for, that then he the said A. B. performing the Covenants aforesaid, shall have and receive such Wages as are usually paid to Officers in the like advanced Stations, Places, or Employments. In witness whereof, the said United Company have to one Part of these Indentures set their Common lo D Seal;

1

East India

Mai rs

838

26* Mali.

A. 1771,

Seal; and the said A. B. hath to the other Part of the kid Indentures set his Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above-written. B. (l. s,)

Sealed and delivered (being stamped according to Act of Parliament) in the Presence of us,

I do acknowledge to have read the within Covenant before I executed the fame.

Witness, A. B.

Amount of the Securities taken from the respective flanks of the East India Company’s Civil Servants.

A Governor Counsellor Senior Merchant Junior Merchant Factor Writer

£. 10,000

4.000

3.000 - 2,000

1.000 500

Ment. Military Officers do not give Security for the Performance of their Covenants.

Copies of the separate Commissions of Commander in Chief of the Military Forces of the East India Company, at their different Presidencies, and of such Commissions of Commander in Chief as may have comprehended all their Forces in India.

The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Raft Indies.

To Mayor General Stringer , fend Greeting.

We, the said United Company, reposing especial Trust and Confidence in you Major General Stringer Lawrence, do by these Presents constitute and appoint you to be Commander in Chief of all our Military Forces in the East Indies, under our respective Presidencies; that

is to say, our Presidency of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Choromandel’, and the several Settlements and

Places subordinate to the said Presidency, whenever and as often as you shall be present and reside at the said Presidency, Settlements, or Places, and during such Time or Times only; our Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and the several Settlements and Places subordinate thereto, whenever and as often as you shall be present and reside at the said Presidency, Settlements, or Places, and during such Time or Times only; oyr Presidency at Bombay, and the several Settlements and Places subordinate thereto, whenever and as often as you shall be present and reside at the said Presidency, Settlements, or Places, and during such Time or Times only; our Presidency of Fort Marlborough, and the several Settlements and Places subordinate thereto, whenever and as often as you shall be present, or reside at the said Presidency, Settlements, or Places, and during such Time or Times only. And you Major General Stringer Lawrence are, to the utmost of your Skill and Power, to do and perform all such Offices and Services as appertain to the Post of Commander in Chief of all our Military Forces in the East Indies as aforesaid, subject however to all such Rules, Orders, and Instructions, as you shall at any Time receive from the Court of Directors of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in Writing, or under the Hands of Thirteen or more of them, or from the said Company’s Presidents and Councils of Saint George, Fort William, Bombay, or Fort Marlborough, respectively, whenever you shall be present at such respective Presidency, or any of the Settlements or Places subordinate thereto, according to the Rules and Discipline of War, in pursuance of the Trust we hereby repose in you And we do hereby strictly require, charge, and command, all Commission Officers, Non Commission Officers, Soldiers, and others, belonging to our Military Forces at the several Places before mentioned, to yield you, as their Commander in Chief, during your Refi-alence at such Places as aforesaid, due Obedience accordingly. In Witness, &c.

Pated the nth March 1761,

The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

To Joseph Smith, Esquire, Greeting.

We, the said United Company, reposing especial Trust and Confidence in your Courage and Experience in Military Affairs, do by these Presents, constitute and appoint you, to be a Brigadier General in our Service, and do give and grant you full Power and Authority, to take your Rank as Brigadier General.

You are therefore to take upon you the said Charge and Command of Brigadier General as aforesaid, and carefully and diligently to discharge the said Trust of Brigadier General, by doing all Things thereunto belonging: And we do hereby command all our Officers and Soldiers, to obey you as Brigadier General And you are to observe and follow all such Orders and Directions as you shall from Time to Time receive from us, our Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, or any other your superior Officer, according to the Rules and Discipline of War, in pursuance of the Trust hereby reposed in you; or failing the rein, our said Governor and Council are empowered by us to vacate and annul these Presents: Given under our Common Seal, this Third Day of November, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Most Excellent Majesty, Our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth; and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight.

By Order of the Court of Directors

of the said United Company.

P. Michell, Secretary.

The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

To Major General Eyre Coote, Greeting.

We, the said United Company, reposing especial Trust and Confidence in -you Major General Eyre Coote, do by these Presents constitute and appoint you to be Commander in Chief of all our Military Forces in the East Indies, and you are to the utmost of your Skill and Power, to do and perform all such Offices and Services as appertain to the Post of Commander in Chief of all our Military Forces in the East dies ai aforesaid, subject however to all such Rules, Orders, and Instructions, as you shall at any Time receive from the Court of Directors of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in Writing, or under the Hands of Thirteen or more of them, or from the Commissioners appointed to superintend their Affairs in India, or from the said Company’s Presidents and Councils of Fort Saint George, Fort William, Bombay, or Fort Marlborough, respectively, whenever you shall be present at such respective Presidency, or any of the Settlements or Places subordinate thereto, according to the Rules and Discipline of War, in pursuance of the Truff we hereby repose ia you: And we do hereby strictly require, charge, and command, all Commission Officers, Non Commission Officers, Soldiers, and others belonging to our Military Forces, at the several Places before mentioned, to yield you as their Commander in Chief, during your Residence at such Places as aforesaid, due Obedience accordingly. In Witness whereof, the said United Company have caused their Common Seal to be affixed #n London, this 22d Day of December, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

(l. s.)

By ’Order of the Court of Directors

of the said United Company.

Peter Michell, Secretary.

xo Geo. III. a6° Matt. 839

The United Company of Merchants of Mngland trading to the East Indies.

To Eyre Coote, Esquire, Lieutenant Colonel in His Majesty ’s Service, and Commandant of the Eighty-fourth Regiment of Foot, Greeting.

We, the said United Company, do by these Presents constitute and appoint you Eyre Coote* Esquire, to be Commander in Chief of all our Military Forces, at our Presidency of Fort William in Bengal* and the several Places and Settlements fhbordinate thereto} you are therefore to the utmost of your Skill and Power, to do and perform all such Offices and Services, as appertain to the Post of Commander in Chief of all our Military Forces in Bengal, as aforesaid, subject however to all i'uch Rules, Orders, and Instructions. which you shall at any Time receive from the Court of Directors of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Time being, or from our Governor and Council of William aforesaid, for the Time t>eing: And we do hereby strictly require, charge, and command, all Commission Officers, Non-Coramiflon Officers, Soldiers, and others, belongiqg Co our Military Forces in Bengal aforesaid, to yield you, as tUeir Commander in Chief as aforesaid, due Obedience accordingly. In Witness whereof. We have caused our Common Seal to be affixed to these Prefers, the 14th Day of Marchin the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-mine, and in the 'I'hirty-second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign JLord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and King, Defender of

the Faith, and so forth.

(l. s.)

Signed by Order of the Court of

Directors of the said Company.

Rob1 , Secretary.

The United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the East Indies.

To Sir Robert Bark, Knight, Greeting. We, the said United Company, nepofing especial Trust and Confidence in your Courage and Experience in IVf iiitary A.flairs, do by these Prefects constitute and appoint you to be a Brigadier General in our Service, and do give and grant you full Power and Authority to take your Hank, as Brigadier General; you are therefore to take upon you the said Charge and Command of Brigadier General as aforesaid; and carefully and diligently to discharge the said Trust of Brigadier General, by doing all Things thereunto belonging; And we do hereby commandall our Officers and Soldiers to obey you as Brigadier General; and you are to observe and follow all such Orders and Directians, as you shall from Time to Time receive from us, our Governor and Council of Fart William, or any other your superior Officer, according to the Rules and Dif-cipline of War, in pursuance of the Trust hereby reposed in you; or failing the rein, our said Governor and Council are impowered by us to vacate and annul these Presents. Given under -our Common Seal this Twenty-third Day of IWarch, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Most Excellent h/Iaj efty, our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, King, of Great,

and Ireland, Oefender of the Faith, and lb forth; and

in the Year^ of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

(t. s.)

By Order of the Court of Directors

the said United Company.

P. Michell, Secretary.

The United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the East Indies.

To JE^avid Wedderbum, Esquire, Greeting.

We, the said United Company, reposing especial Trust. and C^onfidence in your Courage and Experience Vp.t- 33-

in Military Affairs, do by these Presents constitute and appoint you to be a Brigadier General in our Service, and do give and grant you full Power and Authority to take your Rank as Brigadier General; you are therefore to take upon you the said Charge and Command of Brigadier General as aforesaid, and carefully and diligently to discharge the said Trust oif Brigadier General, By doing all Things thereunto belonging. And we do hereby command aft our Officers arid Soldiers to obey you as Brigadier General; and you are to observ and follow all such Orders and Directions as you shall from Time to Time receive from us, pur Governor and Council of Bombay, or any other your foperiof Officer, according to the Rules and Difoipline of War, in purfqance of the Trust hereby reposed in you; or failing the rein, pur said Governor and Council are imr powered by us to vacate and annul these Presents. Given under our Common Seal this Twenty-eighth Day of Marsh, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Molt

Excellent Majesty, pur Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth; and in the Year of our Lord One tftoufand Seven hundred and Seventy.

(j~ s.)

By Order of the Court of Directors

of the-find United Company.

p. Michell, Secretary.

Copies of the Commissions from the East India Company, appointing a President or Governor at each of their respective Presidencies, and the Council, issued by the said Company since the Year 1756.

The United Company of Merchants of trading to the East Indies.

To all to whom these Presents shall come, fond Greeting.

Know ye. That the said United Company, repofiag especial Trust and Confidence in the Fidelity, Prudence^ Justice, and Circumfpedtioa, of Esquire,

have made, conftftuted, and ordained, and by these Prefonts do make, constitute, and ordain, the said Robert Palk, to be President and Governor of and for aft our Affairs on the Coast of Choromandel and Orixa, and of the Chingee and Moratta Countries; and also to bp oqr Commander in Chief of our Fort Saint George, anft Town of Madrajspatnam, and pH the Territories thereunto belonging, and of all and singular the Forts, Factories, and Settlements, Territories, Counties, anft Jurisdictions thereof, and of all the Forces which now are, or hereafter may of shall be employed, for the Service of the said United Company, in thie said Forts, Towns, and Places; and to execute all and every the Powers and Authorities thereunto appertaining, by Order and Direction of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being, and to continue in the Exercise of the fame, during our anc} their Pleasure, and until the contrary thereof shall be signified under the Seal of the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, or under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being: And to the End that the said Robert Palk may be better enabled to order and manage all the Affairs of us the said Company; we do by these Presents constitute and ordain Major General Stringer Lawrencq, to be, and continue, Second of our Council of Forf Saint George, and not at any Time to rife to a superipr Rank therein; Charles Bourchier, Esquire, to be Thjrd; Brigadier General John Caillaud to be the Fourth of our said Council, and not to rife at any Time to *a superior Rank than Third of the said Council; and that his said Succession as Third do take place only An 2 the

Bast Iadia Affairi.

East India Affairs.

840 26° Mali. A. 1772.

Death or Absenccof the said Major General Stringer Lawrence; Mr. Daxvfonne Drake, Fifth; Mr.

Sixth; Mr. Richard Fairfield, Seventh; Mr. Samuel Ardley, Eighth; Mr. Charles Turner, Ninth; Mr. John Smith, Tenth; Mr. John Lewin Smith, Eleventh; Mr. John Call, Twelfth; and Mr. George Stratton, Thirteenth and lati of our said Council of Fort Saint George, for governing and managing all the said Company’s Affairs, upon the' Coast of Choromandel, and

Moratta Countries, and governing the said Fort Saint George, and City of Madrafspatna and all other our Forts, Factories, and Settlements, within any of the said Territories: And we do hereby give and grant unto our said President and Governor, Robert Palk. and to our Council aforenamed, or the major Part of them (the whole Council being duly summoned) full Power and Authority from Time to Time to rule and govern all and every our Factors or Servants, under the said Presidency, and all the Soldiers and Inhabitants of our said For Saint George, and City of Madrafspatnam, and elsewhere, within the Places aforesaid, to administer lawful Oaths, as Occasion shall require; and to do and perform all such other Acts and Things, and to use and exercise all such other Powers and Authorities, as the said President and Governor, and his Council, in their several and respective Places; where the said United Company have or shall have Factors, or any Places of Trade, are authorized to do according to such Instructions and Directions, as he the said Robert Palk, pur President and Governor, and Council, aforesaid, shall from Time to Time receive under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being: And we, the said United Company, do hereby order and require all our Factors, Servants, Officers, and Soldiers, within the Limits of the said Presidency, and all the People and Inhabitants of our said Fort Saint George, and City of Madrafspatnam, or any other our Forts, Places, or Colonies, within the said Presidency, to conform, submit, and yield due Obedience, unto the said Robert Palk, our President and Governor, and his Council accordingly. And for-as much as it is altogether necessary, that, in case of the Death or Removal of the said Robert Palk, our Presidency should be provided for the Defence and Government thereof; We do therefore by these Presents, ordain and appoint, that in such Case, the said Charles Bourchier shall immediately be, and succeed in the Place and Charge of, President and Governor of Saint George aforesaid; and in case of his Death or Removal, the next Civil Servant in Degree of Council below the said Charles Bourchier and Brigadier General John Caillaud, to succeed in the said Precedency and Government, in as full and ample Manner, and with as large and ample Power, Privileges, and Authorities, as are hereby granted unto the said Robert Palk, until our further Pleasure be known therein: And we do hereby revoke, repeal, annul, and make void, every former Commission or Commissions, given or granted by us; whereby any other Person or Persons was and were constituted and ordained President and Governor, and any other Persons therein named were constituted and ordained to be of the Council of Fort Saint George, aforesaid: In Witness whereof, We, the said United Company, have caused our Common Seal to be affixed to these Presents, the Fourth Day of January, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Most Excellent Majesty George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

(t. s.)

Signed by Order of the Court of Directors of the said United Company.

Rob' James, Secretary.

Extract of the Company’s General Letter to Saint George, dated the 4th January r765.

Having thought proper to make out a Commission under the Seal of the Company, whereby the Governor and Council for all the Company’s Affairs at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, named in our Letters of the 31st December 1760, and 13th March following, are confirmed, and: others appointed, as mentioned in the said Commission: — We fend the same by the Ship Albion, and an attested Copy thereof by the Royal

Captain,

By the said Commission, the- under-named Persons are confirmed in, and appointed to, the following Stations in the Company’s Service at our Presidency of Fort Saint George; viz.

Robert Palk, Esquire, President and Governor.

Major General Stringer Lawrence to be Second in Council, and not at any Time to rife to a superior Rank therein.

Charles Bourchier, Esquire, to be Third in Council, and to succeed to the Government in case of a Vacancy therein by the Decease or otherwise of Mr. Palk.

Brigadier General John Caillaud, to be Fourth in Council, and not to rife, at any Time to a superior Rank therein than Third; and his laid Succession as Third to take place only in case of the Death or Absence of General Lawrence.

Mr. Dawfonne Drake, Fifth in Council.

Mr. John Pybus, Sixth.

Mr. Richard Fairfield, Seventh.

Mr.# Samuel Ardley, Eighth.

Mr. Charles Turner, Ninth. . '.

Mr. John Smith, Tenth.

Mr. John Lewin Smith, Eleventh.

Mr. John Call, Twelfth.

Mr. George Stratton, Thirteenth.

Major General Lawrence and Brigadier General Caillaud are to be of Council only as described in the beforementioned Commission and the preceding Paragraph; it being our Meaning and Directions, that agreeable to our former Orders, neither of those Gentlemen should succeed to the Government, as that Polt is always to be filled by one of our Civil Servants; and consequently, in case of a Vacancy therein, by th? Death or otherwise, of Mefirs Palk and Bourchier, the next Civil Servant in the Council below the last named Gentleman and General Caillaud, is to succeed thereto, until our further Pleasure is signified.

In case of the Death or coming away of General Lawrence and General Caillaud, you will observe by our Letter of the 21st November last, no other Military Officer or Officers are to have a Seat or Voice af the Board without pur express Leave; which Directions are to be strictly observed.

The United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the F.afi Indies: To all to whom these Presents shall come, lend Greeting: Know ye, That the said United Company, reposing especial Trust and Confidence in the Fidelity, Prudence, Justice, and Circumspection, of Charles Bourchier, Esquire, have made, constituted, and ordained, and by these Presents do make, conlfitute and ordain, the said Charles Bourchier, to be President and Governor of and for all our Affairs on the Coast of Choromandel and Orixa, and of the Chingee and Moratta Countries; and also to be our Commander in Chief of our Fort Saint George and Town of ,* and

all the Territories thereunto belonging, and of all and singular the Forts, Factories, Settlements, Territories, Countries, and Jurisdictions thereof; and of all the Forces which now are, or hereafter may or shall be, employed for the Service of the said United Company-in the said Forts, Towns, and Places, and to execute all and every the Powers and Authorities thereunto appertaining,

1

12 Geo. III. 26" Mali. &4.1

~ taining, by Order and Direction of the Court of Di* Commiflums, given and granted by Us* whereby any EaAlMIl re&ors of the said United Company for the Time be- other Person or Persons was and were constituted and ing, and to continue in the Exercise of the same during ordained President and Governor, and any other Per* our and their Pleasure, and until the contrary thereof font therein named were constituted and ordained to shall be signified under the Seal of the said United be of the Council at Saint George aforesaid. In Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Witness whereof, We the said United Company have Indies, or under the Hands of thirteen or more of the caused our Common Seal to be affixed to these Pre-Court of Directors of the said Company, for the Time fents, the Twelfth Day of in the Eighth Year

being: And, to the End that the said Charles Bourchier of the Reign of His Most Excellency Majesty the may be better enabled to order and manage all the Third, by the Grate of God, of Great Britain, France',

Adairs of us the said Company, we do by these Presents and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, constitute and ordain JoJias Du Pre, Esquire, to be and in the Year of our Lord, One thousand Seven hun-

Second of our Council of Fort Saint George, next dred and Sixty-eight.

after our laid President Charles Bourchier, Mr. John Call (l. s.)

to be Third of our said Council, Mr. Dawfonne Drake Signed by Order of the Court of

to be Fourth, and not to rife to a superior Rank there- Directors of the said United Company.

in, Mr. yf/eacander Wynch to be Fifth, Mr. John An- _ Secretary.

draws to be Sixth, Mr. John Pybus to be Seventh, Mr.

Samuel siredlty to be Eighth, Mr. John Smith to be Extract of the Company’s General Letter to

Ninth, Mr. "John LnvinSmith to be Tenth, Mr* George ' George, dated the 12th of Jdnuaty 1768. ‘

Stratton to be Eleventh, Mr. George Dazbfon to be , By . the Ship Queen we transmit you a COtnittiffionV Twelfth, NTr. James Bourchier to be Thirteenth, Mr. Under the Seal of the Company, appointing the Prefi-Henry Brooke to be Fourteenth, and Mr. George Mackay dent and Governor, and the rest of the Council for to be Fifteenth and last, of our said Council‘of Fort the Presidency of Fort Saint George, in the Order and in Saint George, and not at any Time to rife to ah higher the Manner before described and directed; and you will JR.ank therein, for governing and managing all the said receive an attested Copy thereof by the Ship Dutton: Company’s Affairs upon the Coast of Ckjofomdiidel, Orixa, The United Company of Merchants of England, trad*

Chingee, an&Moraita Countries, and governing the said ing to the East Indies: To all to whom these Presents Fort Saint George and City of Madrafspatnkp, and all other shall come, fend Greeting. Know, ye,- That the said our Forts, Factories, and Settlements,‘'within any of the United Company, reposing especial Trust and Gonlfiy said Fa<5lories: And we do hereby give and grant unto deuce in the Fidelity, Prudence, Justice, and Circtim* our laid President and Governor, Charles Bourchier, spedtion of JoJias Du Pre, Esquire,' have made, -consti-and to our Council aforenamed, or the major Part of tpted, and ordained, and by these Presents do make, them (the whole Council being duly summoned) full constitute, and ordain, the said JoJias Du Prd upon Potter and Authority, from Time to Time, to rule and &ftd from the last Day of January which shall be govern all and every our Factors or Servants urider the in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred laid Presidency, and all the Soldiers 'and InhaWtants and Seventy, to be President and Governor of, and for, of our laid Fort Saint George and City of Madrafspatnam, aUour.Affairs on the Coasts of Choromandel and Orixa, and elsewhere, within the Places afar'eral^, to administer and of the Chingee and Moratta Count ries; and also lawful Oaths as Occasion shall require, and to do and to' be our Commander, in Chief of-our Fort Saint perform all such other Acts and Things, and to use George and Town of Madrafspatnain,w&&3$\ the Terri-and exercise all such other Powers and Authorities as tdries thereunto belonging, arid of all and singular thd the said President and Governor and his Council, in Forts, Factories, and Settlements, Territories, Coun* thefr fevera.1 and respective'JPlaces, where the said United trie?,."and Jurisdictions thereof, and of all the Forces Company have, hr ftvall have Faiflories, or any Places of which now are, or hereafter mayor shall be, employed Trade, are authorized to do, according to such. Instruc- for the Service of the said United Company, in the said tions and Directions is* he the said Charles Bourchier, Forts, Towns, and Places;, and to execute all and every our Presidertt and Governor and Council aforesaid, shall the Powers and Authorities thereunto appertaining, by from Time to Time receive, tinder the Hands of Thir- Order and Direction of the Court of Directors of the teeti or more of the Court of Directors of the said said United Company for the Time being, and to con*

U11 i ted Company for the Time being: And we the said tinue in the Exercise of the same during our and theit United Company do hereby order and require all our Pleasure, and until the contrary thereof shall be signi* JFacftors," Servants, Officers, and Soldiers, within the fied under the Seal of the said United Company of Limits of the said Presidency, and all the People and Merchants of England, trading to the East or

Inhabitants of our said Fort Saint George, and City of under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of &4adrafspatnam, or any other our Forts, Places, or Co- Directors of the said Company, for the Time being: ionics, within the said Presidency, to conform, submit, And, to the End that he the said JoJias Du may be and yield due Obedience unto the said Charles Bour- better enabled to order and manage all the Affairs of jchicr, our President and Governor, and his Council ac- us the said Company; We do, by these Presents, con* cordingly: And forasmuch as it is altogether necessary, stitute and ordain Warren Hajlings , Esquire, to be that, in case of the Death or Removal of the said Second of our Council of Fort. Saint George, next after C/iarles Bor<rchier, our Presidency should be provided our laid President JoJias Du Mr. John Call to be lor the Defence and Government thereof; We do there- Third of our laid Council, Mr. Alexander IVynch to fore by t heft Presents ordain and appoint, that in such be Fourth, Mr. John Andrews to be Fifth, Mr. Samuel Cafe, the said Josiah Du Pri shall immediately be, and to be Sixth, Mr. John Smith to be Seventh, Mr.

succeed irx the Place and Charge of President and Go- John Lewin Smith to be Eighth, Mr. George Stratton to vernor of Fort Saint George aforesaid; and in case of his be Ninth, Mr. George Dowjon to be Tenth, Mr. James Death or Removal, the next Civil Servant in Degree Bourchier to be Eleventh, Mr. Henry Brooke to be of Council below the said JoJias Du Pri, do succeed Twelfth, Mr. Richard Brickenden to be Thirteenth, Mr. in the said Presidency and Government, in as full and to be Fourteenth, Mr. George to

ample N/X.s*nner, and with as large and ample Power, be Fifteenth, and Mr. George Mackay to be Sixteenth Privileges^. and Authorities, as are hereby granted unto and last, of our fetid Council of Fort Saint George, and the . kid Char let Bourchier, until our further Pleasure not a* any Time to rife to an higher Rank therein, for be know rx therein; and we do hereby revoke, repeal, governing and managing all the said Company’s Affairs annul, atx«l make void, every former Commission or upon the Coasts of Choromandel and Orix*, and the 33. 10 E Chingee

V.

Eastliidu Affairs.

s.42

26* M

4 1771

Chingee and Moratta Countries, and governing the said

.For/ &»«/ George and City of and all

other our Forts, Factories, and Settlements, within any of the said Territories: And we do hereby give and grant unto our laid President and Governor Pri, and to our Council aforenamed, or the major Part of them (the whole Council being duly summoned) full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to rule and govern all and every obr Factoris'and Servants under the said Presidency, and all the:-Soldiers and Inhabitants of our said Fort Saint George and City of Madrafspatnam, and elsewhere, within the Places aforesaid, to ad minister lawful Oaths as Occasion shall require, and to (Jo and perform all such other Acts and Things, and to use and exercise all such other Powers and Authorities, as the said President and Governor, and his Council in their several and xespective Places where the said United Company have, or shall have, Factors, or any Places of Trade, are authorized to do, according to lucn Instructions and Directions, as he the said Jofias Du fire, our President and Governor, and Council aforesaid, shall from Time to Time receive under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being: And we the said United Coro pan y.jJo hereby order and require all ouf Factors, Servants, Officers, and Soldiers, within: the Limits of the said. Presidency, and’all the People and Inhabitants of mtr laid Fort Saint George and City of AJodrafspatnam,. or any other our Forts, Places, or Colonies, within the said Presidency, to conform, submit, and yield due. Obedience unto the said Jofias Du our President and Governor, and his Council accordingly: And forasmuch as it is altogether necessary, that* in case of the Death or Removal of the said Jofias Du Pri, our Presidency should be provided for the Defence £qd; Government thereof; we do therefore by these Presents ordain and appoint, that in such same the said Warren Hafiings shall immediately be and succeed in

the.Place and.Charge of President and Governor of Fott Saint. George uforcfudi and in case of his Death or Removal, the next Civil Servant in; Degree of Council below the said. Warren Hafiings do succeed in the said Presidency and . Government, in as full and ample Manner,.and witfcas darge.and ample Power, Privileges, and Authorities, as;ate hereby granted Junto the said Jofias Du-'Pre, -until-OW’ further. iPleafure-be known therein: And we dp ^hereby revoke, repeal, annul, and make void, every former: Commission or Commissions, given and granted by us, whereby any other Person or Persons was. and were constituted and ordained President and Governor, and any. other Persons therein named were constituted and ordained to be of the Council at Fort Saint George aforesaid. In Witness whereof, we the said United Company have caused o.ur Common Seal to be affixed, to these Presents, the Seventeenth Day of , in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Most Excellent Majesty George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our. Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.:

(£. s.)

Signed by Ocder of the Court of,

Directors of the said United Company.

P. Michell, Secretary.. v

Extract of the Company’s General. Letter to Saint George, dated the 17th 1769.

Mr. Bourchier being directed to resign the Government on. the 31 ft January 1770, and Jofias Du Pr(, Esquire, being appointed by the 16th Paragraph of our Letter of the 12th January 1768,^0 succeed as President and Governor of Fort Saint. George, he is on the said 31st Day of January 1768 to take uponhimself

the Administration thereof accordingly} and we expert, from his Zeal and Abilities in the Discharge of the Duties of that important Station, he will merit this signal Mark of our Favour.

And we further order and direct, that our Council at Fort Saint George do consist of the following Gentlemen j viz.

Jofias Du Pre, Esquire, President and Governor. Mr. Warren Hafiings — To be Second in Council, and succeed to the Government, in case of a Vacancy by the Decease or otherwise of Mr. Du Pre.

Mr. John Call, Third.

Mr. Alexander Wynch, Fourth.

Mr. John Andrews, Fifth.

Mr. Samuel Ardley, . Sixth,

Mr. John Smith, . Seventh.

Mr. John Lewin Smith, Eighth.

Me. George Stratton, Ninth.

Mr. George Dawson, Tenth.

.Mr. James Bourchier, Eleventh.

Mr. Henry Brooke, Twelfth.

Isis. Richard Brickenden, Thirteenth,.

Mr. John Whitehill, Fourteenth- Mr. George Dolbeit, Fifteenth*

Mr. George Mack ay. Sixteenth, ..and last of

Council; arid at no Time tp rife to an higher Rank therein than last.

And. we inclose a Commission accordingly, under the Company’s Seal, in the Packet, by the Ship Duke of Graf tori, and an attested Copy thereof will be forwarded in the Duke of Kingston.

To the honourable Charles'Bourchier, Esquire, President and Governor of Fort Saint George, Jofias Du Esquire,. Warren Hafiings, Esquire, Brigadier Gieneral , Joseph Smith, and Alexander , Esquire.

1. The Tenor of our Letters to the separate Department since the Negotiations were' commenced with Nizam Ally for the Circars, will explain to you the Sense we have entertairied of the Deviations that have been made; from our former more contracted, but, as we trust, more permanent System, of confining our Influence and Poflessions within the Boundaries of the Carnatic y it is to retreat back within those Limits, and for other Purposes, which we shall hereafter express, that we-hereby appoint you a Select Committee, and ^ntnlft to your Discretion and Abilities the Conduct of Our political Affairs.

‘ 2.- The Preservation of our present Influence in the Bengal Provinces, is the great Object of our Attention } all political Connections in the rest of India, are only important as they may affect us there.

3. Every Accession of Influence, or Possession el(e»

where, which, by dividing our Troops, may prevent the Exertion of our whole Force, in case we should be attacked in that Quarter, is hazarding a Substance for a Shadow} and on this Principle we shall never think Bengal secure while there is an English Soldier in t.he Mysore Country. We esteem your Coast only as

a Barrier to our Bengal Poflessions; and the Depression of the Ftench Power in the Carnatic, and their Exelu-fion from the Circars, are the Two Objects to which all your Politics should tend.

4. Judge then our Anxiety at seeing a System adopted so repugnant to our Views as that of supporting Mahomed Ally in the Mysore Country. We repeat, we shall not think ourselves secure while we have a Soldier or Sepoy in that Country, nor till we' fee it given to some Power who may preserve it a Barrier against the Moratl'as, and who may be an useful Ally should we ever have Occasion to call in the Assistance of a Coun-

1 "tty

iat3Eo.HL

2,6° Man

\ »

should'havebecn the WMoti've For the ^ggranSize-! Eastfo& meat of Mahomed Alty, and that we are plunged . into ’ Mutt. a' War, to pur him in PoIFcflion of the Mysore Revenues*, for the Discharge of the Debt. — Nor are we without Ap-.

try Power: These ale our Views-; biit not being able to form even a probable Conjecture of what may happen' from the Time of your lad Advices to the Time

that tills shall reach your Hands, it is impossible for u$^ ^_______

to lay, how our Views are to be accomplished; we trull' prehensions that the Revenues collected by the Nabob entirely to your Judgement, so to conduct these dfcli-' in the Carnatic y and the new Conquells, may be applied cate Affairs, as shall the leall expose us to the Imputa- to the Discharec of this Debt, instead of being- an plied tion of violated Faith. ‘ , . > to the Support of the War. .'

5. Were Mahomed Ally only to be managed, the

Conduct of the Rajah of ‘Tanjdre leaves-an:Opening so satisfy.him at his Expence, in the Mariner we shall

point out in the subsequent Part of this Letter; but

you may possibly find yourselves embarrafied with va- opposite to the Company’s, and in a same where they

12. If the Report of the Trull vested in the Governor and Council is ttue, we cannot consider it jn other. Light than a total Iftyerfion of the Mature of our. Service.^-lt is, avowing private lpterest diametrically

must cO'ntihudliy cotne in Competition — .-Charged on Out j*art With the Recovery of a Debt due from the Nabob, for supporting him in a War during almost Twerity’ Yeats, hOW can our Servants, confident with their Duty and Fidelity, neglect the Discharge oft so

rious Engagements entered into with the' Mo/tftlas, or' with the dispoHeffed Princes of those Countries- which'

have been conquered by Ryder Aliy, or with any other Country Powers, with whom the1 Talk may be more

difficult, and for'Which we can give rio positive Direc- .

titans. — Whenever the great Purpose of retiring again great a publjt Triad, OrTuffer any Interest of their own within the Boundaries of the Carnatic'i(having first fe- to come in Competition with it; or how. can they dare. Cured a proper Barrier) is obtained,!the Defence thereof,' to employ the Forces, Influence, and Authority of the and the Redud^ioh of thfc vad Fortes no\<l kept upby Company, in collecting, the Revenues of the Nabob, the Company and -the‘JNabob, mud be fltidly attepdeft mortgaged' to th'emselves? — The Honour and Dignity of to t but first. it will be necessary f6' explain ourfplvy^ the Company is so materially affected by those Pro-;

tof Tanjortti ’ ceedings, that we expert you to imprest our Servants

with respect to the Rajah of

6i -\Ve have-expressed-our Sense of1 the Rajah of with ''trc|mii' ‘SfcnFe of the Didmftion^ which strifes. Tattyore'-s Cotidud. to our1 Letter to the l’eparate Depart- bet^e^on^e and public Interest, lo diametrically of-, ment, bqt have reserv^d our Intentidris with’reFpedt to pofite mvthU Indance, and how incompatible their Const that Rajah, to be executed by you. ' dqft fs with the Charaftef of faithful Servants, to the'(

- 7. " It appears most unreasonable to ttsy that the Company ;, and therefore the fird Step you are to take is, Rajah.‘of Tanj'ore should hold 'Pofteffiork of the‘mod to demand frpi^ them a Reojunciation of all the Rower fruitful Phrf of the Country, which^kn alone Tupply and Authqrjfj(IJ^Ven them by the Nabob, for the Colour* A trifles with Subsistence, and not'contribute to‘the lfeftion of aHy.Rart of 'his.Revenues, for his Debts to Defence of the Carnatic. — We Obf^tve the Nabob makes individuals iqt. ’we cknnbt suffer the Idea of such a vfcpy'Jearned1 ReprefCntations to you on this Subject in Right to;be*jeritmained,' iithef. by the Nabob), or by. our his Letter; entered in the Book of Ccuh'try Correspon- Servanfi, in^E^elusion'o^8utselves. , - .

dence, wherein he takes Notice that ‘the Zemindar^of 13. ijaytog done.thisV ybu are then to denjand from, the*' Carnatic have been supported, and 'their Countries the Nabob,"an Accotirttofall his Debts to the Ser-preserved to them, by the Operations;of oui* Forces employed in his Cause, atfd that nothing was:more noto-

Hexus than that Three former Prihces of the had id©

NAziim __________

the ’present, - if" he - had met with ‘Sultels against,' our Army, would not have: been content with less that,a Crore of Rupees from this Rajajvf How just does, ic then appear that he should be made to bear dome Part of the tLxpence of those Measures, to which he owes1 his Security, and the Peace of his Countty. — We' therefore enjoin you to give the Nabob /udi Support'in his Pretentions on the Rajah of as may be 'effec-

tual j and if the- Rajah refuses to contribute a jqd Proportion to the Expence of the War, you are.,then to pursue such IVleafures as the Nabob may think confident with tt>e Justice and Dignity of his Government.. ’

8. Whatever :Surhs may in consequenci of the above Orders be obtained from the Rajah of \y$ ex-

pect shall be applied to the Discharge of the Nabob’s Debt t-o the Company ;-and if more than sufficient for that Purpose, to the Discharge of his Debt to Individuals.

9. In our I_.etter to the separate Department,-under this Date, we have testified our great Surprize at the Reports that sre circulated by the Amount of the Nabob’s -Debt to Individuals, being more, than 20 Lacks' of Pagodas, a rad that the Governor, and Council act as Trustees for the Recovery of the fame, and as such are in Possession of1" the Collection of the Revenues of great. Part of the Cer »~nslic.

10. Ignorsx*-»t as we are of the Rife of this Debt, and; the Truth of r Yiefe Reports, we cannot but be fnfpiciqus that the ltxt^ie(^ of the Cotppany >s much wronged' thereby- ... /'j",

n. \Ve are; alarmed- left this Debt to Ihdividulb Vou- 5j.

vants of die Company or Inhabitants, arising under pyr. Protection. — You are to examine them fpparately, and fee that , they are charged with no higher ..Interest than

14. Having'adjusted these'Accounts, you.^re to let the Njtb'db knbw, his first Obligation is tq discharge-his Debt due’to the Company. You are therefore ta offer Kirn yohr’/Assistance, and, if necessary, even infill in the jftrpngeflT'Manner on his entering into the Detail of his ReVemieS, and to point out to you what further. Resources he has for the' mcharge of his Debts, and to make th;e Liquidation thereof a Matter of public Dif-cuffion between yoil and him, and give the Sanction of, tlfe Company’s Authority to the Measures to be taken for the Discharge of his Debt to Individuals, without, which he can never be a useful Ally.

*5. You are to be very minute in representing to us whatever can give any Light into the Rife and Progress of this uncommon Debt, and the Measures you adopt for procuring the Discharge of it.

16. We have expressed our Sentiments in our Letter to the separate Department on the great arid almoll unnecessary Force kept up by the Nabob,' but we rely on you' for puYfuing the proper Measures to enforce the Reduction of them to a Number more suitable to the State of the Nabob’s Finances: When we permitted an Increase. of the Sepoy Establishment in iy6^, it was with a View to reduce the Numbers of his uridisciplined Rabble, instead of which, they have been increasing to a Degree as would almost incline us to think he meant in future to rely on them for the Defence of the Carnatic; the Folly of this must., be strongly represented, to hitti^ and yoli must inculcate to him that-he cannot-strengthen hlqiself by any Mode so effectual as the Re-estabufti trig* his Finances. 'Remind him of the long War '

we

-EsftTodia

iftiw.

844

26' Mali.

A.

1772.

we here sustained in the Defence of the Carnatic; that the Time may come when such another Effort may be required against the same powerful Enemy; that he is always to bear this in his Mind as a possible Event, and be preparing against it; and that no Preparation will be so effectual as a full Treasury; and till that is accomplished, he must confine alt his Ambition to the putting the Carnatic into a proper State of Defence, by keeping up the Fortification;, and having his Magazines well stored.

17. Our Letter to the separate Department by this Conveyance, will sufficiently explain to you our Sentiments with respect to the Mode adopted of late Years, for contracting for Supplies to the Army; and you are therefore hereby most positively ordered to examine and correct all Abuses that may appear to you to have been committed in this Respect, and revert to our former Orders on this Subject.

18. There is nothing which affects the Welfare of

the Company more than an impartial Administration of Justice towards their Servants; and we find our-selves extremely perplexed what Opinion to form on the Censures passed by the Governor and Council against Messrs. Dowfett and , on Account of

the Doubts that arise from the Character of Fter ago, the principal Evidence, and the Contradictions in the several Evidences, but more especially from that given in upon Oath by Cundapah relative to Mr. subsequent to the DeciGon of the Governor and Council on the Cafes of MefTrs. Dowfett and Cuming, and which Evidence of Cundapah will very materially affect that given against them. — This has induced us to fuf-. pend our Judgment; and we refer it to your Decision, and recommend it to you, to go attentively through the former Trial, to consider the Weight due to the Evidence given by Cundapah, and any new Lights that may. since be received if Narfoo is found; and should they be found guilty of the Charge laid against: them, our Order is, that they be dismissed our- Spryice, and sent Home by the first Conveyance; and on the other hand, should you deem them worthy of being teftored, we impower you so to do, and to let their Salary and Allowances from the Company be continued to them from the Time they were withheld. — However, whether they are restored, or not, you are to see that the several Sums are refunded, which the Company have been defrauded of, by the carrying on of the Works at Cuddalorc during the Time that Messrs, Dowfett

and Cuming were Pay matters there. — And if ..in the Course of your investigating the le Affairs, it may appear to you that any of the Natives have been guilty of fraudulent Practices, you are to withdraw our Protection from those who are lo unworthy of it, and banish them from our Bounds.

London, We ate,

the 17th March 1769, Your loving Friends,

Charles Chambers, H> Crabb Boulton,

fa. Cock burn, G. Colebrooke

Jif Woodhouse, J. Purling,

Ben. Booth, Frei Pigou,

f. Cre/kvicke, E. H. Cruttenden,

Peter Du Cane, Junior, fames,

William Snell, Daniel Wier,

fohn'Harrison," Edw*

Luke Scrafton, ' f.

Rob. Jones, J. Pardoe.

The United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies.

To all to whom these Presents shall come, fend Greeting.

~ Know ye. That we the said United Compainy, re-posing especial Trull and Confidence in the Fidelity, Prudence, Justice, and Circumspection, of Roger Drake, Junior, Esquire, have made, constituted, and ordained.

and by these Presents do make, constitute, and ordain, the said Roger Drake, to be President and Governor, of and for all the said Company’s Affairs in the Bay of Bengal, and other the Places and Provinces thereunto belonging in the East Indies; and also to be our Governor and Commander in Chief of our Fort William, in the Bay of Bengal, and all the Towns and Territories thereunto belonging, and of all and singular the Forts, Factories,.and Settlements, Territories, Countries, and Jurisdictions thereof, and of all the Forces which now are, or hereafter may or shall be, employed for the Service of the said United Company, in the said Forts, Towns, and Places, and to execute all and every the Powers and Authorities thereunto appertaining, by Order and Direction of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being, and to continue in the Exercise of the same during; our and their Pleasure, and until the contrary thereof shall be. signified under the Seal of the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Infah or under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being: And, to the End the said Roger Drake may be better enabled to order and manage all the Affairs of us the said United Company, we do by these Presents constitute and ordain William Watts, Esquire, to ,be Second of our Council of Fort William, next after our said President Roger Drake, Major fames Kilpatrick to be and continue ’Third of our laid Council, and not to rile to a superior Rank therein, Mr. Charles Manningham to be Fourth, Mr. Richard Becher to be Fifth, Mr. Paul Richard Parkes to be Sixth, Mr. William Frankland to be Seventh, Mr. Matthew Collet to be Eighth, Mr. fohn Zephaniah Holwell to be Ninth, Mr. William Mackelt to be Tenth, Mr. Edward Eyre to' be Eleventh, and Mr. Nicholas Clerembault to be Twelfth and last, of our said Council, of Fort William, for governing and managing all the said Company’s Affairs in Bengal, and the Places and Provinces thereunto belonging as aforesaid: And we do hereby give and grant unto our said President and Governor, Roger Drake, Esquire, and to our Council aforenamed, or the major Part of them (the whole Council being duly summoned) full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to rule and govern all and every our Factors and Servants under the said Presidency, and all the Soldiers and Inhabitants of our said Fort William, and all the Towns and Territories thereunto belonging, to administer lawful Oaths as Occasion shall require, and to do and perform all such other Acts and Things, and to use and exercise all such other Powers and Authorities, as the said President and Governor, and his Council, in their several and respective Places where the said United Company have, or shall have FaClors or any Places of Trade, are authorized to do, according to such Instructions and Directions as the said Roger Drake, our President and Governor, and Council aforesaid, shall from Time to Time receive under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being: And we the said United Company do hereby order and require all our FaClors, Servants, Officers, and Soldiers, within the Limits of the said Presidency, and all the People and Inhabitants of the said Fort William, and all the Towns and Territories thereunto belonging, to conform, submit, and yield due Obedience unto him the said Roger Drake, our President and Governor and his Council, accordingly. — And forasmuch as it is altogether necessary, that, in case of the Death or Removal of the said Roger Drake, our Presidency should be provided for the Defence and Government thereof; We do therefore, by these Presents, ordain and appoint, that in such same the said William Watts, Esquire, shall immediately be and succeed in the Place and Charge of JPrefidfent and Governor of Fort William afore-

..... . said;

12 Geo. III. %6* Maii.

said; and in case of his Death or Removal, the nex! in Degree of Council below the said Major James KiU Patrick shall succeed in the said Presideacy and Government, in as full and ample Manner, and with as large and ample Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, as are hereby granted unto the said Roger Drake, until our further Piealure be known therein: And we do hereby revoke, repeal, annul, and make void, every former Commission and Commissions, given and granted by us, whereby any other Person or Persons was and were constituted and ordained President and Governor, and any other Persons therein named were constituted and ordained to be of the Council at Fort aforesaid. Tn Witness whereof, we the

fa id United Company, have caused our Common Seal to be affixed to these Presents, the Eleventh Day of February in the Xwenty^ninth Year of the Reign of his most Excellent Majesty George the Second, by the Grace of God,"King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Filth,' and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-six.

(L.S.)

Signed by Order of the Court of Directors of the said United Company.

Rob1 James, Secretary.;

Extract of the Company’s General Letter to Bengal, dated the 11 th February 1756^ 1

You will receive by the Ship a Cotntnif-

fion under the Seal of the Company, whereby the tindernamed Persons are constituted and appointed to j>reside over and manage all the Company’s Affairs at Jport William in Bengal, and all the several Dependencies thereunto belonging; viz.

Royer Drake, Esquire, President and Governor. fWilliam Hiatts, Esquire, Second of Council, and to succeed as President and Governor, in case of the XDeath or Removal of Mr. Drake, jfames ICilpatrick, Esquire, as Major and Third of Council, and to remain so without rising to a superior Rank therein.

JVTr. Charles Manningham, Fourth in Council.

Mr. Ric/zaid Becker, Fifth.

IMr. Patel Richard Pearkes, Sixth. ,.f ' ,

JVXr. William Frankland, Seventh. \

JVIr. Matthew Collet, Eighth.

JVXr. John Zephaniah Holwell, Ninth.

Mr. William Mackett, Tenth.

I\Tr. Edxvnrd Eyre, Eleventh.

JVXr. Nicholas Clerembault, Twelfth.

Memorandum: The rest of the Commissions and In structions, relating to the Presidency of Fort Wi/liant, will appear by the following Letters, wHicli are entered in the Books of Letters to that Presidency, now before the Committee.

Oencral Letter 3d August 17$"] — Par* 5 and 7.

11 th Novenf - 46.

8th March 1768 - - 4 and 6,

23d D° - - - - 1.

nth. April - - - - 1.

13th March 1761 - - 65.

pth Feb'J 1764.

9th May - - - - 28.

1 ft June - 19. 67. 68. 69.

17th May 1766 - 40.

12th Janr3 1768 - - 7. 9. 10.

13th Septem? 1769 - 3-

The T_J r, Jtec] Company of Merchants of England, trading to the JF£.ajl Indies: To all to whom these Presents shall come, fer»c\ Greeting. Know ye, That we, the said United Vofc.33.

Company, reposing especial Trull and Confidence in the East TodU Fidelity, Prudence, Justice, and Circumspection, of Affairs. Charles Crommelin, Esquire, have made, constituted, and

ordained, and by these Presents do make, confiitute, ai)d ordain, the said Charles Cromm Esquire, upon, and from the last Day of February which Ilia 11 be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, to be President of and for all our Affairs at Bombay, and in Surat, Cambay, and and at Te/li-

chen y, Anjengo, and all our Settlements on the Malabar Coast, and elsewhere in the East Indies, under the Direction of the late President and Council; and also to be our Commander in Chief and Governor of our Castle and Island of Bombay, and of the several Forts thereon, and of our Forts of Tellicherry and Anjengo, and of all and singular other the Forts, Territories, and Jurisdictions belonging the reunto, and of all the Forces which now are, or hereafter may or shall be, employed for the Service of the said U nited Company in the said Forts, Towns, and Places, or sent from thence by Land -.or Sea, and to execute all and every the Powers and Authorities thereunto appertaining, by Order and Direction of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being, and to continue in the Exercise of the same during our and their, Pl^sure, and until the contrary thereof shall be signified under the Seal of the said United Company, or under the Hands of 1 hirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said Company for -the Time being: And, to the End the said Charles melin may be better enabled to order and manage all «the Affairs of the said Company, we do by these Prefects constitute and ordain Mr. George Scott to be Second of our Council of Bombay, next after our said President Charles CrommelMr. Thomas By~ field. Third; Mr. Thomas Hodges, Fourth; Mr. Alexander Douglass, Fifth; Mr. Brabazon Ellis, Sixth; Mr.

William Hornby, Seventh,; Mr WAndrew Price, Eighth; Mr. John Spencer, Ninth; Captain Samuel Hough, Tenth; Mr. Thomas Whit chill, Eleventh; and Mr. Charles Waters, Twelfth and last, of our said Council of Bombay, for governing and managing of all the said Company's Affairs at Bombay and other the Places aforesaid, and governing the said Castle and Island of Bombay, and all other our Forts, Factories, and Settlements, within any of the Territories aforesaid: And

we do hereby give and grant unto cur said President Charles Crommelin, Esquire, and to our Council aforenamed, or the major Part of them, whereof our said President to be always One (the whole Council being duly summoned) full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to rule and govern all and every our Factors and Servants under the said Presidency, and all -the Soldiers and Inhabitants of our said Castle and Island of Bombay, and elsewhere within the Places aforesaid, to administer lawful Oaths as Occasion shall require, and to do and perform all such other Acts and Things, and to use and exercise all such other Pow ers and Authorities as the said President and his Council in their several and respective Places, where the said United Company have, or shall have, Factors,

<?r any Places of Trade, are authorized to do, according to such Instructions and Directions, as they the said Charles Crommelin our President and Council aforesaid, shall from Time to Time receive under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being:

— And wc the said United Company do hereby order and require all our Factors, Servants, Officers, and Soldiers, within the Limits of the said Preli-dency, and all the People and Inhabitants of our laid Island and Castle of Bomba, or any other our Forts, Places, or Colonies, within the said Presidency, to conform, submit, and yield due Obedience unto the said Charles Crommelin our President and Governor,

10 F ami

846 2 6° Maii. 1772.

Part India and his Council, accordingly: And forasmuch as it is Affairs, altogether necessary, that, in case of the Death or Removal of the said Charles Crommelin, our Presidency should be provided for the Defence and Government thereof, we do therefore, by thele Presents, ordain and appoint, that in such same the said Mr. Thomas Hodges shall immediately be and succeed in the Place and Charge of President and Governor of Bombay aforesaid, in as full and ample Manner, and with as large and ample Powers and Authorities, as are hereby granted unto the said Charles Crommelin, until our, or the Court of Directors for the Time being, as aforesaid, their further Pleasure be known therein. In Witness whereof, we the said United Company have caused our Common Seal to be affixed to these Prelents, this Twenty-fifth Day of April, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his most Excellent Majesty George the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine.

(l. s.)

Signed by Order of the Court of Directors of the said United Company.

Robr James, Secretary.

Extra# of the General Letter to Bombay, dated the 25th April 1759.

We shall now proceed to regulate and fix your Establishment: We accordingly dire# and appoint Charles Crommelin, Esquire, to be President and Governor of our Island of Bombay, and that he take the Chair on the last Day of February 1760, or sooner if Governor Bourchier shall chuse to resign; and in case of the Death or Absence of Mr. Crommelin, we appoint Thomas Hedges, Esquire, to be Governor of Bombay, and on the Death or Absence of Mr. Hodges, it is our Pleasure, that those of Council next below Mr. Hodges succeed to the Government in turn, as we shall rank them; all those in Council (landing above Mr. Hodges are barred from the Succession: And we do hereby appoint the following Persons to be our Governor and Council for the Management of our Affairs under your Presidency.

Charles Crommelin, Esquire, President and Governor, to take the Chair on the last Day of February 1760, or sooner if Mr. Bourchier should resign.

George Scott, Second of Council; to rife no higher.

Thomas Byfeld. Third.

Thomas Hodges, Fourth; to succeed as President and Governor, in case of the Death or Absence of Mr. Crommelin.

Alexander Douglajs, Fifth.

Brabazoti Ellis, Sixth,

William Hornby, Seventh.

William Andrew Price, Eighth.

John Spencer, Ninth.

Samuel Hough, Tenth.

Thomas Whitehill, Eleventh.

Charles Waters, Twelfth.

A Commission, agreeable to this Appointment, is sent in the Packet, by the Ship Harcourt.

The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

To all to whom these Prelents shall come, fend Greeting.

Know ye, that we the said United Company, jepofing dpecial Trust and Confidence in the Fidelity, Prudence,

Justice, and Cireumfpe#ion, of John Spencer, Esquire, have made, constituted, and ordained, and by these Presents do make, constitute, and ordain, the said John Spencer, Esquire, upon and from the last Day. of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, to be President of and for all our Affairs at Bombay, and in Surat, Cambay, and Peijia, and at Tellickerry, Anjengo, and all our Settlements on the Malabar Coast, and elsewhere, in the East Indies, now under the Direction of Charles Crommelin, Esquire, President, and the Council of Bombay aforesaid; and also to be our Commander in Chief, and Governor of our Castle and Island of &W-bay, and of the several Forts thereon, and our Forts of Tellicherry and Anjengo, and of all and singular other the Forts, Territories, and Jurisdictions, belonging the reunto, and of all the Forces which now are, or hereafter may or shall be, employed for the said Unired Company, in the said Forts, Towns, and Places, or sent from thence by Land or Sea, and to execute all and every the Powers and Authorities thereunto appertaining, by Order and Direction of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, for the Time being, and to continue in the said Exercise of the same during our and their Pleasure, and until the contrary thereof shall be signified under the Seal of the said United Company, or under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, for the Time being: And,.to the End the said John Spencer may be better enabled to order and manage all the Affairs of the said Company, we do by these Presents constitute and ordain Mr. Thomas Byfeld to be Second of our Council of Bombay, next after our said President John Spencer; Mr. Thomas Hodges, Third; Mr. William Hornby, Fourth; Mr. William Andrew Price, Fifth; Mr. Thomas Whitehill, Sixth; Mr. Charles Waters, Seventh; Mr. Peter E/win Wrench, Eighth; Mr. Samuel Court, Ninth; Mr. Daniel Draper, Tenth; Mr. James Ryley, Eleventh; Mr. Henry Moore, Twelfth; and Mr. Rawjcn Hart Beldam, Thirteenth and last, of our said Council of Bombay, for governing and managing of all the said Company's Affairs at Bombay, and other the Places aforesaid, and governing the said Castle and Island of Bombay, and all other our Forts, Fa#ories, and Settlements, within any of the Territories aforesaid: And we do hereby give and grant unto our said President, John Spencer, Esquire, and to our Council aforenamed, or the major Part of them, whereof our said President to be always One (the whole Council being duly summoned) full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to rule and govern all and every our FaClors and Servants under the said Presidency, and all the Soldiers and Inhabitants of our said Castle and Island of Bombay, or elsewhere, or within the Places aforesaid, to administer lawful Oaths, as Occasion shall require, and to do and perform all such other Acts and Things, and to use and exercise all such other Powers and Authorities, as the said President and his Council in their several and respective Places, where the said United Company have, or shall have, Factors, or any Places of Trade, arc authorized to do, according to such Instructions and Directions as they the said John Spencer, President, and Council aforesaid, shall, from Time, to Time, receive, under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, for the Time being; and we the said United Company do hereby order and require all our FaClors, Servants, Officers, and Soldiers, within the Limits of the said Presidency, and all the People and Inhabitants of our said Island and Castle of Bombay, or any other our Forts, Places, or Colonies, within th.* said Presidency, to conform, submit, and yield due Obedience unto the said John Spencer, our President and Governor, and his Council, accordingly: And foraf-

nuich

12 Geo. III.

2 6° Maii.

847

much as it is altogether necefiafy, that, in case of the Death or Removal of the said John ourPresidency

should be provided for the Defence and Governmren thereof, we do therefore by these Presents ordain and appoint, that in such same the said Mr. Thomas Hodges shall immediately be and succeed in the Place and Charge of President and Governor of Bombay, and its Dependencies aforesaid, in as full and ample Manner, and with as large and ample Powers and Authorities, as are hereby granted unto the said John Spencer, until our or the Court of Diredijors for the Time beingas aforesaid, their further Pleasurebe known therein. In Witness whereof we the said United Company have causedour Common Seal to be affixed to these Presents, this Twelfth Day of,

in the Sixth Year of . the Reign of His most Excellent Majesty George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and , Defender of the

faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One tiioufand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

(L* .*)

' Signed by Order of the Court of Directors of the said United Company. r Rob1 , Secretary.

Extract of the General Letter to , dated the

12th March 1766.

Having ordered and directed Mr. Crommelin to resign the Government on the 31st Day of January 1767, and Mr. John Spencer being appointed by our Letters of the id June 1764, and the 2ad March 1765, to succeed thereto; he is accordingly, on the said 31st Day of January 1767, to take Charge of the Government as President and Governor of Bombay; and we hope he will, by his Fidelity, Diligence, ‘ ltridl Observance of our Orders, and constant Application in the said Station, render himself worthy of this signal Mark of our Favour. ‘

And we do hereby order and direct, that our Council at Bombay do consist of the following Persons; visa.

John Spencer, Esquire, President and Governor.

Mr. Thomas Byfeld, Second.

Mr. Thomas Hodges, Third. 1

Mr. William Hornby, Fourth.

Mr. William Andrezv Price, Fifth.

Mr. Thomas Whitehall, Sixth.

Mr. Charles Waters, Seventh.

Mr. JPeter Elivin Wrench, Eighth

Mr. Samuil Court, Ninth.

Mr. JDaniel Draper, Tenth.

Mr. James Ryley, Eleventh,

Mr. Henry Moore, Twelfth.

Mr. Rawjon Hart BoddamThirteenth.

We accordingly fend, by the Ship Nottingham, a Commission under the Company’s Seal, confirming the said Appointment.

The United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the E Indies, To all to whom these Presents shall come, fend Greeting. . jCnow ye, that we the said United Company, Tepofing especial Trust and Confidence ‘in |he Fidelity Prudence, Justice, and Circumspection, of Thomas HoJgey, Esquire. have made, constituted, and ordained, and oy these Presents do make, confiitute, and ordain, the said Thomas Hodges to be President. of and for alTour Affairs at Bombay, and in Shat, Cambay, and Persia, and at Te/lic lurry, Anjengo, and ail our Settlements on

the Malabar Coast, and elsewhere, in the East under the Direction of the late President and Council; and also to be our Commander in Chief, and Governor of our Castle and Wand of Bombay, and of the several Forts thereon, and of our Forts of Tdlicberry and An-VOL. 33.

jengo, and of all and singular other the Forts, Territo- East India ties, and Jurisdictions* belonging the reunto, and of all Affairs, the Forces which now are, or hereafter may or shall be, employed for the Service of the said United Company, in the said Forts, Towns, and Places, or sent from thence by Land or Sea, and to execute all and every the Powers and Authorities thereunto appertaining, by Order and Direction of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being; and to continue in the Exercise of the same during our and their Pleasure, and until the contrary thereof shall be signified under- the Seal of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said Company, for the Time being:

And, to the End the said Thomas Hodges may be better enabled to order and manage all the Affairs of the said. Company, we do, by these Presents, constitute and ordain Mr. William Hornby to be Second of our Council of Bombay, next after our said President Thomas Hodges,

Mr. William Andrew Price to be Third, Mr. Thomas Whilehill to be Fourth, Mr. Peter Elwin Wrench to be Fifth, Mr.- Samuel Court to be Sixth, Mr. Daniel Draper to be Seventh, Mr. James Ryley to be Eighth, Mr.

Henry 'Moore to be Ninth, Mr. Razvfon Hart Boddam to be Tenth, Mr. Benjamin Jervis to be Eleventh, Mr.

Thomas"'Mtfyn to be Twelfth, and Mr. Nathaniel Stack-houseto be Thirteenth and last, of our said Council of Bombay, for governing and managing of all the said Company’s Affairs at Bombay and other the Places aforesaid, and governing the said Cattle and Wand of Bombay, and all other our Forts, Factories, and Settlements, within any the Territories and Places aforesaid: And we do hereby give and grant unto our laid President,

Thomas Hodges, Esquire, and to our Council aforenamed, or the major Part of them, whereof our said President to be always One (the whole Council being duly summoned) full Power and Authority, from Time to Time^ to rule and govern all and every our Factors and Servants under the said Presidency, and all the Soldiers and Inhabitants of our said Castle and Island of Bombay, and elsewhere within the Places aforesaid, to administer lawful Oaths as Occasion shall require, and to do and perform all such other Acts and Things, and to use and exercise all such other Powers and Authorities, as the said President and his Council, in their several and respective Places, where the said United Company have, or fiiail have, Factors, or any Places of Trade, are authorized to do, according to such Inflrudlions and Directions as they the said Thomas Hodges, our President and Council aforesaid, shall from Time to Time receive, under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, for the Time being. And we the said United Company do hereby order and require, all our Factors, Servants, Officers, and Soldiers, within the Limits of the said Presidency, and all the People and Inhabitants of our said Island and Castle of Bombay, or any other our Forts, Places, or Colon, is$, within the said Presidency, to conform, fub-mit, and yield due Obedience unto the said Thomas Hodges, our.President and Governor, and his Council accordingly. And, forasmuch as it is altogether ne-ceffai y, that, in cafi; of the Death or R^moyal of the said Thomas Hodges,o\sx Presidency should be provided for the Defence and Government thereof; we do therefore, by these Presents, ordain and appoint, that ifi such same the said William Hornby shall immediately be, and ifucceed in the Place and Charge of, Prefi-. dent and Governor of Bombay aforesaid, in as full *nd ample Manner, and with as large and ample Powers, Privileges,' and Authorities, as are hereby granted unto the said Thomas Hedges, until our, or the Court of Directors for the Time being as aforesaid, their further Pleasure be known therein. In Witness whereof, we the said United Company have cauled our Common Seal

GoO£

84£

26° Mail

A. 1772

lUft India Seal to be affixed to these Presents, the Eighteenth Affairs. Day of March, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His most Excellent Majesty, George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight.

s:

(l. s.)

By Order of the Court of Directors of the said United Company.

P. Michelle Secretary.

Extract of the Company’s General Letter to Bombay, dated 18th March 1768.

Thomas Hodges, Esq; having succeeded to the Chair at your Presidency, agreeable to our Orders of the iyrh May 1766, you will receive by the Ship Royal Captain, now under Dispatch for Bombay, a Commission under the Company’s Seal, configuring him President and Governor, and the following Persons of Council, for managing our Affairs at Bombay; viz.

Thomas Hodges, Esquire, President and Governor;1

Mr. William Hornby, Second.

Mr. William Andrew Price, Third.

Mr. Thomas Whit chill. Fourth.

Mr. Peter Elwin Wrench, Fifth.

Mr. Samuel Courts Sixth.

Mr. Daniel Draper, Seventh. / , '

Mr. James Ryley, Eighth.

Mr. Henry Moore, Ninth.

Mr. Rawjon Hart Boddant, Tenth.

Mr. Benjamin Jervis, Eleventh.

Mr. Thomas Mofiyn, Twelfth.

Mr. Nathaniel Stackhouse, Thirteenth.

it

The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

To kll to whom these Presents shall come, fend Greeting.

Know ye. That the said United Company, reposing especial Trust and Confidence in the Fidelity, Prudence, Justice, and Circumspection, of Roger Carter, Esquire, have made, constituted, and ordained, and by these Presents do make, constitute, and ordain, the said Roger Carter to be President and Governor of and for all our Affairs on the Island of Sumatra, in the East Indies, and also to be our Commander in Chief of our Fort Marlborough at Bencoolen, on the said Island, and all the Territories thereunto belonging, and of all and singular the Towns, Forts, Factories, and Settlements, Territories, Countries, and Jurisdictions thereof, and of all others which now are, or hereafter shall or may become subordinate thereto or dependant thereon, or shall or may be acquired and annexed to the said Presidency, although not situate on the said Island of Sumatra, and of all the Forces which now are, or hereafter may or shall be, employed for the Service of the said United Company, in the said Forts, Towns, Places, and Acquisitions; giving and hereby granting to the said 'Roger Carter, full Power and Authority to execute all and every "the Powers and Authorities appertaining to the said Offices or Places of President and Gqvetnor, and Commander in Chief as aforesaid, in as full and ample Manner, and with the like Powers 'and Authorities, as all or any of our Presidents arid tariiVpbrs, and Commanders in Chief of any other of dur Forts, Fad-tefritjs,'Plates, and Settlements, in the East Indies afor'e-said, are empowered by us to do, by and accoritfng to such Orders and Directions as have been, frcjish Time to Time, established by the Court of f)ire&pfs of the said United Company, foy the Government and Conduct of their Affairs on the said Island of Sumatra, or as he the said Roger Carter shall now, or at

any Time hereafter receive, under the Seal of the said United Company, or under the Hands of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or any Thirteen or more of them, and to continue in the Exercise of the same during our and their Pleasure, and until the contrary thereof shall be signified under the Seal of the said United Company, or under the Hands of Thirteen or mone of the Court of Diredbrs of the said Company, for the Time being. And, to the End the said Roger Carter, Esquire, may be better enabled to order and manage all the Affairs of us the said Company, as our said President and Governor as aforesaid, we do by these Presents constitute and ordain Richard Wyatt, Esquire, to be Second of our Council at Fort Marlborough aforesaid, next after our said President Roger Carter, Mr. Joseph Darvall to be Third, Mr. William Norris to be Fourth, Mr. Richard Preston to be Fifth, Mr. Robert Hay to be Sixth, Mr. Alexander Hall to be Seventh, Mr. Henry Idklzto be Eighth, and Mr. Christophtr Watson to be Ninth and last, of our said Council at Fort Marlborough, for managing and governing all the said Company’s . Affairs upon the said Island of Sumatra, the said Fort Marlborough and Town of Bencoolen, and all other our Forts, Factories, and Settlements, on the Island aforesaid, and which now are, or shall or may hereafter become dependant thereon and subordinate thereto, although not situated on the said Island. And we do hereby give and grant unto our said President and Governor, Roger Carter, and to our Counsel aforenamed, or the major Part of them, (the whole Council being duly summoned) full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to r«le and govern all and ever}7 our Factors and Servants, under the said Presidency, and all the Soldiers and Inhabitants of our said Fort Marlborough and Town of Bencoolen, and elsewffiere, within the Places aforesaid, to adminster lawful Oaths, as Occasion shall require, and to do and perform all such other A6Is and Things, and to use and exercise all such other Powers and Authorities, as any of the said United Company’s Presidents and Governors, and their Councils in their fevc-ral and respective Places, where, the said United Company have, or shall have, Fadors, or any Places of Trade, are authorized to do, according to such Orders and Instructions, as he, the said Roger Carter, our President and Governor, and Council aforesaid, shall from Time to Time receive, under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, for the Time being; and we, the said United Company, do hereby order and require all our Fadors, Servants, Officers, and Soldiers, within the Limits of the said Presidency, and all the People and Inhabitants of our said Fort Marlborough and Town of Bencoolen, or any other our Forts, Places, or Colonies, within the said Presidency, to conform, submit, and yield due Obedience unto the said Roger Carter, our President and Governor, and his Council accordingly. In Witness whereof, the said United Company have caused their Common Seal to be affixed to these Presents, this Fourth Day of February, in the First Year of the Reign of His most Excellent Majesty George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the* Year of oaf Lord One thousand Seven hundred and

O' . ‘ < 10 , J

Sixty-one.

(l s )

Sighed by Order of the Court of Directors of the said United Company.

<,v Robr James, Secretary.

4 —; 4' 1 1* *

' Extract of the Company’s General Letter to Fort Marlborough, dated 4th February 1761.

91. As Fort Marlborough is now become an independant Settlement, our Affairs are to be conduct

* " hv.

11 Geo. III.

26° Mail

849

by a Governor, or President and Council, in the same and ordain Joseph , Esquire, to be Second of East India

Manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as our Council at Fort Marlborough aforesaid, next to, our other Presidencies. We have accordingly consti- and immediately after, our said President Rickard Wyatt,

tuted and appointed the following named Gentlemen to be our said Governor, or President, and Council; and herewith you will receive a Commission, under the Company’s Seal, for the said Purpose; viz.

Roger Carter, to be Mr. Rithard Wyatt, Mr. Joseph Darvall, Mr. William Norris Mr. Richard Preston, Mr. Robert,

Mr. Alexander Halt, Mr. Henry I dell,

Mr. Christopher,

Governor and President; Second in Council. Third.

Fourth.

Fifth.

Sixth.

Seventh.

Eighth.

Ninth and last.

Mr. Robert Hay to be Third, Mr. George Scott to be Fourth, Mr. Robert Naim to be Fifth, Mr. John Herbert to be Sixth, Mr. Hew Steuart to be Seventh,

Mr. John Guild to be Eighth, and Mr. Stokeham

Donfton to be Ninth and last, of our said Council at Fort Marlborough, for managing and govern' ing all the said Company’s ~'

Island of Sumatra, the said

Town of Bencoolen, and all

tones, and Settlements, on and which now are, or come dependant thereon.

Affairs upon the said Fort Marlborough, and other our Forts, Fac-the Island aforesaid; shall or may hereafter be-and subordinate thereto, al-

though not situated on the said Island. And we do

hereby give and grant unto our said President and The United Company of Merchants of England trading Governor, Richard Wyatt, and to our Council afore-

tO the East Indies. J ~c "L‘

To all to whom these Presents shall come, fend Greeting.

Know ye. That the said United Company, reposing especial Trust and Confidence in the Fidelity, Prudence,

Justice, and Circumspection, of Richard Wyatt, Esquire, have made, constituted, and ordained, and by these Presents do make, conftltute, and ordain, the said Richard fVyatt to be President and Governor of and for all our Affairs on the Island of Sumatra in the East Indies, and also to be our Commander in Chief of

our Fort Aefetrtborough, at Bencoolen, on the said Island,

and all the Territories thereunto belonging, and of all and Angular the Towns, Forts, Factories, and Settlements, Territories, Countries, and Jurisdictions thereof, and of all others Which now are, or hereafter shall or may become subordinate thereto, of dependant thereon, or shall' or may be acquired and annexed to the said Presidency, although not situated on the said Island of Sumatra, and of all the Forces which now are, or hereafter may or shall be, employed for the Service of the said United Company, in the said Fbrts, Towns,

Places, and Acquisitions, from and after the Day that Roger Carter, Esquire, now in Charge of our said Government and Presidency, is ordered and directed in the General Letter to the Presidency aforesaid, under the Hands of the major Part of the present Court of Directors of the said Company, bearing even Date with these Presents, to resign and yield up the said Government and Presidency is aforesaid to Richard Wyatt, Esquire;

giving, and hereby granting, to the said Richard Wyatt,

full Power and Authority to execute all and every the Powers and Authorities, appertaining to the said Offices or Places of President and Governor, and Commander in Chief a9 aforesaid, in as full and ample Manner, and with the like Powets and Authorities, as all, or any of our Pwfidetits and Governors, and Commanders in Chief of any other of our Forts, Factories, Places, and Settlements, in the East Indies aforesaid, are empowered by us to do, by and according to such Orders and Dias have been, from Time to Time, established

named, or to the major Part of them (the whole Council being duly fuirtmoned) full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to rule and govern all and every our Factovs and Servants under the said Presidency, and all the Soldiers and Inhabitants of our laid Fort Marlborough, and Town of Bencoolen, and elsewhere, within the Places aforesaid, to administer lawful Oaths as Occasion shall require, and to do and perform all such other Acts and 1 hings, and to use and exercise all such other Towers and Authorities, as any of the said United Company’s Presidents and Governors, and their Councils, in their several and respective Places, where the said United Company have, or shall have, FaCfors, or any Places of Trade, are authorized to do, according to such Orders and Instructions, as he the said Rickard Wyatt, bur President and Governor, and Council aforesaid, shall from Time to Time receive under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, for the Time being. And we, the said United Company, do hereby order and require all our Factors, Servants, Officers and Soldiers, within the Limits of the said Presidency, and all the People and Inhabitants of our said Fort Marlborough, and Town of Bencoolen, or any other our Forts, Places, or Colonies, within the said Presidency, to conform, submit, and yield due Obedience unto the said Richard Wyatt, our President and Governor, and his Council accordingly: And foraf-rnuch as it is altogether necessary, that, in case of the Death or Removal of the said Richard Wyatt, our Presidency should be provided for the better Defence and Government thereof, we do therefore by these Presents ordain, and appoint, that in such Case, the said Joseph Darvall, Esquire, shall immediately be and succeed in the Place and Charge of President and Governor of Fort Marlborough aforesaid, in as full and ample Manner, and with as large and ample Powers and Authorities, as are hereby granted unto the said Richard Wyatt, until our, or the Court of Directors for the Time being as aforesaid, their further Pleasure be known therein. In Witness whereof, we the said

by the Court of Directors of the kid United Company, United Company have caused our Common Seal to for the Government and Conduct of their Affairs on the be affixed to these Presents this Fifteenth Day of fold Island of Sumatra-,oras he, the said Richard Wyatt, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His most Ex-

thall now, or at any Time hereafter, receive under the Majesty the Third, by the Grace of

Seal of the said United Company, or under the Hands God, King of Great France, and

of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or any Thirteen or more of them, and to continue in the Exercise of the same during our and their Pleasure, and until the contrary thereof shall be signified under the Seal of the said United Company, or under the Hands of Thirteen or more of the Court of Directors of the said Company, for the Time being: And, to the End the said Richard Wyatt, Esquire, may be better enabled to order and manage all the Affairs of us the said Company, as our said President and Governor as aforesaid, we do, by these Presents, constitute Von. 33 '

fender of "the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

(l. s.)

Signed by Order of the Court of Directors of the said United Company.

Rob1. James, Secretary.

Extract of the Company’s General Letter to Fort Marlborough, dated the 15th January 1766.

Having made out a Commission under the Company’s

10 G Seal,

850

2 6° Mail.

A. 1772

ik

Vs —

East India Seal, bearing Date the same Day with this Letter, con-Affairs. firming the Appointment of Richard Wyatt, Esquire, to be President and Governor, and the other Persons to be Counsellors in the Order they are named; we fend the same by the Havanttah, and an attested Copy thereof by the Hawke.

APPENDIX. N* 2.

Lift of Copies of the several Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers to the East India Company, respecting their Presidency at Fort William in Bengal, from the Year 1756 to 1766, both Years inclusive; which are in Possession of the House.

N° 1. Treaty executed by the Nabob Serajah Dowla, and Agreements of the President and Select Committee, and Colonel Clive, on the Part of the Company, in Fe* bruary 1757.

2. Perwannahs from Nabob Serajah Dowla, for erecting a Mint, and for the Currency of Business, and Copy of his Duftuck, dated in March 1757.

3. Treaty between Nabob Jaffier Ally Khan and the Company, in June 1757.

4. General Sunnud from the Nabob Jaffier Ally Khan, for Currency of the Company’s Business, and relating to the Mint, dated 15th July 1757.

5. Perwannah from Nabob Jaffier Ally Khan, for Currency of Gold and Silver coined in the Company’s Mint at Calcutta, dated the 28th of July

1757*

6. Perwannah from Jaffier Ally Khan, relating to the Zemindarry of the Lands, South of Calcutta, granted to the Company by the Treaty with the said Nabob, dated in December 1757.

7. Perwannah from Nabob Jaffier Ally Khan, granting to the Company the foie Purchase of the Saltpetre, produced in the Province of Bahar, dated in March

n 58- .

8. Sunnud from the Dewan of the Subah of Bengal, for the Zemindarry of the Lands granted to the Company by Meer Jaffier Ally Khan, dated in December

1758,

9. Sunnud from the Dewan of Bengal, granting the free Tenure of Calcutta, &c. to the Company, dated in December 1758.

10. Treaty between Nabob Meer Mahomed Coffim Ally Khan, and the Company, dated 27th September 1760.

n. Sunnuds from Nabob Meer Mahomed Coffim Khan, granting to the Company the Lands of Burd-wany Midnapore, and IJlamabad, also the Chunam produced at Silhet; for Three Years, dated in October 1760.

12. Treaty between the Company and Nabob Meer Jaffier Ally Khan, and Articles demanded by the Nabob, and agreed to by the Governor and Council, dated 10th July 1763.

13. Nabob Jaffier Ally Khans Note, for Payment of Five Lacks per Month, for Expences of the Company’s Troops, during the War with Shujah ul Dowla, dated 16th December 1764.

14. Proposals made by the King Shah Aalum to Major Munro, and Articles proposed by the Governor and Council to be executed by the King; also Firmaun from the King granting the Gauzee poor Country to the Company; the Letter dated the 29th of December 17*4.

15. Treaty between the Company and Nabob Nud-

jum ul Dowla, in February 1765. r'

16. General Firmaun from the King Shah Aalum, granting to the Company the Dewanny of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, dated 12th August 1765,

17. Firmaun from the King Shah Aalum, granting

the Dewanny of Bengal to the Company, dated 12th August 1765.

18. Firmaun from the King Shah Aalum, granting the Dewanny of Bahar to the Company, dated 12th August 176 5.

19. Firmaun from the King Shah Aalum, granting the Dewanny of Orixa to the Company, dated 12th August 1765.

20. Firmaun from the King Shah Aalum, confirming to the Company the Chucklees of Burdwan, Midnapore, and Chittagong, and the 24 Purgunnahs of Calcutta, See. before ceded to them by the Nabobs Jaffier Ally Khan and Coffim Ally Khan, dated 12th August 1765,

21. Treaty between Nabob Shuja ul Dowla, Nabob Nudjum ul Dowla, and the Company, dated 16th August

1765-

22. Agreement between the King Shah Aalum and the Company, relating to the Tribute to be paid to him from the Revenues of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, dated 19th August 1765.

23. Agreement between the Nabob Nudjum ul Dowla, and the Company, relating to the Allowance to be paid him for the Support of the Nizamut.

Grants relating to Lord Clive s Munfub and Jaghire.

N° 1. Sunnud from the King Aulum Geer, appointing Colonel Clive a Munfubdar, dated about December 1757

2. Nabob Meer Jaffier Ally Khans Perwannah for the Payment of Colonel Clive's Jaghire, dated in July 1757-

3. Sunnud from the Nabob Nudjum ul Dowla, for the Reversion in Perpetuity of Lord Clives Jaghire to the Company, dated 23d June 1763.

4. Firmaun from the King Shah Aalum, confirming the Reversion in Perpetuity to Lord Clive's Jaghire to the Company.

T]ie Royal Phirmaund granted by his Majesty Fuz-

zuckfeer, under his Seal, and the Vizier’s Syad Abidulla

Cautu

To all Governors, Officers, Jaggeerdars, Phoufdars, Chohedars, Chokeys, Hororeys, Jemidars, and all who bear Posts under the King at present, or shall hereafter, in the Subahs of Bengal, Oraffia, Hughly, and elsewhere within these Limits, being in Hopes of the Royal Favour; Know, for in this joyful Time, when all is prof-perous, and Victories daily happen, that Mr. John Sermon and Coja Seer baud, Gomaftahs, for the honourable East India Company, have petitioned to my high Throne of Justice, that agreeable to Shaw Jahans (whom God has taken to himself, and given a Place in Heaven) Nusjhan and the former Sunnods, the English Company may carry on their Commerce, throughout the whole Country, exempt from Duties (except Surat) in lieu of which. Three thousand Rupees is annually paid a Pifhcafti into the Treasury at Hughly, therefore we are in Hopes according to these former Sunnods, we shall be favoured and granted a Phurmaund.

I now direct and command, that whatever Goods or other Things the Company’s Gomaftahs may (throughout my Dominions) either bring or carry away, by Land or by Water, have free Egress and Regress, exempt from any Duties; and in the same Manner they may buy or fell at their own Liberty; in winch Consideration, the Three thousand Rupees is to be annually paid a Pifhcafti and no more; and further command, That, if in any Place, any of the Company’s Goods should be stole, you are to make ftrid; Search after them, that they be restored, and the Thieves taken and brought to Justice, and at whatever Place the Company have where they buy and sell, in what is right, you are to assist them, and not let them be abused; as also, from any Merchant, Weaver, or others, a just Balance is due, you are, agreeable to Justice, to fee paid, so

that

12 Geo. III. 26° Mail;851

that no Injustice is done to any of the Company’s Gomaftahs, and on any Boat, either their own or hired, there is to be no Customs demanded on them.

And it is petitioned, that the Subahs petty Duans demand the Sight of the Original Sunnod, as also one under the Nabob’s Seal, and another under his Duan’s Seal: The carrying the Original one Way where is troublesome; therefore, are in Hopes that a Copy under the Cazee’sSeal shall be regarded, and the Original one not infilled on, and likewise no Occasion to shew the Nabob’s and Duan’s at all: Calcutta, which is the Company’s Factory, it is requested, That Soota Loot a and Govindpore, (in the Country of Ameerabad, in the Province of Bengal) which Places the Company formerly bought of Jemmedar, the Revenues 1195.6 are annually paid, and furthermore Thirty-eight Towns, whose annual Revenues are 812;.8 Rupees, which lie near Calcutta, we humbly beg you will grant us the Jem-midarry of, the above Rents shall be duly paid. < ' His Royal Pleasure, which is always Hand in Hand with Justice, commands That a Copy of the original Sunnod, under the high Preeftat s Seal shall be regarded: The Towns bought formerly I acquiesce to the Thirty Towns, I give you the Jem'midarry off like-wile, but you mull buy them and satisfy the Owner, the Duatt Suba will not impede you.

And it is petitioned, that ever since the Reign of Auringzebe (whom God has placed in Heaven) our Cherapatum Rupees in all the Provinces pass for leis than Value, notwithstanding the Silver is the same as the Surat Rupees, in which we are great Sufferers; therefore beg you will order, if the Silver be equal with the Surat, that, they shall not pass for less than Value:

And it is further petitioned, if any of the Company’s Debtor or Gomaftahs elope, that they be seized and return to the Chief, and that Phowfdarry Customs and all others, which have been forbid, be not taken, as our Gomaflah and Imahts are greatly distrcfled by them, they being demanded.

It is peremptorily commanded,' that from this 5 Son for Year, if, the Cherapatam BM^ees be equal with the Surat, tKfaf they do not pals iov less than Value; and if any Debtor or Gomaflah elope, that they be taken and delivered to their Chief.

It is further petitioned, that the Company, having Factories in Bengal, OraJJ'a, and willing to make some in

other Places, are in Hopes, that in whatever other Places we think convenient, that Forty Begahs of Land will be granted for that Ule; likewise as some times our Ships, by Storms and hard Weather, are drove ashore and stranded, the Government in those Places by Force seize and plunder the Goods, and in other Places a Quarter is demanded; and further petition thelfland of Bombay, a Company’s Settlement, where the Portuguese Coin is current, if approved and an Order given, we will coin Sicca Rupees there as we do at Cherapatam.

It is commanded, as Land was before given to make Factories, that it shall be now given to make them in other Places; and as the are People that have

made Dwellings in my Country, and trade in my Cities where I am, and have formerly received Sunnods to free them from all Duties and Customs; therefore you mull, in case of any of their Ships being call away, or by Mistake go to your Port, protect them, and take Care of their Goods; and likewise that Sicca Rupees be coined at Bombay, and pals current as Siccas do.

Agreeable to all that I have ordered, commanded and wrote in this Phurmaund, must be punctually complied with and not deviated from, nor demand a new Sunnod every Year, but regard this.

Dated the 27th of

5 Son of Year of his Reign.

Vol. 33.

Copies of PhirmiunS, Hufbullhookurris, &c. 1717. Bast India N° 1. Copy of a Hulbullhookum, under the Seal of Affairs, the (Cootbullmoolk*) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla the valiant,

the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse,

Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that are at present, or hereafter may come, throughout all the Provinces of the conquered Empire; Know yee, that at this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. , for

and in Behalf of the English Company, have,- through Interceflions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That in several Ports the Company have Fattories, where English Men reside, buying and selling, and there are some Places and Aurcngs likewise where English Men can’t be sent; for which Reason they make Agreements, and fend their Money by the Hands of the Merchants of this Country, to buy Goods for them:

They hope that Orders may be given to the King’s Mutfuddys (Officers) that whosoever so going and coming with the Dustick of the Chief of their Factory, be not hindered and molested. It is commanded. That a List be taken from under the Seal of the Chief of the Factory, and according to which, that you give Sunnods under your own Seal, for which -Reason this Hulbullhookum is issued out, that you do, pursuant to the great Command, take a List from under the Seal of the Chief of their Factory; and according to which, give Sunnods under your own Seals. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N® a. Copy of a Hulbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Court-, the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth j as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that at present are, or hereafter may come, throughout all the Provinces of the conquered Empire; Know yee. That at this Instant Mr. John Surmau, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the EnCompany, have, through Interceflions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth.

That in the Provinces of Bengal, Bdhar, and Oudeija, the Company have Factories, and that in other Provinces they may likewise have Liberty to settle other Factories: they hope, that in whatsoever Place they have a Mind to settle a Factory, they may have 40 Begaes of Ground given them for the lame. It is ordered that they have according to Custom of their Factories in other Subahships; and they have obtained a gracious Phirmaun, for which Reason this Hulbullhookum is issued out, that you do, pursuant to the great Command, let them m any Place settle new Factories according to the Custom of their other Factories. Regard this well. Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 3. Copy of a Hulbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime IJdinifter; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun-, the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that at present are, or hereafter may come throughout all Ports and Provinces of the conquered Empire; Know yee. That at this Instant Mr. John Surman, Ceja and Mr.

Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through Interceflions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty,

Setting forth. That in any Port and Subahship, the Company’s Gomaftahs going backwards and forwards The Pole Star of the Empire.

by

851

26° M.

A. 1772.

East India by Land and Water to buy and sell, if any thing Adairs. ft^ouid be stole, which God forbid, they hope for strict Orders to be given you, that you take Care that the Zemeendars, tec. of the Place, where such Goods are stolen, do thoroughly assist in getting them again; and that the Goods be returned to the right Owner and due Punishment be inflicted on the Robbers. It is accordingly commanded, for which Reason this Hufbull-hookum is issued out, that you do, pursuant to the eat Command, if in any Place, any thing should be olen, thoroughly assist in getting it again, and return it to the right Owners; and let due Punishm«it be inflicted on the Rogues. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the $th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 4. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horle, true to his Friends; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that at present are, or hereafter may come throughout all the Provinces of the conquered Empire; Know yee, That at this Instant Mr. John Surman, Co]a Surhaud, and Mr. Steven-/on, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have through Interceflions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth, That the Rupees coined in Madrass Mint receive some Discount before received into the King’s Trea-furies of ail Subahships, although they are of the same Fineness and Goodness with Surat, whereby they are great Losers; they hope Orders may be given, in case they are made the same as those at Surat and other Places, that there be no Discotint oh them, and that they be received current, as all other Siccas are. It is commanded* that from the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, in calc they are made the same Fineness and Goodness with Surat Siccas, that there be no Discount on them; they have obtained a gracious Phirmaun, for which Reason this Hufbullhookum is issued out, that you do, pursuant to the great Command, from the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, in case Madrass Siccas are of the same Fineness and Goodness with Surat Siccas, receive them without any Discount. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 5. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, true to his Friends; as followeth;

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that at present are, or hereafter may come throughout all the Provinces of the Empire; Know yee, That at this Instant Mr. John Sunn an, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through the Interceflions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That in all Provinces, the Petty Duans, 13c. demand Sight of the original Sunnods and Perwannas, under the Seals of the Duans and Subas; and that the original Sunnods can’t without a great deal of Difficulty, be produced in every Subahship; they hope that a gracious Order may be issued out, commanding that a Copy from under the Seal of the Cauzee may suffice, and no Demahds made for the original Sunnods and Perwannas, under the Seals of the Duans and Subas It is accordingly ordered, that a Copy, from under the Seal of the Chief Cauzee be regarded; and they have obtained a gracious Phirmaun, for which Reason this Hufbullhookum is issued out; that you, pursuant to the great Command, have due Regard to the Copies of Sunnods relating to these People, under

the Seal of the Chief Cauzee. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 6. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syal Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, faithful Friend; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that at present are, or hereafter may come throughout all Ports and Provinces of the conquered Empire; Know yee, That at this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through Interceflions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That in many Places the Company’s Gomaftahs and Dealers are much troubled for Phirmaufh, tec. other Impositions laid on them: they hope Orders may be given, commanding that for Phirmauih, Phowfdarry, Zemeendarry, and all Manner of Impositions, they be unmolested; it is commanded, that all Manner of Impositions be universally forgiven; and they have obtained a gracious Phirmaun, for which Reason this Hufbullhookum is issued out, that you do, pursuant to the great Command, not molest and trouble the said Nation for any Manner of Impositions, for that is forgiven; that they may go on in their Business with Chearfulness and Satisfaction. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 7. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Batde, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that at present are, or hereafter may come at the Port of Surat, in the Province of Bengal, and all other Provinces throughout the whole Empire; KilRw yee. That at this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through Interceflions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That the Island of Bombay, in the Sea, in the said Island, European Siccas are current; they hope, from his Majesty’s Favour, that they may have there, as at Madrass, the Imperial Stamp on the Siccas coined there. It is commanded, that concerning the Currency of them you be wrote to, for which this Hufbullhookum is issued out; that you, conformable to the great Command, settle the Currency of the Rupees coined on that Island with the Imperial Stamp as all other Siccas are. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 8. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

May the honourable Hyder Cooli Caun be always in Safety.

At this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through Interceflions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth, That the English had a House in Surat for a Factory, which is now gon<* to Ruin; that they are uncapable of repairing it, till such Time that his Majesty is pleased to give it them; they hope that that House may be granted them, and without the City Four hundred Begaes of Ground, whereon they may make a House and Garden; and they will duly pay

the

12 Geo. IIL

26° Mali 853

the Rent of said Ground into the Treasury. It is ordered, that they have the old House to repair according to the Hindostan Architecture, but not to make

Bulwarks, or any Thing resembling Fortification, and not to make any Thing more than there is already to it: That in cale they do as aforesaid, let them receive no Obstructions. The Ground without the City, towards Nurboda Gate, in the Town of being taken in at the Walling of the City round, instead of which Ground, that they buy 150 Bagaes of Ground towards Autua, for which this Hufbullhookum is issued out; that, conformable to the great Command, you let them have the House to repair and live in on the Terms aforesaid, and 150 Bagaes of Ground for a House and Garden, which they buying, let them have according to ancient Custom, and receive no MoJeftation. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 9. Copy of a Hulbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer the

valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the If orfe. Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

May the honourable Cooli Caun be always in

Safety.

At this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja and

Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the Company, have, through Intercefiions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That the Company are Custom free throughout the whole Empire, excepting at the Port of Surat, and at the said Port, in the Reign of Sha Jahaun, they paid 2 per Cent. Custom; in the Time of 3 i per Cent.; and in the Reign of Ska Alam 2 i per Cent, was and is at present paid, upon Account of Abuses and Injustice of the Mutfuddys there; they have been for these Three Years forced to withdraw their Factory from that Place; they hope, according to Custom of other Provinces, and at the Port of Hugely, they may at the Port of Surat pay a yearly Pitlicalh of Ten thousand Rupees, in lieu of Custom, It is accordingly commanded, and they have obtained a gracious Phirmaun, for which Reason this Hulbullhookum is issued out; that you do, conformable to the great Command, receive a Pilhcalh of Ten thousand Kupees annually, instead of Custom at the Port of Surat; and that they be Custom free, and called upon for no other Account whatsoever. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon the jth Year

of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° to Another Hulbullhookum, the same as above. Word for Word, directed to all Mut-luddys, that at present arc, or hereafter may come in the Province of Abaud, at the

Port of Surat Royat Burzomch, in the Province aforesaid.

; 11. Copy of a Hulbu'ilhookum, under the Seal

of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Cam-, the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys, that at present are, or hereafter may come at the fortunate Port of Surat-, Know yee, at this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr.

Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through Intercefiions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That the English had a House in Surat, for a Factory, which is now gone to Ruin; that they are -uncapable of repairing it till such Time his Majesty is pleased to give it them: They hope that that House Vot. 33.

may be granted them, and without the City 400 Bagaes of Ground, whereon they may make a House and Garden; and they will duly pay the Rent of the said Ground into the Treasury. It is commanded,

That they have the old House to repair according to the Hindostan Architecture, but not to make Bulb-works or any Thing resembling Fortification, and not to make any Thing more than there is already to it:

That in case they do as aforesaid, let them receive no Obstructions. The Ground without the City; towards Nurboda Gate, in the Town of Boomkey, being taken in at the Walling of the City round, instead of which Ground, that they buy 150 Bagaes of Ground towards Aulua, for which Reason this Hulbullhookum is issued out; that conformable to the great Command, you let them have the House to repair on the Terms as aforesaid, and 150 Bagaes of Ground for a House and Garden, which they buying, let them have according to ancient Custom, and receive no Molestation. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 12. Copy of a Hulbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla the

valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth } as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that are at present, or hereafter may come in Bengal, at Curreemabaud Know yee. That at this Instant Mr. John Coja

Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through Intercefiions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth, That formerly in the Mints of Rajamall and Dacca, the Company’s Gold and Silver were coined. It is now some Time since, that a Curreemabaud (Muxoodavad) the Mint has been settled; they hope, according to former Custom, to have the Privilege of coining the Company’s Money there, and that the Mint Mutfuddys make no unaccustomary Demands; and that in the Season, when other Merchants Moneyare coining, they may have Three Days in the Week for coining of the Company’s Money. It is commanded,

That you accordingly settle; for which Reason this Hulbullhookum is wrote; that you do, according to former Custom, settle the coining of the Company’s Gold and Silver in the Mint of Curreemabaud-, and in the Season when other Merchants Goods is coined, if it be not against the King’s Interest, let them have Three Days in the Week. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 13. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun-, the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse: Friend full of Truth, as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that at present are, or hereafter may come in the Province of Bengal, at the Port of Hugely, in the Provinces of Behar and Oudeifa-, Know yee, That at this Time Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth, That throughout the whole Empire the Company are Custom free, excepting at the Port of Surat; and that according to Sultan Azzeim Sha Behauder, his and former Sunnods, they pay a Pifhcafh of R‘ 3000 yearly, in lieu of Custom at the Port of Hugely: They hope, from the Imperial Favour, to obtain a gracious Sunnod according to the Tenor of former Sunnods. It is accordingly ordered, and they have obtained a gracious Phirmaun;

10H for

East India for which Reason this Hufoullhookum is issued out;

Affairs. that y0U jo know, pursuant to the great Command, this Nation is free from all Custom, and that you do let them go on in their mercantile Affairs without Mo-leftation, and receive a Piihcalh of 11* 3000 annually at Hugely, in lieu of Custom. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5 th Year of his Majesty’s Reign

N° 14. Copy of a Huflbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Iforfe, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

May the honourable Acratrr Cam live in Safety.

At this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth, That in the Mints at Rajamall and Dacca, the Company’s Gold and Silver were coined; it is now some Time since that at Curreemabaud (Muxoodavad) the Mint has been settled; they hope, according to former Custom, to have the Privilege of coining the Company’s Money there; and that the Mint Mutfuddys do not make any unaccustomary Demands, only taking the Mint Charges as customary; and that in the Seaton when other Merchants Money are coined, they may hive Three Days in the Week for the coining of the Company’s Money. It is commanded that you accordingly settle; for which Reason this Hutbullhookuin is wrote; that you do according to former Custom settle the coining of the Company’s Gold and Silver, in the Mint at Curreemabaud; and in the Season of coining of other Merchants Money, if it be not against the King’s Interest, let them have Three Days in the Week. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 15. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidnlla Cauti; the Valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that are at present, or hereafter may come at Azzeemabaud (Patna) in the Province of Behar; Know yee, at this- Time Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr, Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, have, through Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth, That at the Place aforesaid it is some Time since the English Factory has been in a hired House; they hope for the House; of Meermuzzujfer, which being confiscated to the King, may be granted for their Residence. It is commanded that you be wrote to, if the said House is confiscated, that you let them have it for their Residence; they are not, at the Repairing of it, to build Bullworks, or any Thing like Fortifications, for that is forbidden by his Majesty; for which Reason this Hulbullhookum is issued out; that you do act pursuant to the great Command. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 16. Copy of a Hulbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that are at present, or hereafter may come at the Port of Chittigoam, at the Port of Gangam, &c. Ports in all Provinces throughout the whole Empire; Know yee, at this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, have, through Intercessions of the High Ministers,

presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That it sometimes happens English Ships meeting with Storms, are forced into Ports and drove ashore and wrecked; the Governors of those Ports, unjustly, in some Places, seize on all the Goods, and in other Places demand a Quarter Part Salvage; they hope for Orders to be given, commanding you to forbear molesting and doing them Injustice upon any Account whatsoever; but, on the contrary, to assist and help them as much as you can. It is commanded, That these People having their Factories in several Ports of the Empire, and Commerce to the Place of the Royal Residence; and having, by particular kingly Favours, obtained Phirmauns Custom free; that in the falving of their Goods and in shewing them Favour, there be duly and particular Care taken; for which Reason this Hufbulehookum is issued out; that you, pursuant to the great Command, do not molest and unjustly seize on their Goods; but on the contrary, aftift and shew them Favour. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 17. Copy of a Hulbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidnlla Caun; the /valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

May the honourable SaduttuUa Caun live in Safety.

At this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, hath, through Intercessions of the High Minister, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth, That the Zemeendars at the Port of Cuddalore, in the War of Chingee, did fend Powder, csfc. to the Assistance of the Rebels, for which liealon, at that Instant, pursuant to Aurengzeb's Orders, they bought Cuddalore, &c. other Towns, by which Means the Passages to the Rebels might be stopt; at present several rebellious Zemeendars molest and give them much Trouble there, they hope Orders may be given you, commanding that you assist them, that they may be able to punish such Rebels. It is according commanded; for which Reason this is wrote, conformable to the great Command, that you act pursuant to the great Command, when these People endeavours to punish such Rebels, to help and give them your duly Assistance. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 18. Copy of a Hulbullhookum, under the Sea of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

May the honourable Saduttalla Caun live in Safety.

At this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, hath, through Intercession of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty, Setting forth, That throughout the whole Empire, the Company are Custom free at Chinapatam (Madrass) in the Province of Hyderabaud, from the very first settling a FaCfory there, pay annually into the Treasury the Sum Pag* 1200; they hope it may be continued according to ancient Usage. It is found by the King’s Books, that at Chinapatam they do pay the aforesaid Sum into the Treasury. It is commanded, that it be there according to ancient Custom; and they have obtained a gracious Phirmaun ;for which Reason this Hufbull-hookum is issued; that you, pursuant to the great Command, do know that these People are Custom free, and not upon any Account whatsoever molest them, and receive at Chinapatam into the Treasury the Sum 1200 Pag* according to former Custom. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 19.

ia Geo. III. 2 6° Maii.855

N° 19. Copy of a Hufbilllhookum, under the Seal of the ( Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Abidulla the

valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

To all Mutfu»'dys in Government, that are at present, or hereafter may come in the Province of Hydera-baud-, Know yee, that at this Time Mr. John Coju Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of

the English Company, hath, through Intercessions of the

High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth, That the Zemeendars, at the Port of Cudda/ore in the War of did fend

Powder, £sV. to the Assistance of the Rebels; for which Reason, at that Instant, pursuant to s

Orders, they bought Cuddalore, other Towns, by which Means the Passages to the Rebels might be stopt; at present, several rebellious Zemeendars molest and give them much Trouble there; they hope Orders may be given you, commanding that you assist them, that they may be able to punish such Rebels. It is accordingly commanded; for which Reason this is wrote, conformable to the great Command, that you act pursuant to the great Command, when these People endeavours to punish such Rebels, to help and give them your duly Assistance. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zee/7tcdgc, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N° 20. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth: May the honourable A Caun live in Safety. At this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Companjr, hath, through Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That the Island of Din the Sea, near the Port

of Metchlipatam, in Pofiession of Aberam ,. a Re-

bel, said Rebel never paying the Rent of said Island, which amounts to Pag’ 7000 per Annum; in case the renting of it be granted the Company, they will settle a Factory, and inhabit, to the great Improvement of it; by which Means Merchants will be encouraged to go backwards and forwards to Metchlipatam. It is accordingly granted; for which Reason this Hufbullhookum is issued out, that you do, pursuant to the great Command, let the Company have the renting of said Island, and receive annually into the Treasury the accustomary Rent. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeeihedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Is*0 21. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth: To all Mutfuddys in Governmentrthat at present are, or hereafter may come in the Province of Hyder Abaud; K.now yee. That at this Instant Mr. John Coja

Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, hath, through Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty, Setting forth, That at the Port of the Company have a Factory for Vizagapatam, and Four other Towns near the Factory, they pay annually the accustomed Rent of R* 4862 into the Treasury of Sicca Cool Perwanna and Woodapunda, Two Towns, which

pay Rupees 900 yearly Rent, being too far from the Factory, they desire may be returned. It is.commanded, that of the Five Towns, those Two which they desire to relinquish be taken back; and that the other Three remain in their Possession as formerly; they have obtained a gracious Phirmaun; for which Reason this Hufbullhookum is issued out; that you do, pursuant (o the Vot. 33.

great Command, let Three of the Five Towns remain East India in their Hands, and receive the accustomed Rent from A"au:* them; and the other Two, which amounts to R* 900, take back into the Culfa. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeeihedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N" 22. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that are at present, or hereafter may come in the Province of Hyder Abaud; Know yee. That at this Instant Mr.

John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mt. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, hath, through Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That at the Time of the War of Chingee, for assisting the King’s Camp with Cannon and Provisions, as a Reward for which Service, Aurengzeb gave the English Company a Present of Five Towns, Trivatore, which remained in their Pofiession for a long Time. It is now the Third Year since the King’s Mutfyddvs there has seized on them: That they assisted against the Competitor Jahaundar Ska, and acted in Hugly pursuant to Orders, in helping Zeaude Cairn with Powder, Lead, £sV.; they hope they may be re-granted them. It is commanded that they be, according as in the Days of Aurengzeb; for which Reason this Hufbullhookum is ili'ued out; that you do let the said Towns remain in the Company’s Pofiession as in the Days of Aurengzeb. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeeihedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N# 23. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys in Government, that are at present, or hereafter may come in the Province of Hyder Abaudi at the Port of Metchlipatam in the said Province;

Know yee, by these Presents, that Mr. John Surman,

Coja Surhaud and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, hath, through Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth; That the Island of Divii, in the Sea, near the abovesaid Port, in pofiession of Aberam Pulligar, a Rebel, said Rebel never paying the Rent of said Island, which amounts to Pa* 7000 Annum. In case the renting of it be granted the Company, they will-settle a Factory, and inhabit there, to the great Improvement of it; whereby Merchants will be encouraged to go backwards and forwards to Metchlipatam. It is commanded accordingly; for which Reason this Hufbullhookum is issued out; that you do, pursuant to the great Command, let the Company have the renting of laid Island, and receive annually the accustomed Rent in the Treasury. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeeihedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N" 24. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla; the valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Horse, Friend full of Truth; as followeth:

May the Honourable Saduttulla Caun live in Safety.

At this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, hath, through Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That at the War of Chingee, for assisting the King’s Camp with Cannon and Provisions, as a Reward for

which

Kj

856 26° Maii. ’ ' A. 1772-

which Scfvice Aurtngzcb gave the Company a Present Seal ort them to complete them, which I hope in God of Five Towns, Trivatore, iAc. which remained in their will be in less than Ten Days Time, when Hull get Possession for a long Time; that it is mow the Third attested Copies under the Cauzee’s Seal, and forward Year since the King’s Mutfuddys have seized on them; them to you, till then rest with Satisfaction; 25 Per-that they assisted against the Competitor Jahaundar Sha, wanas being finiftied; inclosed comes Copies cr them and acted in Hugly pursuant to Orders, in helping Zeait- under the Cauzee’s Seal, which I hope will come safe to decaun with Powder, Lead, idc.; they hope they may be you; the Remainder 7 Perwannas are in the Hands of re-granted them. It is commanded that they be accord- Ray Bulihuud Duan Chpvlfa, which I hope in God in ing as in the Days of Aurengzeb; for which Reason this Days more will also be finiftied. I have acted in the Hulbullhookum is issued out; that you do let the said Company’s Affairs with my utmost Care and Diligence, Towns remain in the Company’s Possession, as in the and have performed more than were incumbent on me. Days of Aurengzeb. Regard this well. — Written the 9th Those Persons who talked and wrote about me arefruf-of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5 Year of his Majesty’s trated in their Notions concerning me, which I hope. Reign. when it pieces God that I arrive with you, to give a

clear Demonstration oft

N° 25. Copy of a Hufbulhookum, under the Seal

of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Bengali, Behar, and Oudeifa (Orixa) Phirmaun.

Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla Caun; the To all Governors and their Assistants, Intelligencers, valiant, the victorious in Battle, General of the Jageerdars, Phowfdars, Collectors, Guardians of the Horie, Friend full of Truth; as followeth; Ways, Keepers of Passages, and Zemeendars, that are To all Mutfuddys that are at present, or hereafter at present, or hereafter may come in the Provinces of tnay come in the Province of Hydaabaud', Know yee, by Bengali, Behar, and Oudeifa (Orixa) at the Port of these Prefen ts, That Mr. John Siam an, Coja Surhaud, and Hugly, &c. Ports in the Provinces aforesaid; by these Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, Presents, Know yee, from the Favour of the Imperial hath, through intercessions of the High Ministers, pre- Majesty, That at this Time of Conquest, and in this fented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting flourishing Reign, Mr. John Surman and Coja Surhaud, forth, That throughout the Empire, the Company are Gomafhtahs (Factors) of the English Company, hath Custom free at Chinapatam (Madrass) in the Province of humbly presented their Petition; Setting forth, That ac-Hyderabaud, from the very first, and settling a Factory cording to Sultan Azzeem Sha Behauder, his and former there, pay annually into the Treasury the Sum Pa* Sunnods, they are free of Customs throughout the whole 1200; they hope it may be continued as formerly. It conquered Empire, the Port of Surat excepted; and is found by the King’s Books, that at Chinapatam they that they do annually pay into the Treasury, at the do punctually pay the aforesaid Sum into the Treasury. Port of Hugly, a Pifhcafh of Three thousand Rupees in It is commanded, that it be there according to ancient lieu of Customs, they hope that, according to the Tc-Custom, and they have obtained a gracious Phirmaun; nor of former Sunnods, they may be favoured with a for which Reason this Hulbullhookum is issued out; that gracious Phirmaun confirming the m. Commanded and you, pursuant to the great Command, do know that Ordered, That all their mercantile Affairs, together with these People are Custom free, and not upon any Ac- their Gomafhtahs (Factors) have free Liberty in all Suba-count whatsoever molest them; and receive at Chinapa- ships to pass and repass to and fro, either by Land or tarn, into the Treasury, the Sum Pag* 1200 according Water, in any Port or District, throughout the several to former Custom. Regard this well. — Written the 9th Provinces aforesaid, and know they are Custom free, of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, that they have full Power and Liberty to buy and sell, at

their Will and Pleasure, and that there yearly be received A Letter from Coja Surhaud, at Dilly, to the into the Treasury a Pifhcafh of Three thousand Ru-honourable Robert Hedges, Esquire, President pees, as have been customary heretofore; that, if in any and Governor of Fort William. Received March Place, or at any Time, Robberies are committed on their 1717. Goods, they be assisted in the getting of them again;

I now fend inclosed Copies of Three Phirmauns that the Robbers be brought to Justice, and the Goods tome out, signed by the King; also Copies of Thirty be delivered to the Proprietors of them, in whatsoever Hufbullhookums; by periifing of which you will ob- Place they have a mind to settle a Factory, fairly to buy serve the Posture of our Negotiation, and that all the and fell Goods in, they have Liberty, and be assisted; Company’s Business is effected: That I have performed that on whomsoever Merchants, Weavers, isle. they what Business of the Company was incumbent on me; have any Demands on whatsoever Account, let them which is plainly demonstrated by the Copies herewith be aided, and their Debtors brought to come to a true and lent. What more shall occur, I shall advise of byano- fair Account, and be made to give their Gomafhtahs ther Cofiid, and fend Second Copies of all the inclosed (Factors) their right and just Demands; that no Person Papers. There is Two Perwannas, one to be directed to be suffered to injure and molest their Gomafhtahs (Fac-the Duan of Hyderabaud, concerning Divii Bland, and tors) wrongfully and unjustiy; and for Customs on hired (lie other relating to Vizagapatam, to be directed to the Boats (Cutbarrah), isic. belonging to them, that they Mutfuddys of Sicca Cool, which are not yet, wrote, be- be not in any Manner molested or obstructed. They cause their Names are not yet known; but Tomorrow further petition, that if the petty Duans of Subafhipt or next Day their Names will be known, when the Per- demand Sight of the original Sunnods and Perwannas, wannas will be wrote; and likewise what is to be wrote under the Seals of the Duans and Subas, the original on the Back of Two other Perwannas. 28 Maharam, Sunnods cannot possibly be produced in any Place the 5th Year. without a great deal of Difficulty, they desire that a

Copy, from under the Seal of the Chief Cauzce, be fulfil A Letter from Coja Surhaud to the honourable cient Sight of the original Sunnods not being demanded, Robert Hedges, Esquire, President and Governor nor they forced to take Sunnods and Perwannas under of Fort William. Received the 26th March the Duan and Suba, their Seals; that the renting of Cal-1717. " cutta, Sootuluta, and Govindpore, in the Purgana of Arx-

Under the 28th of the Moon Mali arum, the 5th Year eirabaud, &c. in Bengal, were formerly granted them, t>f his Majesty’s Reign, inclosed I fend foul Copies of and bought by Content from the Zemeendars of them, Three Phirmauns and 30 Perwannas, which at that and are now in Company’s Possession, for which they Time were not quite completed; since which the Three yearly pay the Sum R* 1195. 6*; that Thirty-eight Phirmauns are wrote over fair, sealed and signed by Towns more, amounting to R* 8121. 8. adjoining to the the King, and only waits for the Vizier’s affixing his aforesaid Towns, which they hope the renting of may

2 be

yXjoo^ie

12 Geo. III. 26° Maii.

}c granted and added to the others they are already possessed of; that they will pay Annually the same Amount of them; commanded that the Copy under the Seal of the Chief Cauzee be regarded; that the old Towns formerly bought by them, remain in their Hands as heretofore; and that they have the Renting of the adjacent Towns petitioned for, which they are to buy from the respective Owners of them, and that the Duan Subagive Permission: They still petition, That, from the Reign of Aurengzeb, MadrafsCoin were received into the Trea-

furies of Subaships for under Value, and are still; notwithstanding the y are full as valuable as Surat Rupees are, whereby they are great Losers; they hope the Imperial Order may be given for them to be received into the Treasuries as Surat Rupees are, in case they are as good; that any Person, being Servant to the Company, eloping from them, from whom Debts and Accounts are due, they desire, that whosoever so deserts, be delivered back to the Chief of their Factory; that their Gomafhtahs and Servants are molested and troubled for Phowfderry (abvabmumnua), &c. Impositions which they request they may be exempted from. Commanded and Ordered, That from the 5th Year of this Blessed Reign, if Madrass Rupees are made the same Goodness with Surat Siccas, there be no Discount on them; That whosoever of the Company's Servants, being Debtors, desert them, seize them, and deliver them to the Chief of their Factory; That they be not molested for Phirmaufhs (abvabmumnua), Impositions. They petition. That in Bengal, Behar, and (Orixa) the Company have Factories, and that in other Places they likewise design to settle Factoriesj they accordingly desire. That in any Place where they have & Mind to settle Factories, they may have Forty Begaes of Ground given them for the fame; That it often happens Ships at Sea meet with tempestuous Winds, and are forced into Ports, and are sometimes drove ashore and wrecked, the Governors of Ports injuriously seize on the Cargoes of them* and in some Places demand a Quarter Part Salvage-a That on the island of , belonging to

the JiMglish, European Siccas are current; they request.

That, according to the Custom of Madrass, they may at Bombay coin Siccas. Commanded and Ordered, That according to Custom of their Factories in other Suba-ships, execute these People, having their Factories in several Ports of the Kingdom, and Commerce to the Place of the Royal Relklence, and have obtained very favourable Phirmauns Custom free; let there be particular Care taken, that there be duly Assistance given them about Goods and Wrecks, on all Occasions, on the Ifiarni of Bombay; let there be the glorious Stamp on the Siccas coined there, passing them current, as all other Siccas are throughout the whole Empire. To all these render punctual Obedience, observing and acting pursuant to the Tenor of this gracious Pbirmaun, and not contrary in any respect whatsoever, nor demand Yearly new Sunnods. Regard this particularly well. — Written the zyth of the Moon Moburum, in the 5th Year of this glorious and ever happy Reign.

Hyderabaud (Madrass) Phirmaun.

To all Governors, and their Assistants, Intelligencers, Jageerdars, Phowfdars, Collectors, and Zemeendars, that are at present, or hereafter may come, in the Province of Hyderabaud. Know ye, by these Presents, from the Favour of the Imperial Throne, and that at this Time of Conquest, and in this flourishing Reign, Mr. John man, and Coja Surkaud, Gomafhtas (Fadlors) of die English Company, hath humbly presented their Petition; Setting forth. That throughout the Ports of Hyderabaud, the Company are Custom free, and at (Madrass) Chinapatam, they pay Pag* 1200 Annually in the Treasury; they define a gracious Phirmaun, that it may be at that Port as customary heretofore; and it accordingly appears, by the King’s Books, that they do punctually pay the abovesaid Sum, at Chinapatam, into the Vet. 33.

Treasury. Commanded and Ordered, that it be according to ancient Custom: Their Gomafhtahs (FaAors) going backwards and forwards with their Goods and Necessaries, throughout all the Ports of all Subaships, either by Land or Water, Know, they are Custom free; buying and selling, at their Will and Pleasure, let them receive no Obflrudions; That Pag* 1,200 at Chinapatam, be received as customary hereto-

fore, and that they be called upon for no other Account whatsoever; if at any Time, and in any Place, it should happen any thing belonging to the English be dole, thoroughly assist in the regetting of it, punifiring the Robbers according to Justice, return the Goods to the right Owners of them. In whatsoever Place they have a mind to settle Factory to buy and sell Goods, in that they have free Liberty, and be assisted upon all fair and just Accounts. On whoever Merchants, &c. they have any Demands, upon whatsoever Account, they be assisted, and their Debtors be brought to come to a true and fair Account; and that they be made to give their Gomalh-talis their just Demands, not suffering any Person to molest or hurt their Gomafhtahs wrongfully. They furthdt petition. That at the War of , for assisting in

fending Cannon and Provisions, Qc. to the King's Camp, as a Reward for their Service, gave

the Company Five Towns, , V. which re-

mained in their Possession for a long Time; that it is now Three Years since the King’s Mutfuddys (Officers) there has seized on them. In this glorious Reign, that they assisted against the Pretender Jahun Dar Sha, in acting in Hugly pursuant to the Imperial Orders, in helping Zeaudecaun with Lead, Powder, &c. and using their utmost Endeavours, they hope they may be returned to their Possessions as formerly. Commanded and Ordered, That as in the Time of Aureng, Possession be given them. They also petition. That the Company have a Settlement at the Port of Viz, for which and Four Towns more, near their Factory, they pay Annually R* 4862, into the Treasury of Sicca Cool, according to former Rights, and among the Towns aforesaid, Purwanna and Wooda PunTwo Villages, which

pay R‘ 900. Yearly Rent, being too far from the Factory, they desire may be returned. Commanded and Ordered, That of the Five Towns, those which they desire to relinquish be taken back, and that the other Three remain in their Possession as heretofore. They likewise petition. That the Petty Duans of Subaships demand Sight of the original Sunnods and Perwannahs, under the Seals of the Duans and Subas; That the original Sunnods cannot possibly be produced in every Place without a great deal of Difficulty; they humbly request. That a Copy from under the Seal of the Cauzee be sufficient, and no Demands made for Sight of the original Sunnods, nor the Duan and Suba infill, and give another thereby; That in the island of Bombay, belonging to the English, European Siccas are current; they hope from the Imperial Favour, that, according to the Custom of Chinapatam, there be coined, at Bombay, Siccas; That Servants belonging to the Company, becoming Debtors, deferring from them, desire that they who deserts, be returned back to the Chief of their Factory; That the Gomafhtahs, and Dealers of the Company, are much troubled for Phowfdaries (abvabmumnua), ©V. Impositions which they request may be repealed. Commanded and Ordered, That a Copy from under the Seal of the Chief Cauzee be sufficient; That on the island of Bombay, Siccas coined according to those of the Empire pass current throughout the whole Empire, as all other Siccas do; That whosoever of the Company's Servants, being Debtors, want to elope, seize them and deliver them back to the Chief of their Factory, and for that which is forbidden, Phowfflarry (abvabmumnua) they be not molested. They petition. That Chinapatam Siccas are received into the Treasuries of all Subaships with some Discount on them, notwithstanding the y are the feme Silver as those coined at the Port of Surat,

10 I by

Bast India Affairs.

F.ift India Affair*.

858 26° Mali. 1772.

by which they fu(lain great Loss; they hope, if in case they are of the same Goodness as those of Surat, Orders may be given, that they be received into the Trea-furies as Surat, l£c. Siccas are: That in Bengal, Ba/iar, Oudeifa, at Madrass, Vizagapalam, the Company have Factories; and that in other Places they may likewise settle Factories; they hope, that in whatever Place they do settle a Factory, they may have Forty Begaes of Ground given them for the fame: That Ships at Sea happening to meet with tempestuous Winds, are sometimes obliged to run alhore, and are wrecked, the Governors of Ports unjustly seize on the Cargoes of them, and in some Places demand a Quarter Part Salvage. Commanded and Ordered, That from the 5th Year of this glorious Reign, if Madra/s Siccas are made the same Finenels and Goodness with Surat Siccas, there be no Discount on them; that they have according to Custom of their Factories, in other Subaships. These People, having their Factories in several Ports of the Kingdom, and Commerce to the Place of the Royal Residence, and have obtained favourable Phirmauns, Custom free; take particular Care, that there be due Assistance given them about Goods and Wrecks. On all Occasions render punctual Obedience to all these Orders contained in this gracious Phirmaun, forbearing to act contrary, and not demand Annually new Sunnods. Regard this particularly well. — Written the 2d of the Moon Jajfar, in the 5th Year of this gracious Reign.

Ahomed Abaud (Surat) Phirmaun.

To all Governors and their Assistants, Intelligencers; to all Jageerdars, Phowfdars, Collectors, Guardians of the Ways, Keepers of Passages, and Zemeendars, that are at present, or hereafter may come in the Province of Ahomed A baud, at the fortunate Port of Surat, at Coyett; Be in Hopes of the Imperial Favour, and Know ye, by these Presents, that at this Time of Conquest, and in this victorious Reign, Mr. John Surman, and Coja Surliaud, Gcmafhtahs (Factors) of the English, hath presented thei,r Petition; Setting forth, That on the Goods of Englishmen, Customs throughout the whole conquered Empire, excepting at the Port of Surat, are pardoned at the said Port; in the Reign of SJia Jahaun they paid

2 per Cent. Custom, and in the Time of Aurengzeb

3 i per Cent. Custom was settled, being excused in all other Places; and in the Reign of Sha Alum 2{ per Cent. Custom was, and is at present, paid there, by Reason of the Opprcflions of the Mutfuddys there, they have been forced, for these Three Years, to withdraw their Factory from that Place. In the Provinces of Behar and Oudeifa, their Nation pay no Custom at the Port of Hugly-y in the Subaship of Bengal they Annually pay a Pilhcalh of Three thousand Rupees, in lieu of Custom; they hope to enjoy the Privilege according to the Custom of other Ports, at the Port of Surat, and pay a yearly Pifhcafh instead of Custom; they are willing and have agreed to pay Annually a Pi fhcafh of Ten thousand Rupees. Commanded and Ordered, That finee they, assent to pay a Yearly Pifhcafh of Ten thousand Rupees at the Port of Surat, receive it, and let them be called upon for no other Account whatsoever; their Gomafhtas (Factors) going backwards and forwards with their Goods and Necessaries throughout all the Ports of this Subaship, either by Land or Water, Know, they are Custom free, buying and selling at their Will and Pleasure, let them receive no Qbstructions, If at- any Time, and in any Place, it should happen that any Goods belonging to them should be loft, thoroughly assist in the getting of them, punishing the Rogues according to Justice, and the Goods return to the right Owners of them; in whatsoever Place they have a Mind* to settle a Factory, toi buy and sell Goods, in that they have free Liberty, and be assisted upon all fair and just Accounts* On whoever Merchants and others they have any Demands, upon

I 01

whatsoever Account, they be assisted, and their Debtors be brought to come to a true and fair Account, and be made to give the English their just Demands, not suffering any Person to moled and injure their Gomaflitahs wrongfully. They further petition, That the Petty Duans of Subaships demand Sight of the original Sun-nods and Perwanas, under the Seals of the Duans and Subas; that the original Sunnods cannot possibly be produced in every Place without a great deal of Difficulty; they request, That a Copy from under the Seal of the Cauzee be sufficient, and no Demands made for Sight of the original Sunnods, nor the Duan and Suba insist to give another thereby: That in the Bland of Bombay, belonging to the English, European Coin are current; they hope from the Imperial Favour, that according to the Custom of Madrass, there may be coined at Bombay, Siccas: That Servants belonging to the Company, becoming Debtors, deserting from them, desire that they who so deserts, be returned back to the Chief of their Factory: That the Gomaftitahs and Dealers of the Company are much troubled for Phowfdarry (abvabmumnua), t£c. Impositions which they request may be repealed. Commanded and Ordered, That a Copy, under the Chief Cauzee’s Seal, be sufficient: That on the Island of Bombay Siccas coined, according to those of this Kingdom, pass current throughout the whole Empire, as all other Siccas do; That whoever of the Company’s Servants, becoming Debtors, want to elope, seize them and deliver them back to the Chief of their Factory; and for that which is forbidden (abvabmumnua) Phowfdarry, iAc. they be not molested. They also petition, That in Bengal, Behar, and Oudeifa, the Company have Factories; and that in other Places they likewise design to settle Factories; they hope that in any Place where they settle a Factory, 40 Begaes of Ground may be given them for the lame; Ships at Sea happening to meet with tempestuous Winds, are sometimes obliged to run alhore and are wrecked, the Governors of Ports injuriously seize on the Goods of them, demanding in some Places a Quarter Part Salvage. Commanded and Ordered, That they have according to Custom of their Factories in other Subaships; these People having their Factories in several Ports of the Kingdom, and Commerce to the Place of the Royal Residence, and have obtained favourable Phirmauns Custom free;* take particular Care, that there be due Assistance given them concerning Goods and Wrecks on all Occasions. To all these Orders render Obedience, forbearing to act contrary to this gracious Phirmaun, nor every Year demand new Sunnods. Regard this particularly well. — Written the 4th of the Moon Suffar, in the 5th Year of this glorious Reign.

; i’U'Aj.tdj i* vni^T > hi-

A Letter from Coja Swrhaud, dated 3d of the Moon

Jamadul Ovid,.Xhe . 6th Year of His Majesty’s

Reign, to the honourable Robert Hedges, Esquire,

President, &c. Council. Received 7th April

1717 r

The 28th of the Moon Mohurrum, I lent you by my own Coffids foul Copies of Three Phirmauns, and 30 Perwannas, which was not then attested by the Cauzee; and under Date of the 23d of the Moon Rub-beellovull, Copies of Three Phirmauns, which only wanted the Vizier’s Seal to be affixed on them, to have perfected them without the Cauzee’s Seal; and also Copies of 25 Perwannas, completed and attested by the Cauzee, were inclosed and forwarded to you by my own Coffids.

The Three Phirmauns having the Vizier’s Seal put on them, has entirely perfected them. I have just now received them, Copies whereof, under the Cauzee of this Place, his Seal, are this Instant forwarded to you, which I trust will come safe to your Hands, and I congratulate the Company on this Occasion. Thanks be to

r’2 Geo. III. 26° Maii. 859

God, the Company’s Business is all quite finished according to their Desire.

The great Care and Trouble which I have taken in this Negotiation to fulfil my Promise to you is inexpressible; from the Time of Tamerlans to this Instant, no Nation have been able to procure such a Phirmaun; three or four Times more than what you desired are obtained; what you promised for my Gratuity, if you should give me three or four Times as much more, it would not recompence my Service and Care. Now ye may greatly rejoice, since you have every Thing to your Content; and when I arrive with you, glad me that I may forget the great Fatigue and Trouble which T have undergone in this Negotiation. The Dutch, and other Embafiies which went before, have (pent each from 15 to 25 Lack of Rupees, and not one amongst them all have procured the tenth Part of what I have. I have acted in this Affair with the utmost Care and Induftty, and have done what I knew through Means of my Consorts here. I have cost near a Lack of Rupees; and all the Baseness which has been done by those People, I have bore with Patience, because the Company’s Affairs else would have been ruined. By God’s Blessing, all our Business is happily ended, -and I hope, God willing, in Fifteen Days more, to obtain Leave, and be on my Way towards you; rest with Satisfaction, and after my Arrival, what more I have to- relate will be made known to you; some unfair Dealings, which have been done within these Three Years, contrary to our Promise, which are not requisite that I write you now, but when I come with you I must inform you.

N° 2 6. Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Ministerj the , . Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla; the valiant, the vidorious in Battle, General of the Horse, faithful Friend, as followeth:

May the honourable Caun be always in Safety.

At this Instant Mr. John Surman, Coja and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the Company, hath, through the Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth. That at (Patna) in

the Province of Behar, it is some Time since the English Factory has been in a hired House; they hope for the House of Meermuzzuffer, which is confiscated to the King, to be granted for their Residence. It is commanded that you be writ to, if that House be confiscated, that you let them have it to live in; but at the Time of repairing it they are not to build Bullworks, or any Thing like Fortification, for that is forbidden by the King; for which Reason this Hulbullhookum is issued out; that you do ad pursuant to the great Command. Regard this well. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

- N° 27. Copy of a Hulbullhookum, under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord _ High Treasurer Sya Abidulla Caun; the vido-" - rious in Battle, General of the Horse, faithful

Friend, as followeth:

To all Mutfuddy’s (Officers) in Government, that at

?relent are, and hereafter shall come throughout the ’rovinces of the conquered Empire. Know yee, by these Presents, that at this Time, Mr.

Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf

of the English Company, hath, through the Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; requesting. That a gracious Order may be given you, commanding, that in case any of the Company’s Servants become Debtors, and elope VoL. 33.

from them, that you seize and deliver them back to E*~T.nd" the Chief of the Fadory. It is accordingly command- air,‘ ed; for which Reason this Hufbullhookum is issued out; that you do, pursuant to the great Command, in case any of the Company’s Servants become Debtors, and desert, seize and deliver them back to the Chief of the Fadory. Regard this punctually — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

N" 28. Copy of a Hulbullhookum under the Seal of the (Cootbullmoolk) Prime Minister; the Lord High Treasurer Syad Abidulla the

valiant, the vidorious in Battle, General of the Horse, true to his Friends, as followeth:

To all Mutfuddys (Officers) in Government, that at present are, or hereafter shall be, in the Province ’ of Bengal-, Know yee, by these Presents, That at this Time Mr. John Surman, Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, for and in Behalf of the English Company, hath, through the Intercessions of the High Ministers, presented their Petition to his Imperial Majesty; Setting forth, That in the Town of Calcutta, in the Purgunna of Ameirabaud, in the Province aforesaid, the English have their Fadory, the Farming of Calcutta, &c.

Three Towns they have had for a long Time, the Rent of which Annually being R’ 1195. is duly paid by them; Thirty-eight Towns more, adjacent to the aforesaid Towns, the Rent of which amounting to R’ 8121. 8*, they hope to have the Farming of them, and they will Annually pay the Rent thereof according to the Statives in the King’s Books; they likewise desire to have Calcutta called after his Majesty’s great Name; and the other Towns to be taken from their several Purgunnys and united into one Purgunna. It is commanded that the Farming of the Towns bought formerly remain in their Possession as heretofore, and that they have the Liberty of Farming the other Towns petitioned for; if, according to former Custom, they buy them by the Assent of the respective Owners of them, then you are to give Permission; for which Reason this Hulbullhookum is issued out; that you let them have the Farming of the former Villages and the present, pursuant to the great Command, according to the Lift on the Back of this, and take the Yearly Rent of them into the Treasury.

Regard this punctually. — Written the 9th of the Moon Zeelhedge, the 5th'Year of his Majesty’s glorious and ever happy Reign.

Lift on the Back, of Villages in the Purganna of Calcutta, £1ic.in the Subaship of Bengal, according to the Petition of Mr. John Surman,

Coja Surhaud, and Mr. Stevenson, the Renting of which being granted to the English Company, and the Towns which they formerly bought remaining according to ancient Custom: The other Villages petitioned for, if by the Assent of the Owners they do buy them according to ancient Custom, give Permission, and settle. The whole Amount, is R* 9316. 14. 3. according to the abovenamed their Petition;

In the Purganna, or Division of Calcutta R* 2151 13 3 In the Purganna, or Division of Ameirabaud ------- - 1810 9 6

In the Purganna, or Division of Burro - 869 15 3

In the Purganna, or Division of Man-

pore ----- - 223 7 6

In the Purganna, or Division of Nudee - 172 13 6

In the Purganna, or Division of Picaun 4078 3 3

- 41 Towns.

Note, That the Account of these Towns are not at Courttherefore according to the Account of the Suba Books,-more orless, settle.

According

Fart India Artair*.

860

26° M

A. 177a.

According to former Custom, the Towns of Calcutta, &c. Three Towns R* 1195. 6; viz.

In the Pinganna of Ameir Abend Calcutta, 13c. R* 970. 8.; viz. De Calcutta R‘ 468. 9. Sootalutta R* 500. 15. Govindpore R' 224. 14. In the Purganna of Picaun.

The present R‘ 8121. 8. 3.; viz.

In the Purganna, or Division of Calcutta -----.....R* 2131 13 3

In the Purganna, or Division of Ameira-

bauJ - -- - 840

In the Purganna, or Division of Burro - 869

In the Purganna, or Division of Nuddee - 172

In the Purganna, or Division of Mqnpore 223

In the Purganna, or Division of Picaun - 3863

1

*5

l3

7

5

38 8

12 — 376 —

22

45

1

213

6 15

10

viz.

VIZ.

VIZ.

The particular Account of the Villages petitioned for at present, according to the Lift under the Seals of the aforenamed Persons, amounting to R* 8121. 8. 3. Towns 38; viz.

Ducconneedaun R* 426. 9*; viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - - - - R

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

In the Purganna of Ameirabaud -

Beergee R* 283. 13. 6; viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

In the Purganna of Ameir abaud -

In the Purganna of Nudee - -

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

Baudfutteempore R* 127. 2. 6.; viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

In the Purganna of Ameir abaud -

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

Silica R‘ 277. 11. 3.; viz.

In the Purganna of Burro - -

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

Hauroo R‘ 383. 2. 9.; viz.

In the Purganna of Burro -

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

Cundee R* 138. 5 3.; viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

In the Purganna of Burro - -

Ramkiffenpore R* 169. 14. 9.; viz.

In the Purganna of Burro - -

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

Nauta R* 580. 14. 9.

In the Purganna of Burro - -

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

Billgajaw R‘ 318* 9P In the Purganna of Picaun - -

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

Oltadondee R* 314. 14 In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

In the Purganna of Picaun - -; -

Congarracoffa R* 408. 6. 3.; viz.

In the Purganna of Nudee - -

Iu the Purganna of Picaun - -

Meerzapore R* 172. 13. 6.9 viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

In D° - - - Picaun - -

Cullea R* 372. 10. 6.; viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

Puggaree R* 228. 13. 3; viz.

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

Sunda R* 648. 9. 3.; viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

In the Purganna of Picaun - -

Dulunda R* 306. 7. 6.; viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

D® - D° - - Picaun - -

Tupfanda R* 290. xo. 9.; viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

D° - D* - - Picaun - -

11 7 3

20 8 -

95 3 6

61 11 a*

216 — 3

237 5 6

H5 13 3

8 7 —

129 *4 n J

89 3 9

80 11 m

351 13 -

229 1 9

J3 10 -

3°4 6 9

194 1 6

120 12 9

i7o I 3

37 7 -

57 !5 9

ll5 13 9

127 6 9

445 3 9

166 1 9

62 11 6

62 3

586 9

hi 6 6

*95 1 -

73 8 m

217 2 9

Mullea Bulcha R’ 206. 14. 6.; viz In the Purganna of Calcutta - - - -In the Purganna of Picaun - -

Currangee R* 89. 11. 6. j viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

D° - D° - - Picaun - -

Cullemba R* 383. 8.; viz.

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

D° - D° - - Picaun - -

Cundullpaudet R* 101. 13. 6.; viz. In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

D# - D° - - Picaun - -

Amulla R* 229. 2. 6.; viz

In the Purganna of Calcutta - -

Da - D* - - Picaun - -

Duccaneepakpadee, in the Purganna Amei-r abaud -

Hogulcundeey in the Purganna of Picaun Semlee, in the Purgunna of Manpore Muccaunda, in D° - - D° -

Chapada, in the Purganna of Calcutta Baughareey in D° - - D# -

Arpoolee, in the Purganna of Manpore -Sayalta, in the Purganna of Calcutta Baudfunda, in D° - - - D° - -

Seepore, in - D° - - - D° - -

Saidgueehee, in D° - - - D° - -

Custanga, in D° - - - D° - -

Putter a, in D° - - Picaun - -

Bauduchntedaun, Do - -

B all call cut tay in Calcutta -

Cheatporey in the Purganna Ameir abaud

31 11 -

175 36

14 13 6

74 >14 -

27° 3 3 "3 4 9

9 3 7° 4 3

61 9 9

167 8 9

*45 2 3 >37 11 3 81 15 6 118 iz 9 63 10 9 49 8 9

22 11 9 118 99

40 8 -

41 6 6

211 3 -

37 *4 "

101 1 6

i*5 8 3

"4 3 6 152 8 -

N° 29. Directed to Acram Caun9 Duan of Bengal the same as the foregoing, Word for Word, with the Lift of the Towns on Back as the foregoing.

Perwanna under Jaffar Cawn’s Seal, obtained by Mr. Samuel Feake, at CoJJimbazar. Received loth of July 1717 > as followeth:

May his Highness, the Support of Nobles, the honourable Canti Maudee Allee Caun, be always surrounded with his Majesty’s Favour.

The Vakeel of the English Company has represented, that Mahomed Sallak Droga, of the Cherabaf Conna, does unjustly molest Succada, Gomafhtah of his Matter, who resides at Jabaungeernagur (Dacca)-9 for which Reason this is wrote; that if it be true, you bid the aforesaid Droga forbear injuriously oppressing the English'sGom?St\* talis: But if the Story should be otherwise, do you write it. The 3d of Shabaun9 the 6th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Dujlkhut (sign*d.)

To these People Favour and Encouragement should be shewn, because they are great Merchants, and are exalted by their eminent Services.

Perwanna under Jaffa Caun’s Seal, obtained by Mr. Feake9 13c. at CoJJimbazar. Received in Fort William the 5th of Oftobei' 1717 j as followeth: May his Highness, the Support of Nobles, Sultan Hussein Caun, be always surrounded with his Majesty’s Favour.

The English Company’s Vakeel has represented, that his Master’s Gomafhtah, who have resided at Mahan-undapore9 (subordinate to Rajamall) for a long while, to buy and sell Goods: That your Deputy have unjustly extorted 30 R‘ from said Gomafhtah; for which this is wrote; that if it be true, you make the said Rupees to be refunded to the said Gomafhtah, and take his Satisfactory Certificate and fend it hither: Do you likewise give particular Orders, that nobody molest said Gomafhtah injuriously, that he may remain there, carrying on with Content his Business. Regard this well. — Written the 26th of the Moon Ramazan, the 6th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Translate

i2 Geo. III. 26°

861

Translate of King Furruckj his Fhirmaun, for the honourable Robert Hedges, Esquire, President in Bengal, in Answer to the Petition sent by Mr. John Sturm an, idc.

The most worthy amongst your Peers, the great amongst your Brothers, and worthy of my Favour, Robert Hedges, President for the Company: Be

always in Hopes of kingly Favour; and know at this Time of Conquest, and being Conqueror, the Petition that desired a Phirmaun for the Currency ol Trade for the English, and Pardon of Customs, according to ancient Usage, with the Pifhcafh, accompanied by English Surma tut and Serad Armenian to the Holy Place that carries the Ensigns of Miracles, whose Height approaches the Skies, is received, and has pad the Royal View, and the Pifhcalh that you sent has been presented before his Sacred Majesty, and pleated him, with his Royal Acceptance after the most Holy Place, being acquainted of your entire Sincerity, and drift Obedience, out of his Majesty’s most particular Favours, have granted Phirmauns, conformable to the Petition of the above Serad, for the Currency of the Company’s Trade, and Pardon of Cudoms, pursuant to former Rule; you ought, in a high and grateful Degree, to acknowledge this great Royal Favour, with a serious Temper, and perfect Satisfaction; go on in your Business and Merchandize, your upright Behaviour and perfect Obedience will be a Means of your future Protection. The 19th Day of the Moon Jamadullacurr; wrote in the Six Year of our glorious Reign.

The Vizier’s Title, which is wrote on the Back of the Four Phirmauns.

Under the Protection of the Mountain of vad Riches, in whom the King puts his Confidence; Chief of the Nobles of the greated Port; conspicuous among the Great; the great Protector of the Country, and its Riches; the Opener of the Way to Fortune and Riches; Mader of the Sword and Pen; the Light and Exalter of the Spear and Order i Vizier of a true Judgment unalterable $ Chief of the Country; Prime Minider, in whose Hands are all Power; the Lord High Treasurer, the Valiant, the Victorious in Battle, faithful Friend; and the Mirrour of Viziers.

Copy of a HufbuHhopkum.

An Account of the Europeans at as re-

presented by the Government of to

A'luxadavad; viz.

It’s custoruary, upon every new King’s Accession to the Throne, and upon every Subah’s and Duan’s Accession, for the Europeans to get new Phirmaunds and new Perwannahs to carry on their Business, and to give a Prelent; for which Reason I fend an Account of the Nation, that as it is now the Time for dispatching their Ships, if they are dealt hard with, it will be for the Advantage of the King and Subah; viz.

The English, in Aurengzcb's Time, obtained a Phir-maund, exempting them from all Cudoms, in lieu of which a Pifhcalh of Three thousand Rupees was settled, which they Annually pay into the Treasury at since which they have oot had either Phirmaund or Perwannah; they carry on their Mercantile Affairs in an unjud and unprecedented Manner, by which the King’s Treasury is lessened; the Phirmaund they procured in Phiruchjeer's Time has never been l'een, nor they ever had a Perwannah from the Nabob for carrying on their Business.

The Dutch, in Aunngzeb's Time, obtained a Phirmaund, granting Leave to trade, paying 3r per Cent. into the Treasury at Hughly. In Shaw A Hunt’s Time they obtained a Phirmaund for paying £ per Cent. Customs, and they, conformable to which they obtained a Perwannah from Jaffier Catmwhen he was called Muffed Coolie Cawrt, by virtue of which they now VoL- 33-

carry on their Business; besides this, they have had no East India other new Perwannah, nor made any Present to the King or Subah.

The French in Aurengzeb's Time, obtained a Phirmaund, also the Subah and Duan’s Perwannah, and, according to the Dutch, they paid Four per Cent. Customs; and when the Dutch got the Customs settled at per Cent, they likewise got a Perwannah from the Nabob to pay the same; besides which, they had no other new* Perwannah, nor made any Present to the King or Subah:

The Offenders have no Phirmaund; they have obtained Jaffer Cawns Perwannah, by virtue of which they carry on their Business.

The Armenians used formerly to pay 5 per Cent. Customs; in Shaw Allum'%T\m& they obtained a Phirmaund for paying no more than 3I per Cent, and according to which Phirmaund they have JaJffer Cawn’s Perwannah, and now they carry on their Business in Calcutta under the English Protection, and those of them that want a Perwannah for Suratt, comes to Hughly and gets one, by which the King is a great Sufferer.

It has not been customary for Europeans to trade in Salt; this Year some of the English have sent large Quantities of Salt to Patna, without paying the Custom: It has always been customary for the Weavers to pay 5 per Cent, on all Photaes, before they fell any to Europeans, and now the English, contrary to Custom, in the adjacent Towns of Calcutta, and in Bur divan, buy Photaes, and carry them, with their Dufticks, without paying the usualCustoms; and upon all Goods that are bought and sold in Calcutta, they collect a Duty, by which the King is a great Sufferer.

It has not been customary for the Europeans to traffick in Grain, &c. Eatables they used to have allowed them (by Leave from hence) just a sufficient Quantity for their own Food; and the English now buys Grain in every Place, and transports it on board their Ships, by way of Merchandize, by which the King is a great Sufferer, and Grain is made dear and lcarce in this Country.

All Goods imported formerly by Europeans, dfed to be sold to the Patna Merchants, &c. who used to pay the Customs thereon; and for these several Years the English fend what Goods they import to "Patna, &c.

Aurungs, by which there is no Custom paid; here they pay a Pifhcalh of Rupees Three thousand for the Company and other Englishmen, by which the King is a great Sufferer; and the Dutch, ever since they have had the Custom settled at 2 k per Cent, fend their Goods to Patna and other Places, and do not fell to those who used to pay the Customs here, by which the King is a great Sufferer.

Transcribed per T. Fenwick.

Examined with A. Dawjon.

Copy of a Duftuck, under the Seal of Commordee Came, Grand Vizier, directed to all Phowfdars, Guardians of the Roads, Keepers of Passages, and Zemindar, in the Provinces of Beharr, and Orix a.

Know ye, that the English Company are free of Customs, pursuant to the Tenor of the Royal Phirmaund, in lieu of which they pay an Annual Pifhcalh of Three thousand Rupees into the Treasury, at the Port of Hughly; and every Year, their Boats, loaden with Goods, do pals and repass throughout the aforementioned Provinces; for which Reason this is wrote, that they be not troubled or molested for Raudary, iffc. but on the contrary, that you pass them through your several Di-ftrids in Safety. The 27th Shaubatm, the 9th Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Transcribed per A. Dawjon.

Examined with SoP Margas.

Copy of a Hufbullhookum, under the Seal of Commordudee Caune,-Vizier, directed to all Mut-10 K fudys

EaA India Affairs.

862

26° Mali. M-

ludys, present and to come, in the Provinces of He'I:at, Beharr, anti O

Know ye, that the English Company’s Vaqueel has Presentctl a Petition; Setting forth, That his Matters have a Phirmaund, exempting them from all Customs, in lieu of which they Annually pay into the Treasury at Hughly a Pifhcafh of Three thousand Rupees; That the Subah and Duan’s People, in every Subahship, and the Phoufdars, (Ac. on the Roads, molett and trouble them, contrary to the Tenor of the Royal Phirmaund: He is in Hopes of obtaining a Hufbullhookum, continuing their being free of Customs, pursuant to the Royal Phirmaund. It appears by the Books, that in lieu of Thirty thousand Rupees, which they pay into the Treasury at the Port of they are free of

al} Customs; for which Reason they have obtained this Hufbullhookum, ordering you to act conformable to the Royal Phirmaund, and in no ways to impede or moled them. The 17th of the Moon in the 9th

Year of his Majesty’s ever happy Reign.

There are Three other Perwannahs or Hufbullhook-ums, of the same Tenor as the foregoing, directed to fere aim, Subah of Bengal, and Suffrage Caun, Duan of Bengal, and the Third to Aiteram Duan of Patna.

Transcribed per IV. Davis.

Examined with Soli Margas.

Copy of a Perwannah, under the Seal of Suffrage Caun, Duan of Bengal, directed to all Mutfuddys, present and to come, to all Gomaftahs of Jag-gers, Phoufdars, Zemindars, Collectors, and Recorders, in the Provinces of Bengal and Orixa.

Know ye, that King Furs Phirmaund and Perwannahs, granted the English Company, has been presented by Mr. Stevcnfon-, by which it is perceivable,

that they pay Annually a Pilhcafh of Three thousand Rupees in the Treasury at Hughly, besides which, they are not to be molested for any thing more; and that in all Places you assist them in buying and selling their Goods; in case they have any Account or Demands oh any Weavers, (Ac. oblige them to pay their Gomaftahs j and not l'uffer anybody to molcft or impede their Gomaftahs, nor trouble them on account of their own or hired Boats for Cutbarah: That whosoever of the Company’s Gomaftahs* being Debtors, desert them, seize them, and deliver them to the Chiefs of their Factories; that they be not molested for Phoufdary, -(abobmunnua) Impositions: That in case any of their Goods or Ships are drove afborc, or wrecked, let particular Care be taken thereof: That at Calcutta they have a Settlement, and the renting of Calcutta, if Towns in the Purgane of Ameiravad, were formerly granted

them, and bought by Consent from the Zemindars of them, and are now in their Possession; That Thirty-eight Towns more, amounting to Rupees Eight thousand One hundred and Twenty-one, and Eight Annaes, adjoining to the aforesaid, in case they purchase them by the Consent of the Proprietors, let the Duan put them in possession thereof; It appearing by the Registers of the Duan, that Calcutta, Three Towns are in their Possession, according to former Custom, for which they pay Yearly Rupees One thousand One hundred and Ninety-five, and the other Thirty-eight Towns, which they have not yet bought, neither arc in their Possession; you mull let Calcutta, (Ac. Three Town, remain in their Possession as heretofore, and receive the customary Rent thereof; and, according to the Tenor of the Royal Phirmaund, whereon is wrote on the Back of tins, do you aft in every respect, and not contrary. The tftof the Mooh in the 9th

Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Articles of a Treaty and Agreement, concluded between the Governor and Council of Fcrt

William, on the Part of the Company and the Nabob Dozer

On the Part of the Company.

We the Governor and Council do engage to the Nabob, Syef ul Dozvla, the Subalniai Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, anti Orixa, and t him therein, with the Company’s Forces, aga Enemies.

Ob the Part of the Nabob.

I.

The Treaty which my Father formerly concl the Company, upon his first Accession to the engaging to regard the Honour and Reputat Company, and of the Governor and Council, a and that entered into with my Brother, Nabob Dozvla; the same Treaties, as far as is consisten true Spirit, Intent, and Meaning thereof, I < ratify and confirm.

II.

The King has been graciously pleased to g the English East India Company the Dewan Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, as a free Gift, for < I, having an entire Confidence in them, anc Servants settled in this Country, that nothing be proposed or carried into Execution by the gating from my Honour, Dignity, Interest, Good of my Country, do therefore, for the be dufting the Affairs of the Subahdarree, and p my Honour and Interest, and that of the Con the best Manner, agree. That the protecting vinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, and t sufficient for that Purpose, be entirely left to rection and good Management, in Consideratio paying the King, Shaw Allum, by Monti ments, as by Treaty agreed on, the Sum ol 2,16,666. 10. 9. and to me, Syef ul Do (via, th Stipend of Rupees 41,86,131. 9.; the

Rupees 17,78,854. 1. for my House, Servants, Expences indispensably necessary, and the 1 Sum of 24,07,277.8. for the Support of fur Peons, and Burgundaffes, as may be thought j my Afwarry only; but on no Account ever 1 that Amount.

The Nabob Mmauh Dowla, who was, at th< of the Governor and Gentlemen of the Cou pointed Naib of the Provinces, and invefbed Management of Affairs, in conjunction with M Doolubram and Juggut Seat, shall continue in Pott, and with the same Authority; and havii fest Confidence in him, I moreover agree to let the disbursing of the above Sum of 24,07,277. Purposes above mentioned. '

This Agreement, by the Blefiing of God, I be inviolably observed as long as the English G Factories continue in Bengal. Dated this 19ft May, in the Year of our Lord 1766.

Wm B. Sumner.

H.

Randk

H. Walts.

Claud Russell.

Wm Aldersey.

rbo.

Charles Floyer.

Articles of a Treaty and Agreement, c between the Governor and Council of j ’ Ham, on the Part of the English East I/u , pany, and the Nabob Syeful Dowla.

On the Part of the Company.

We the Governor and Council do engage I to the Nabob Syef ul Dowla, the Subahdarre Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, and to him therein, with the Company’s Forces, agait Enemies.

12 Geo. III. 26° Mail

On the Part of the Nabob.

I.

The Treaty which my Father formerly concluded with the Company, upon his first Accession to the Nizamut, engaging to regard the Honour and Reputation of the Company, and the Governor and Council, as his own; and that entered into with my Brother, the Nabob Nazim ul Dowla-, the same Treaties, as far as is confident with the true Spirit, Intent, and Meaning thereof,

1 do hereby ratify and confirm.

Ij.

The King has been graciously pleased to grant unto the English East India Company, the Dewannship of Bengal^ Bahar, and Orixa, as a free Gift, for ever; and

I, having an entire Confidence in them and in their Servants settled in this Country, that nothing will be pro-poled, or carried into Execution, by them, derogating from my Honour and Dignity, and the true Interest and the Good of my Country, do therefore, for the better conducing the Affairs of the Subahdarree, and promoting my Honour and Interest, and that of the Company, in the best Manner, agree, That the protecting the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, and the Force sufficient for that Purpose, be entirely left to their Direction and good Management; in Confederation of their paying the King, Shaw Allum, by Monthly Payments, as by Treaty agreed on, the Sum of Rupees 2,16,666. io. 9. and to me, the Annual

Stipend of Rupees 41,86,131. 9.; viz. the Sum of Rupees 17,78,854. x. for my House, Servants, and other Expences inuifpenfably necessary, and the remaining Sum of 24,07,277. 8. for the Support of such Sepoys, PeoJis, and BurgundetJJes, as may be thought proper for

my Afwarry only; but on no Account ever to exceed that Amount.

HI.

The Nabob, Minaut Dow/ah, who was, at the Instance of the Governor and the Gentlemen of the Council, appointed Naib of the Provinces, and inverted with the Management of all Affairs, in conjunction with Mharaga Doolubram, and Juggut Seel, shall continue in the same Port, and with the same Authority} and having a perfect Confidence in him, I further agree to let him have the dilburfing of the above Sum of 24,07,277. 8. for the Purpose above mentioned.

This Agreement, by the Blessing of God, I'hope will be inviolably observed as long as the Company’s

Factories continue in Bengal. Dated the 18th Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

(Signed) Governor and Council. (Signed) The Nabob.

Fort William, 28th Nov. 1766.

A true Copy.

Wm Alderjey, Secretary.

Signed E. Baber, Secretary.

Articles of a Treaty and Agreement, between the Governor and Council of Fort William, on the Part of the English East India Company, and the Nabob Mebarek ul Dowla.

On the Part of the Company.

We, the Governor and Council, do engage to secure to the Nabob Mebarek ul Do, the Soubahdarree of the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, and to support him therein, with the Company’s Forces, against all his Enemies.

On the Part of the Nabob.

I.

The Treaty which my Father formerly concluded with the Company, upon his first Accession to the Niza-

Vol. 3.3.

mut, engaging to regard the Honour and Reputation of the Company, and of the Governor and Council, as' AUJ* his own; and that entered into with my Brothers, the Nabobs Nazim ul Dowlah, and Syef ul; the fame Treaties, as far as is consistent with the true Spirit,

Intent, and Meaning thereof, I do hereby ratify and confirm.

H.

The King has been graciously pleased to grant unto the English East India Company, the Dewannaship of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa. as a free Gift, for ever; and I, having an entire Confidence in them, and in their Servants settled in this Country, that nothing whatever be proposed or carried into Execution by them, derogating from my Flonour, Interest, and the Good of my Country, do therefore, for the better conducing the Affairs of the Subahdarree, and promoting my Honour and Interest, and that of the Company, in the best Manner.

Agree, That the protecting the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Orixa, and the Force sufficient for that Purpose, be entirely left to their Direction and good Management, in Consideration of their paying the King,

Shaw Allum, by Monthly Payments, as by Treaty agreed on, the Sum of Rupees Two Lacks Sixteen thousand Six hundred and Sixty-six, Ten Annaes, and Nine Pice (Rupees 2,16,666. 10. 9.); and to me, rek ul Dowlah, the Annual Stipend of Rupees Thirty-one Lacks Eighty-one Thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-one, Nine Annaes (31,81,991. 9.)} the Sum of Rupees Fifteen Lacks Eighty-one thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-one, Nine Annaes (15,81,991. 9.), for my House, Servants, and other Expences indispensably necessary} and the remaining Sum of Rupees Sixteen Lacks (Rupees 16,00,000), for the Support of such Sepoys, Peons, and BurgundaJJes, as may be thought proper for my Afwarry or.ly; but on no Account ever to exceed that Amount.

III.

The Nabob MinauhDowlah, who was, at the In fiance

of the Governor and Gentlemen of the Council, appointed Naib of the Provinces, and inverted with the Management of Affairs, in conjunction with Malta Rajah Doolubram and Juggut Seat, shall continue in the same Port, and with the same Authority: And having a perfect Confidence in him, I moreover agree to let him have the disbursing of the above Sum of Rupees Sixteen Lacks, for the Purposes above-mentioned.

This Agreement, by the Blessing of God, shall be inviolably observed for ever.

Dated the 21st Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Beecher,

Alderjey,

John Cartier,

Claud

Charles Floyer,

\ John Reed,

Francis Hare,

Joseph

Thomas Lane,

Richard Barwell.

A true Copy.

W. Wynne, Secretary.

Copy of the Translate of a Perwannah from Dowla Cazon, Subah of Bengal, to Governor Deane', as entered after the Fort William Confutation of the 19th January 1731-2.

John Deane, Governor: I salute you, and am very well pleased and satisfied with your fair Dealing and Management, and have not any ill Will whatsoever against you -, you ought to preserve a good Understanding with me, and by a good Management of yours; go on with your Business as customary, without doing any thing contrary to Law and Custom.

Copy

0.6° Mail.

£aft India Copy of a Perwannah, under the Seal of the Na-Aflairs* hob Suja Cazvn, to Mhamud Aliff; entered after the Fort William Consultation of the 16th July,

1736-

Whereas the Revenues of the Towns of de Calcutta, Soota Looteej and Govindpoory in the Purgannas of Ameem-bad, Calcutta, and Paycazvne, in the Surcar of Sutgom, by Grants from the Court, and several Governors of the Province, have been appropriated to the English Company, and been under the Direction of their Agents, I do now confirm the same to them, according to Custom; and you are not to moled them, or demand more upon any Account than is usual, nor infid upon their renewing this Grant yearly; but encourage the Improvement of the Towns in the Manner, therefore, to their Satisfaction. See that this be obeyed. On the id of the Month Rub-beulaurelly 18th Year of the King’s Reign.

Appendix, N° 3.

A Letter to George Pigot, Esquire, President, tec. of Fort St. George; relating to the Capture of Calcutta; dated 16 July 1756, from the Governor and Council of Bengal.

To the honourable George Pigot, Esquire, President and Governor, £fic. Council at Fort St. George.

Honourable Sir, and Sirs,

Our utmod Efforts have been employed to dispatch to you sooner the Intelligence of the Capture of Calcutta by the Moors, acting under Orders of Serajah Dowhy the new Nabob; which Account, we doubt not, will have reached you before this can possibly arrive, by Means of Patamars from the Shroffs or Foreign Nations. A true Narrative of this unhappy Event, will, in our Opinion, be faithfully represen ted to you by Mr. Manningham, which we have not here to commit to Writing; the above Gentleman we depute to your Honour, iifc. on the United English East India Company’s Behalf, and require from this Representation, that you will support us with the whole Force you can obtain on your Coad, Military and Marine, together with a sufficient Quantity of Ammunition, Cannon, and all other warlike Stores, Military and Marine, which may enable us to re-edablish ourselves in this Province, which we edeem of the most essential Consequence to the East India Company, and Trade of India in general.

It is highly to represent to your Honour, tec. and that the English here were edablithed by Patent from the Grand Mogul, under whose Orders all Subahs should be dependant; but as your Honour, tec. are well acquainted that this Province was overcome by Ally Verde Cawiiy who maintained his Conqued by Force of Arms, so was it possessed by his Grandson, who assumed the Title of Serejah Dozvla; wherefore father to favour our Cause, and jud Complaints for Reditution, and Right to the Privilege granted us by the Royal Firmaund, we are to requed you will, without Delay, set forth to the Grand Mogul the Enormities committed by the present Nabob, on a Nation which has always paid Obedience to the Tenor of the Firmaund, nor infringed on its Privileges; requiring and entreating by his Authority to re-establish us in all our Rights, and that the Loss sustained by the Company and Inhabitants of the Settlement may be made good.

We are at present endeavouring to open a Correspondence with the principal Men, whom we are informed the Nabob attends to, in Hopes to bring on a Treaty till we can obtain Succour, and that we may in some Measure be relieved from our present Didress, being in the utmod Want of all Necessarics of Life, and drict Orders issued by the Government not to supply us with any Provisions: The Dutch and French are also prohibited giving us any Affidance; their Situation appears very 8

precarious; and we are told the French h; large Reinforcement from Pondicherry.

Our Determination is to keep the Rive informed of your Honour’s, tec. Relol case we are not able to procure any Pa Government, or should be persecuted so 1 as to be obliged to dand out to Sea, we f Vizagapatam; this we think proper to may be necessary that the Ships in thei Bay call there for Intelligence, which there, if we are able to procure any Co the Ingratitude of our immediate Serv such, that we are drove to the Necessity c individual Office for ourselves; nor have to procure a PattamaHy or a Persian Wri with the utmod Difficulty we have hithe ther a sufficient Number of Lascars to wc and are daily apprehensive they will quit Occasion.

We have desired the Gentlemen at / provide and hold in Readiness what Piw Kind they are able to procure, to be put Vessels coming down hither.

We requed your Honour, tec. to repre of all thele Occurrences to Admiral Watj mander in Chief of His Majesty’s Squadrc his Aid and Affidance with the Fleet, w may be able to proceed hither.

Monfr. Le Beaumey (who had the Cor advanced Batteries, and defended the same accompanies Mr. Manningham, and will, i cident happening to Mr. Manningham, de Advices; we edeeming Monfr. Le Beaumt to give you a circumdantial Detail of our ceedings, as also inform you of the var are in want of.

As We imagine the News of this Captu very bad Consequences in England, to tl Company’s Affairs, if they receive it with formed at the same Time of there being our refettling in Bengal; we are to requed will alter your Resolution of fending tl Europe, till you hear the Success of the F be able to affid us with.

We are, with great Respects, Honourable Sir, and Sir Fu/ta, Your most obedient hum! 16 July 1756.

General Letter, dated 15th Septembt To the honourable the Court of Direct of the honourable the United Com chants of England trading to the EaJ May it please your Honours,

As it is probable a Vessel may bedifpatcl by the President and Council of Fort St. C other Nation settled on the Coad, and a C fering from hence to Vizagapatamt we Duty to give your Honours some Account which mud be of the utmod Consequence t — It is with the greated Concern we findo the Necessity of transmitting your Hone agreeable News; and shall beg Leave to coi to Generals.for the present, referring to a f for the Particulars of this Affair.

Upon the Receipt of your Packet by we thought it necessary to put ourselves State of Defence we could, and for that Directions to have the Line of Gunstowa repaired and drengthened; While we wer this Work, a Perwannah arrived frost Serajah Dozvla (who had succeeded to the upon the Death of Alyver de Cazvn) fori erect any new Works, or dig a Ditch, ' informed we were doing. As we elleemei

i 2 Geo. III.

26° Mali.

865

unreasonable Prohibition, the President made the following Reply, by the Approbation and Consent of the Board} That we were not erecting any new Fortifications, but only repairing our Wharf, which had been much damaged by the Freshes; and he had been mil-informed in regard to the Ditch, having dug none since thelnvafion of the Ma, which had been executed by the Request of our Inhabitants, and with the Approbation of Alyver de Cawn himself.- — That we had received Advice of there being a Likelihood of a Rupture between the French and us, and as they disregarded the Neutrality of the Mogul’s Dominions in the last War, by attacking Madrass, we were under some Apprehensions of their making some Attempt upon our Settlement, should there be a Declaration of War between the Two Nations, for which Reason we thought it necessary to be upon our Guard, and make our Place as defensible as we could.

The N. abob was at that Time encamped at Rajamaul; and the Gentlemen at Coffi, a few Days after, informed us, that he was much incenfedat the foregoing Reply, and had ordered their Fad or y to be invested with a Party of Horsemen. This was confirmed in a second Letter from them, with Advice that a large Body of Troops were actually placed upon them, and that more were daily expected; for which Reason they desired a Reinforcement of Military and a Supply of Stores. Another Letter from those Gentlemen advised us that Troops were daily stationed on them; that the Nabob himself was returning from; that a Train of

Artillery was ordered to be planted against them; and that he threatened to attack as soon as he arrived. —

In this Letter they requested, us to complain against Uukumbeg and his Duan, for their Extortions of late Years, as they looked upon them to be the Instigators of these Disturbances.

Upon Receipt of this Letter, we transmitted them a Blank Arafdafs, for them to insert the Complaint against Hukutnbegand his Duan, as they who were on the Spot must be the best Judges what to write; and directed them to remonstrate, in that Arafdafs, the Injury done

vs in fix grounding our Factory upon so frivolous and

unjust a Pretence; the Falfity of which he might be satisfiec/ of by fending a Person to examine and report the Works we were carrying on. — We likewise ordered them to endeavour all in their Power to accommodate the Mat ter, but on no Account to mention the Demolition of rvny Works; That in the present Situation of Affairs w e thought it more adv:ikble to fiooth the Nabob than to p>novokc him, which tending up a Reinforcement might otecallon; and therefore we thought it bell to defer the Supply they had requested; and directed them, that in c;ale the Nabob carried Matters to Extremity, and attacked their Factory, to make the belt Defence they could till the Watersrofe, and then to retreat, with their Garrison, to Calcutta.

Two other Letters arrived from Mr. Watts and his Council, with Intelligence of a further Number of Troops having lurrounded their Factory, and that the Nabob was daily expected at Muxadavad, when it was imagined they would actually be attacked, — In the former of these Letters they informed us, that one of the principal Zemmadars placed upon them, told their Doctor, the Nabob was angry with the English on no other Account than a Drawbridge we had built at

Perrins, and an Odtagon at Mr. Keif alts Garden, and that if we would destroy those Works, the Forces would ' be immediately taken off their Factory: In consequence of which Information they gave it as their Opinion, if the President would add refs the Nabob, and promise to demolilli the Drawbridge and Odtagon, the Affair would -be accommodated.

This Letter was taken into Consideration by the Board, and for many strong Realbns, it was judged more . adviseable to promise the Demolition of those Works, than hazard a Rupture with the Nabob, at a Juncture Vol. 33.

when we were so little prepared for it. — Accordingly an Araldafs was wrote to that Effect, and Triplicates of itr* it forwarded to the Chief and Council at,

for them to get delivered. These Letters, Meli'rs.

Watts and Collett acquaint us, were not received while the Factory remained in our Hands.

On the 7th of June we received the disagreeable News of Coffimbuzar Factory being delivered up to the Nabob, who had made Mr. Watts a Prisoner upon his going to visit him, and forced him to sign a Mutchulka to the following Purport: That we should give no Protection to the King’s Subjects; that we should destroy any new Fortifications we had raised, and fill up the new Ditch; and that if it could be proved we had granted Dufticks to any Persons that were not entitled to them, the Loss sustained by the Government, in the Customs, should be madegood by the Company. These Letters likewise informed us, the Nabob intended to march to Calcutta with his whole Army, which now amounted to 50,000 Men, besides a very large Train of Artillery.

Upon the Receipt of this Intelligence we thought it expedient to put our Town (which was extremely open towards the Land) in the best Posture of Defence we could, by throwing up such Outworks as the Shortness of our Time would admit of, conformable to Plans laid before us for that Purpose, which was accordingly executed. The Militia were likewise summoned and trained, and every Thing in our Power prepared to sustain our Attack, in case the Nabob should be rash enough to carry Matters to that Extremity.

The 16th of June the Van of his Army appeared before the Redoubt at Perrins; and about One in the Afternoon attempted to force a Passage that Way into the Town, but were bravely repulsed by the Party stationed there, Numbers of them being killed; which made them decamp in the Night from thence, and enter the Town from the Eafcward; at which Quarter it was not in our Power to prevent their getting in —

On the Morning of the 18th they begun the Attack of our Lines, and after a very warm Fire the whole Day from one of our Batteries, were obliged to retreat, which made it necessarytp recall the rest, that they might not be cut off by the Enemy in the Rear.

The next Morning the y commenced a brisk Fire upon the Fort, which they continued the whole Day, and great Part of Sunday the 20th; and having gained Pofi'eflion of the several Houses near the Factory and Church, they destroyed a great many Officers and private Men; who being harassed out with continual Duty, and the Enemy overpowering us with their Numbers, the Walls were scaled on the Evening of the 20th, and the Fort liirrendered upon Promise of their civil Treatment of the Prisoners.

We have now given your Honours a summary Relation of the Nabob’s Proceedings at Coffimbuzar, his March against Calcutta, the Attack and Capture ot that Place.

There being some Country Vessels in the River, such of the Inhabitants as could escape have been confined in them, and suffered the greatest Distress; most of them having loft every Thing the y had, and scarce saved the Cloaths on their Backs, which has induced us to take the Liberty of maintaining them at your Honours Expence, which we flatter ourselves will not be disapproved of, when it is considered how general the Calamity has been, and what Numbers had it not in their Power to subsist themselves by any Means whatever.

Our remaining here so long has been owing to our judging it absolutely necessary to keep the River, in order to re-establish ourselves in these Provinces; for which Purpose we have applied to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, to assist us with all the Force they can possibly spare from the Calls of their own Coast, and have deputed Charles Mamtingham, Esquire, to satisfy them of the Necessity of exerting jo L themselves

Bast

Affairs.

8 66

26° Mali.

themselves on this Occasion, for recovering your Honours Settlements, Rights and Privileges, in these Provinces: As yet, have received no Answer from those Gentlemen, tho’ we daily expert one; and we hope they will not refuse or delay fending us down a considerable Body of Troops, as soon as they received our Letter upon that Head, as their Arrival at this Juncture would enable us to re-establish your Honours in all the Privilegesand Immunities of the Royal Firmaund. The Country being involved in Troubles by the Appointment of another Subah from Dilly, who is joined by some Royal Troops, and several considerable Jammadars, that have deserted Serajah Dowla; there is likewise an Invasion expected from the Mar at t as as soon as the Rains take off; and by the Intelligence we have received from CoJJimbuzar, the Nabob is greatly em-bar raffed.

We have likewise applied to the President and Council of Bombay for a Supply of Troops; and in case those Two Presidencies give us the necessary Assistance, we may hope, in a short Time, to acquaint your Honours of our being resettled upon a secure and respectable Footing.

The Gentlemen of Luckipore and Bulrumgurry have safely withdrawn their Factories, pursuant to our Orders, and brought away all their Military Stores, with what Cash and Effects were laying in their respective Factories; those at Dacca could not do the fame, for want of Conveyances; all their Boats being seized by the Nabob of that Place; but were obliged to surrenderafter they heard of the Loss of Fort William.

By the next Conveyances we shall transmit your Honours Copies of our Proceedings since the Loss of Calcutta, with the Cash Account, and what other Papers are material: And are, with the greatest Respect,

May it please your Honours,

Fort William, Your faithful and most

the 15th September 1757. obedient humble Servants,

Roger Drake, Junior, W" Watts,

James Killpatrick,

Richd Becker,

Paul Richard Pearkes, W. Frankland, r ' M. Collet,

J. Z. Flo Iw ell,

W. Mackett,

P. A my att.

Letter from Messrs. Becker, S craft on, Hyndman, and Waller, at the French Factory at Dacca.

To the honourable Court of Directors for Affairs of the honourable United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies.

May it please your Honours,

1. The present melancholy Situation of your Affairs in Bengal, will appear a very sufficient Apology for our not addressing you in the usual Form of your Council; some are killed, some Prisoners, and those who remain, retired with Mr. Drake we know not well whither. You have been doubtless long since informed of Ali Verdi Khan's having named Seir Rajah Dowlat his Successor to this Province, in prejudice of his Nephews, Nezvages Mahmud Khan and Sahid Hamud Khan; the former of which had his Residence at Muxadavad, the latter in the Proonean Country, of which he was Nabob. — The Succession of Seir Rajah Dozvlat, notwithstanding this Preference, was greatly doubted; his Competitors were rich and powerful, both Men of much more Experience in Life; the one esteemed of Abilities, greatly superior; Fortune however had adopted him, and took Care to pave his Way to that Point of Grandeur to which he is now arrived. In December lad died Newages Mahmud Khan, a few Months after the Nabob of Proonea, and on the 9th of April, Ali Verdi Khan breathed his last. The Widow of Newages for some 8

time maintained a faint Shew of Opp Succession of Seir Rajah Dowlat, in fav named Muradel Dowlat, Nephew to Seir and who had been adopted by her But deserted by her Adherents, she w to drop it, and to claim the Protedbior Dowlat, at this Time firmly establitli Son to Rajabullub, who had long a^ Minister to Nezvages Mahmud Khan, is retired to Calcutta, in March last, with it: of his Father’s, and of the Widow of his The Protection granted to this Man, a: of delivering him up when demanded believed to be the Cause of all oui Umbrage taken at some new Works ol which were carrying on at Calcutta, and at ions to the Nabob, that the EngHJh themselves in a State to make War upoi the Pretences. — On the 23d of May t CoJJimbuzar was invested by a Body of ab< from that Time till the3d of June, freshFc arriving, when the Number is laid to ha

50.000. That Day the Nabob Seir likewise arrived, with a large Body of H of his Army; the Day following he ii di (patched a Messenger to Mr. Watts, Desire of a Conference with him: This with: Mr. Watts was no sooner in his Pr< was made Prisoner, and the Messenger re Factory, for Messrs Collet and Batson, Gentlemen in Council at that Time at Ct told them their Prefenee was necessary t Paper, to which Mr. Watts had set hi which, without theirs, would not be valid Gentlemen likewise waited on the Nabo was immediately made Prisoner, and th back to the Factory, with Orders to th< commanded, to deliver it up to whoev should appoint to take Possession of it Ammunition, b1c. His Orders were c and the Nabob took Possession of it the 6t Orders were issued for the March of the j Calcutta. For the Particulars of the Siege and Fort William, we mu ft beg Leave Honours to some of those Gentlemen w in the Fort till it was taken. The Acco vary much, and are difficult to reconcile this, that many brave Men have died mif< Lives might have been saved by the fm of good Conduct and Resolution in thei That Mr. Drake refused listening to ai Accommodation, said to have been prop Nabob, while at Hughley, to avert the ! threatened the Colony, is what we can h tho* this is confidently affirmed. In a G provided as it appears Fort William w; certainly have been eligible to have fubm for the present, and to have waved his till a Change of Circumstances might en gratify it, and to obtain such as wer vantageous. The Nabob in his Return fr after marching a Number of his Men tf deinagore, and committing many Irregularit from the French the Sum of Three Lack: and from the Dutch 450,000. and fron

50.000. The French have behaved with Humanity to such as have taken Rest FaClory; and the Tenor of their Conduct to us, on this melancholy Occasion, has as to merit the greatful Acknowledgment o( The Sloop which, in our Correspondence Courtin, your Honours will observe we fwerable for, to prevent the ill Conseque A my at? s seizing her at so critical a JunCtu her Cargo, we are informed, safely arrive dernagore.

12 Geo. III.

0.6° M

2. It was on the 23d of May, as in a preceding Paragraph we have acquainted your Honours, that Cojfim-

buzar Factory was first invested. It was the 9th of

June before we had any Letter from the Gentlemen in Calcutta; it was dated the 3d, and in general Terms

dire died us to be upon our Guard, as the Nabob had taken Offence at some Works which were carrying on at Calcutta, and it was uncertain to what Lengths his Caprices and Passion might lead him: Our Situation, and the Want of Embarkations, rendered a Compliance with their Orders of the 7th (received the 12th) utterly impracticable: For our Reasons fully deduced, we beg Leave to refer your Honours to our Consultation of the 12th, in those, and our public Letters, both which accompany this Address to your Honours, the Consultations of the 3d and 5th excepted; Two Copies of which have been sent to , but. the Originals

we have not been able to get out of the Factory: We have been sufficiently explicit to enable you to judge and determine on our Conduct, and shall not enter into a further Detail.

3. As your Books and Papers are all in the Possession of the Nabob, we cannot, with Exactness, inform you of the Lois you have sustained at your Factory at

Dacca- If they will permit us to extract a few Minutes from the Books, we shall shortly be able to make it up, and your Honours may depend on having it by the first Occasion.

4. As to ourselves we have loft every Thing;-a Consciousness of having to the utmost of our Abilities discharged our Duty to your Honours, and the Hopes of your future Favour, should it appear to you we have axfted in such a Manner as to deserve it, mull, for the present, support us. Your Honours will do us the Justice to believe, that in the Surrender of our Factory without Resistance, we have not been actuated by any unmanly Attachment to Life. Every necessary Disposition our Situation would admit of had been made j and while Fort William stood, our Resolution was taken to defend ourselves to the last Extremity. — That gone, and all Hopes of AssistanCe cut off, it is certain we might have died, or by exasperating an ungenerous Enemy, exposed ourselves to Ignominy and Tormen t, but this would in no Shape have availed your Honours.

S' T"He French Gentlemen at and

Coffimbu^zczr are warmly soliciting our Liberty; if we are so h appy as to obtain it, we propose going to Ma-drafs in t lie first Ship; where we shall be ready to serve your Honours in any suitable Employment that your President and Council there may point out to us, till your Pl.ea.sure is known.

6. Eocclusive of the Gentlemen whole Names appear at the Foot of this Letter, there are Prisoners with us here, TVI r.. John Cartier, a Factor of one Year’s Handing; Mr. John Joknstone, just commencing; Assistants, Lieut. John Cudmore, and Mr. Nathaniel Wilson, Surgeon; Mr. William Sumner, the Second of this Factory, absent at Calcutta, by Permission, and who we hear is safe, having been ordered on board Ship some Days before the Place was taken.

We advised the Gentlemen at of this un-

happy Event, as soon as we could collect any Particulars which we thought carried an Appearance of Truth.

We are, with great Respect,

May it please your Honours,

Your Honours faithful humble Servants, Rich* Becher,

From the French Factory at Luke Scrafton,

Dacca, July 18th, 1756. Thom.

Samuel Walker.

Extract of a Letter from Messrs. Watts and Col- East India let, to the honourable the Court of Directors. Affairs.

To the honourable the Court of Directors for Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies.

May it please your Honours,

It is with the utmost Concern we now inform you, that Fort William was taken the 20th of June by the Nabob of Bengal, Grandson of , who

died last April. The first Rife of thele Troubles are as follows:

Some Time after his corning to the Government, he sent one Nerran Sing, Brother to Rogeram, who is Nabob at Cuttack, and Commander of the (which in this . Country is a considerable Poll) to Calcutta, where he arrived privately, and in Dilguife, with a Letter from the Nabob to the Governor; which the Governor did not think proper to receive, as it was presented in such a Way, but turned Narran Sing with Disgrace out of the Place. The Chief of being apprehensive that this might occasion some Trouble, wrote to the Durbar Officers, to prevent any Complaint being made to the Nabob, and the Affair was seemingly hulhed up; but a few Days wire elapsed when he sent for our Vacqueel, and told him he heard they were making Fortifications, and digging a Ditch round Calcutta; and infilled that we should level our new Works, and fill up the Ditch* Upon the Vacqueel’s returning from the Durbar, and acquainting the Chief with what the Nabob laid, he wrote to him, that he had not heard of any new Fortifications being raised or Ditch dug; and that we were apprehensive that our Enemies, for their own lucrative Advantages, had raised- these Reports; to this Letter he returned no Answer, but sent a Purwannah to Calcutta, ordering them to desist from fortifying, and to level what new Works they had begun. He then marched to the Northward, and gave out he was going to Patna. On his Arrival at Rajamaul, he received the Governor’s Answer, at which he was greatly incensed, and immediately ordered a Party of Horse and Gun Men upon our Factory, and returned back himself with the greatest Expedition with his whole Army, which encamped round, our Factory, and according to the moll moderate Computation, consisted of 10,000 Horse, and 20,000 Rajepouts, and other Gun Men, with a large Train of Artillery, and then demanded the Chief to come out, and fee him; the Nabob’s Duan, who commanded the Van of the Army, writing the Chief a Letter, that he might come out with great Safety, that no Harm should happen, and that he would introduce him to the Nabob: Upon this we thought proper to fend the Surgeon of the Factory to the Duan; and he gave him the same Assurances, and sent him back with a considerable Person, and a Present of Beetle (which is esteemed a Pledge of Faith) to accompany the Chief to the Duan, who was to introduce him to the Nabob; accordingly, agreeable to the unanimous Opinion of the Gentlemen of the Factory, and Officer of the Garrison, the Chief went, and was presented by the Duan to the Nabob; who immediately ordered him into Confinement, and infilled on his giving an Obligation, that in 15 Days Time the Gentlemen of Calcutta should level what new Works they had raised,- deliver up the Nabob’s Tenants, who had fled for Protection there; and that if it should be proved we had falsified the Company’s Dullucks, by giving them to those that had no Right to them, we should pay back what the Government had suffered by Loss of Duties: The Chief, being in their Hands, was obliged to sign this. They then told him, that his signing was of no Consequence, without the rest of the Council; accordingly, upon the Surgeon’s returning to the Factory, with a-Eunuch of the Nabob’s and

Two

' Vo*-- 33-

868

2 6° Mail,

East India Two or Three others, who acquainted Messrs. Collett Affairs. ailci ^atfon, that it was necessary they should go to the Chief and make an End of the Affair; they went, and were detained Prisoners, nothing more being laid about the Obligation the Chief had signed. The next Day we were ordered to deliver up our Ammuition and Cannon, which, upon mature Deliberation, we thought paoper to comply with, in Hopes to entirely pacify the Nabob, and prevent his March to Calcutta. The Army then drew off from the Factory. %

Extrad of Mr. Drake's Letter to the Council at Fort William, dated Calcutta, 17th to 25th January 1757.

Par*. 4. Referring to Mr. Becker's Letter, under Date of the 26th November lad, that Gentleman condemns my Conduct, in that I granted Protection, or admitted into Calcutta, Kijfendafs; that I rffufed to receive the Nabob’s Perwanriah, and insulted the Messenger; the assuming to myself such an Authority to ad without the Advice, or acquainting my Council thereof; my not using proper Means to accommodate Matters, when I found the Nabob irritated; and not securing on board the Ships the Company’s Books, Pa-pers, and Treasure; and finally abandoning the Fort in the Manner I did: To all which Accusations I reply, That the Admission of Kijfendafs into Calcutta was permitted by Mr. Manningham, in my Absence on a Visit to Ballafore, where I went, after the Dispatch of our last Europe Ship that Season, the 9th of March, and returned the 21st of said Month. Kijfendafs I think arrived here the 16th, and he, or some of his People, introduced a Letter from Mr. Watts to Mr. Manningham, with one inclosed for myself, under a flying Seal, to the following Purport, as far as my ' Remembrance leads me: That an Application had been made to him by Rajahbullub (who is Father to Kijfendafs) requesting we would admit his (Rajahbullub's) Family into Calcutta for the Space of Two Months, until one of the Women was brought to Bed, and able to proceed on her Journey to Jagger not Pago d; and strenuously recommended we would not refuse that Request, as Rajahbullub was likely to hold great Polls in the Government, and might, from such Favour shewn his Family, be instrumental of giving an uninterrupted Currency to our Business at Dacca, and its Dependencies; which Recommendation from Mr. Watts, who then was lb nearly situated to the Durbar of Muxa-davad, drew a Grant from Mr. Manningham, to admit. Kijfendafs, his Family, and Attendants, into our Bounds. I think Messrs. Frankland and Holwell are able to testify that such a Letter was penned by Mr. Watts, nor would I be understood to throw any Blame on Mr. Manningham, for having had Regard thereto; had I been present on KiJJ’endafs's Arrival, I should certainly adhered to so strong a recommendatory Letter from our Chief at Cojfmbuzar; nor was any Disturbance lurmifed would happen on Account of that Family’s Re-lidence here, or on any other Account, until about the 15th of April, when a Perwannah arrived, said to contain an immediate Demand, from the Nabob, of Rajahbullub' s Fam^y and Wealth; which leads me to answer Mr. Becker's Second Accusation, That I refused to receive the said Perwannah, and insulted the Messenger. That the Perwannah was refused to be received, by Messrs. Manningham, Holwell, and myself, is a Facft, and the Messenger was ordered out of the Bounds. Our then Reasons, that induced us to ad:, were, that this Messenger, or rather Spy, came into our Bounds in Disguise, and his first Foot on Shore was at Omichund's House, who received him privately, and a Perwannah for himself, tending, as we learnt, to this Purport, that he, Omichund, was to interest himself to obtain the immediate Delivery of Rajahbullub's Sons and Family to Narrajidafsy brother to Rojeram, the Nabob’s Head Spy: This first arbitrary and unusual Proceeding of the

new Nabob, before his having advised oi (as has ever been customary on Change of of his Succession to the Government, cause that the said Perwannah had been wrot< Consent or Knowledge; and not at that had any Intelligence from Mr. Watts, that had been dispatched by the Nabob, joi Fear Omichund shewed on the Occasion, < to reject the Perwannah (which Mr. A myself never had a Sight of) and to ore instantly out of our Bounds; and if th and Mr. Holwell W\W recoiled, I think they ledge I then produced Mr. Watts his o recommending, in moll strenuous Terms, of that Family into our Settlement, with others; certifying how useful the retaini/ in our Interest would be, who was likely Pods in the Government; at the same required by those Gentlemen to acquaint the clandestine Manner whereby Narram our Bounds; of our Refusal to receive tl and his being ordered to quit our Settleme Mr. Watts replied. That our Vacqueel h; to the chief Durbar Officers the whole t pened; and that the Reply thereto was, 1 had a Right to dismiss such People out o It is with Regret I mention not having Letters to produce; but I appeal to Mr. Frankland, and Holwell, to whom 1 comt different Times, the Purport of those Le Circumstances to be gathered therefrom plying, that Rajahbullub would be taken again; and advising, rather shewing, C Family than any way to distress then Opinion, that we should be cautious, anc leave Calcutta: One Letter did imply Warning to depart, as the Space of Time, 1 applied for their Residence here was nigh was soon contradidled; and I call on Mr clare, whether I did not frequently expn prehensive that Family’s Residence here w> Company’s Affairs into Trouble; and w shewed any Disinclination to their quittin or submitting to the Delivery of them, h openly required it. Further, Mr. Watts had acquainted the principal Men at MuXi should have no Objections to deliver Kijfen he thought I should not consent to the gi Women, nor would that be insisted on.

Mr. Becker is pleated to call on me, foi myself the foie Authority of acting withou or Advise of my Council, in the Prote< KiJJ'endafs, and the Dismission of the M brought the Perwannah for the immediat him and his Family, I mud beg Leave Part thereof, to my Reply to his foregoin against: my Conduct; wherein it will ap Contradiction, that I assumed no Power arbitrary Will: I could wish the Pervvaj been refused, but in public Council, w very Morning; and the Gentlemen were the Confutation Room before Messrs. Mi Holwell quitted my Apartment, and were quainted with the Steps we had taken; Member of the Board opened his Mo; thereon, which was their Duty to do, 1 imagined evil Confluences would be the that Proceeding; which leads me to reir Gentleman of Council can excuse himl Silence; as I think I shall be supported ii never attempted to bridle their Tongues, led to think, that Mr. Becker, who was in the latter End of February to the Beginr though not obliged to attend our Coun Absence from h:s Chicfship at Dacca, 01 his own Concerns, was permitted, might l

12 Geo. III. 26°

forth his Apprehensions that such our Proceedings were wrong, which any flight Intimation of to, or at, the Board, would have saved me many an unhappy Reflexion on what my Character has since suffered from after-thinking Men: What availed it me, or either Messrs. Manninghamor Hoiwhether Rajah Bn/lab's

Family was, or was not, to be admitted and kept in our Town; but to hold in good Correspondence and Harmony, People who then had great Influence at the Dur^ bar, thereby to promote the interest of our Employers, and to ad according to the Chief of his

Recommendation, who has always been supposed a competent Judge how to hold the great Men in Favour at the Durbar ? Even had any Letter, private or general, from Coffimbnzar, intimated so far as even an Apprehen-fion, that the proteding would be likely to

draw on the Nabob’s Anger, I dare aver either of those two Gentlemen would have communicated the same in public Council; I answer I should for myself; and 1 am lure Liberty of Speech and Writing has too much prevailed in this Settlement not to admit it from any Person who then thought the Company’s interest: was injured.

I fHould fall into the same Error with after Conjedures, if I a Ikwhy the Gentlemen of CoJJimbuzar did not, at any Time, inform us it was a wrong Proceeding to continue Rajah Bullub's Family with us: If they thought so, it was their Duty to have set forth the Nabob was irritated thereat, and at the Dismission of the Spy; but far otherwise, no Mention was ever made to us from that Fadory of any Umbrage the Nabob took on that Account; not even the Name of any of Rajah Family appeared in their general Letters. The next Accusation Mr. Becher is plealed to alledge against me, though I think it may be deemed rather a general Blame on the whole Board, is, that I did not use proper Means to accommodate Matters when I found the Nabob irritated. I would alk Mr. , if he has hitherto made an Enquiry, or from his certain Knowledge can give the Board Intelligence, what Methods were pursued to bI nder the Nabob’s Approach, and to specify his ungovernable Passion and premeditated Resolution to ex* tirpji t e the English from his Dominions. I shall not therefore immediately enter here a Detail of those Measures „ but think they promised to be the most effectual Alea.ns those Members present could take; and, Ido conj e <Sture, will be now lb by them acknowledged, as the -/Appearance and Circumstances of every Matter then, jpresented itself to us.

A P P E N 0 1 X, N° 4.

At the East India House, , 2 December

1762.

Present,

All the Commissaries, and Dutch.

The Dutch Commissaries acknowledging the Candour of the English, in fending them Copies of their Treaties

with the Nabobs, observed, that a 13th Article, as transmitted by Colonel Clive to the Government of ChinJ'urah, and inserted in the Appendix to their Memorial, Page 12, is not to be found in either of those Treaties; the English Commissaries disavowed all Knowledge of that Article: With this Declaration the other teemed much satisfied, laying, that if this Article had ilood confirmed, it would have been the greatest Grievance they had to complain of.

Vol. 33.

MaiL 869

Letter from the English Commissaries to Lord East Indli Clive, relative to the 13th Article, and Lord Clive's Answer thereto.

At the East India House, Tu the 14th of December 1762.

Present,

All the English Commissaries.

Also, Mr. Dunning.

A Letter was agreed upon, by the Gentlemen, to Lord Clive, to be signed by the Secretary, desiring his Lordship to enable them to clear up the Di:ticulty with the Dutch Commissaries, concerning the 13th Article of the Treaty with Jaffier Aly Khan, inserted in the 12th Page of the Appendix to the Memorial of the Dutch Company; the said Letter being as follows:

My Lord,

In the course of the Conferences between the English and Dutch Commissaries, the latter have very fbongly pressed the Point of the Letter and Article inclosed from your Lordship to Mr. Bifdom, as mentioned in the 12th Article of the Appendix to their Memorial: — In respect of the Article, the English Commissaries have given the Answer your Lordship in* struXed them to give in your Letter to Mr: Rous, of the 18th of August, that is, that it was in Language, and had been mi fi interpreted; but they observe, that the Letter in which this Article was inclosed, spedks of it as a 13th Article, which had been solemnly ratified and confirmed by Oath, on one Side by the Nabob, and on the other by the East India Company — Whereas the Treaty appears to conlilt of 12 Articles, and therefore the Dutch insinuate, that whether the Article, as they have printed it, be well or ill translated from that inclosed in your Lordship’s Letter; the Letter itself, which speaks of a 13th Article, must be a Misreprescntion, and in this Way the English Commissaries apprehend they mean to impeach the Credit of your Lordship’s Attestation, on which our Defence chiefly rests.

I am ordered by the Gentlemen to communicate this to your Lordship, and to add, that as they have no Doubt but your Lordship can, they trust you will, enable them to clear up this Difficulty.

I am, with the greatest Respex,

Your Lordship’s most obedient, and most humble Servant,

4 Rob' James, Sec'r.

East India House*

the 14th Dec' 1762.

Right honourable Lord Cli

iVedneJday, the 15th Decern' 1762.

Received the following Answer of this Date frorri Lord C/ive, to the Letter sent his Lordship Yesterday, by Order of the English Commissaries; viz.

Sir,

I desire ydu tvill Inform the Gentlemen of the Committee, that 1 think I cannot explain myself much more fully on the Subjex. than I have already done. I do remember to have wrote such a Letter as is set forth in the 12th Page of the Appendix in the Dutch Memorial; but as I am without a Copy of that Letter, I cannot be certain the Article I sent Mr. Bifdom was called the 13th; if it was, it must be a Mistake in the Interpreter, because I do not understand Persian, and all the Articles were wrote in that Language; but as I did inclose to Mr. Bifdom an Article, I do verily believe, nay, I arrt almost certain, it niuft be the Second Article which has been falsely translated to lerve a particular Purpose > and I must infill upon it, if what they call the 13th Article should prove to be, verbatim, the same as the Second Article, which can only be proved by producing the Persian Article itself, it mull prove, that there never existed a 13th, because it would be absurd to repeat the same Article twice.

io M As

East India Affairs.

87O

26" M

*4:

As to the solemn Ratification and Confirmation by Oath, (sic.that might have been Tent with the Article, to enforce it with Mr. though it be

no Part of that particular Article, but belongs to, and succeeds, the whole.

I am.

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Berkley Square,

15th Dec' 1761.

Bob' James, Esquire.

Appendix, N" 5.

Letter from Mr. Drake, &c. dated 14th July 1757*

will be e deemed sufficient by our Employer: cate our Proceedings.

5. First, it was evident to us, from Tenor of the Nabob’s Behaviour since the we could not poflibiy rely on his Friendthij the Treaty made with him would soon I when once he thought himself luncrior to us i his Delay in performing the Agreement, rr Articles being at that Time as far from pleted as at first; the Evasion of giving u faction for the Losses suffered by our 1 through Monichtind’s Means} the small Su ney which was pretended to be given Cred Sircarry, being l'carce a Tenth Part of the Lo by the Europeans alone; with several other 1 Conduct; were so many convincing Proof Friendship was insincere; and that he could

To the honourable the Secret Committee for

Affairs of the honourable United Company of by his Treaty, which the Exigency of his Merchants of England, trading to the East alone inclined him to make*

Indies.

Honourable Sirs,

1. We have given you a full Account of the State of these Provinces, and our Transactions, to the great c it

6. Secondly, There was the imagine he was an utter Enemy to the L privately endeavouring to bring in the Promises of joining them against us. We

26th March; Triplicate of which Advices were for- firmed in this Opinion, from the great A ...« — 1_1 u., tj:_ ’ ei___„r \\r____ .1.. n_____________1 __________ a- _ . 77___? /-v.

shewed to our moiefting the French at C his elpoufing and protecting Monsieur Party after that Place was taken} his Lee in his Pay; and the certain Intelligence v. ceived from all Quarters, of his writing to Monheur Bovjfe, lending him large Pre

v*a

an

warded by His Majesty’s Sloop of War, the King's Fisher.

2. This Letter is purposely to acquaint you of a

happy Resolution in the Government of this Kingdom, in favour of Jaffier Ally Khan, of the Part we took in this Affair, and our Motives for it.; and of the Advantages obtained, by espousing the present Subah’s Cause, inviting him to march this Way. — This and placing the Sway in his Hands. rious, that it was publicly talked of

3. On the First of May Colonel Clive laid before his Coflids passing almost daily through Ball

us Two Letters he had received from Mr. Watts, dated but a few Days before, l'ome Elephants and the 26th and 28th April, in which, after some Ob- arrived at that Place, in their Passage to fervations on the Strangcness of the Nabob’s Behaviour, s Camp.

and that all all Degrees of People were persuaded he 7. Lastly, There was great Room to would break with us upon the first favourable Oppor- did not mean well, by the Orders he had tunity, he proceeds to inform the Colonel, that Jaffier fortify and the removing of Snjfr,

Ally Khan had sent for Coja Petrofe, and given him Family from Dacca into Pooranea — The Ini to understand, that most of the Nabob’s principal Of- our Boats and People met with in their fleers were tired of his Government, and ready to de- contrary to the Treaty of Pc;

fert him and set up another, if we would countenance many Actions of the same Nature, which j and support the Confederacy with the Assistance of our yond all Doubt, that this Dislike and Jealoi Troops: That if we approved of this Scheme, he de- Nation was rooted } and that he would not fired our Demands of what Monies, Lands, (sic, would Opportunity of ruining our Affairs, and e induce Us to engage in the Business. — 1» the last of the the English out of his Country. — It was the abovementioned Letters Mr. Watts repeats his Aippre- common Prudence to prevent our own Rui hensions of the Nabob’s Design to break the Treaty he could not be done so effectually any other V made with us, urges a speedy Answer might be lent by divesting the Nabob of the Power of hurti to Jaffier Ally Khan's Proposal, and gives it as his Opi- 8. Another Inducement.to undertake ti: nion, the Project was feasible, and might be executed was the univerlal Hatred of all Sorts and Con without much Difficulty. Men to Serajah Dowla; the Affection of 1

4. As a Proposition of this Importance required our alienated from him, by his ill Usage of the most serious Confederation, we accordingly debated and a Resolution so generally wished for, 1 maturely the Consequences of embracing this Offer, and probable it would be attempted (and perl whether it should be accepted or declined. — After a cefsfully) even without our Assistance} in whi long Consultation, in which every Reason for and would have availed us but little: Whereas against the Scheme was collected, and deliberately ar- tenancing the Confederacy, and supporting it

on; it was the unanimous Sense of the Com- whole Force, we might make our own Ter;

gued

mittee, that a Resolution in the Government, whatever Hands it fell into; would be advantageous to the English; that there could be no Hurt in trying to effect it, as our good Understanding with Seraja Dowla was extremely precarious, and a Rupture with him univer-(ally expected as soon as the Squadron and Army left us; and that by joining Jaffier Ally Khan, to (iipplant him, we should obtain, in all Probability, very beneficial Terms for the Company,' as well as live free of any

fit our Employers, both by present and futur tages, do a general Good, procure fume Satis the Inhabitants of our Colony for their heavy the Capture, establish the Tranquillity of the and by that Means open a greater Currency to our Business} and lastly, cut off the Ex of the French, and keep them totally out Dominions.

9. Motives so interesting, and fouudal prime Law of Self Preservation, determine

Apprehensions from the Country Government. But as these general Realons would not havejuftified our embrace the Proposal made by Jaffier Ah K embarking the Company in such an Undertaking, and vided adequate Terms were granted in Con hazarding a Breach with Seraja Dowla, after con- of entering into a fresh War with the eluding the Peace wre did, we think it necessary to w'hose Consequence must have proved ve recite at large our Motives for engaging in a Confe- mental to our Affairs, if the Succcfs of it deracy to change the Government, and doubt not they been answerable to our Expectations. Acc

Jr 2 Geo. lit. if? 871

jafter some Consideration, the following Demands were esteemed equitable and reasonable to be asked; viz. That our Firmaund, and the Privileges acquired by the Treaty with Serajah Dow la, be confirmed, and punctually com [died with; that Restitution be made of the Company’s whole Loss,* and the Loss of the European Inhabitants of Calcutta; that our Bounds be augmented; that we, have Liberty to fortify Coffin-buzar; that an offensive and defensive Alliance be made against all Enemies of both Parties, as well Europeans as others; and that the French be not permitted to resettle in these Provinces; that the Moors do not fortify within Twenty Miles of the River Side from Hugkley down to Ingellic; and that the Revenues of a certain Xraft of Land be made over and assigned to us, in Consideration of our maintaining a good Body of Troops. These Terms were accordingly transmitted to Mr. PVatts, to get Jajfier Aly Khan to assent to them.

10. On the 17th May, Colonel Clive laid before us a Letter from Mr. Watts, with such Articles of Agreement as Jajfier Aly Khans Confidant had assured him would be accepted of, and requesting, that if they Were approved of by the Admiral and Committee, they might be ingrossed in Cypher, signed and sealed by them, and returned To him to get them executed by Jajfier *ily Khan: As those Articles were greatly more advantageous for the Company than the Terms we had demanded, there could be no Objection to them bn our Part; they Were accordingly approved of, and ordered to be ingrossed with some Alterations; relating to the Satisfaction of private Sufferers. The Substance of them you will find in the Translate of the Persian Treaty, herewith transmitted for your Observation;

11. In order to prevent the lead Suspicion of what tve were doing, our Troops were ordered into Quarters, Part of them in Calcutta, and Part in Chandernagore\ and the JNfabob wrote to (agreeable to Jajfier Aly Khans Advice) to recall his Army encamped at Plqjfy and Dcndporer _

12. iVTatters being act’anced thufc far, it was next

judged pro per to obtain, if possible, a personal Conference betwee n Jajfier Aly Khan, and some Person otTruft and Cor^fidence on our Part: To effect this, without alarming trhe Nabob’s Suspicions* it was proposed for the CaloxicI to fend the Nabob a Letter by Mr. Sa'afton* Hands, acquainting him, that he had an

Affair of Consequence to communicate* by which Moans r. Scrafton might have an Opportunity of

leeing Jf*zr_£Jier Aly Khan, and confer with him on the Plan of CJ>perations for executing our Project; to act'ure him of our Attachment to his Interest; and to use his lLndeavou rs to get such Security as could well be given, without d ifeovering the Scheme.

13. On the 19th May the Treaty being ingtoffed in the Manner Mr. Watts had requested, it was signed and sealed by the Admiral and the Members of die Committee.

14. From that Time till the nth June, the Colonel received several Letters from Mr. Watts, confirming us in the Opinion we had conceived of the Nabob’s writing to Monsieur Boufj'e to march this Way, and extirpate the Englishi. — These Letters likewise gave a Detail of the Progress of our Negotiation with Jajfier Aly Khany who, on the 15th ultimo signed, sealed, and folemly iWore in the Pretence of Mr. Watts, to abide by the Treaty he had made with the English; and toper-form punctually the Agreement on his Part, as soon as tie was in Folfession of the Subahthip.

15. Adtirza Omar Beg, on the nth ultimo, arrived at the French Gardens, where we assembled a Committee, and had the Treaty in Persian executed by Jajfier Aty Khatty delivered us by the abovementioned Person, who gave us the greatest Assurances of his Friend-ftiip and Esteem for the English; that there would

VOL. 3J.

be very little Difficulty in effecting a Change of Go- East India vernment; and that we might depend upon it, Jajfier Affairs. Aly Khan would be punctual in performing every Article of his Agreement.

16* Mr. Watts, his Letters all urging the immediate March of our Troops towards Muxadavad; and the Committee for many Realons judging it belt to lole no Time, ps this appeared the moil favourable Conjundlure we could have to Juccced in our Enterprize; and as a Delay might not only produce a Discovery of our Confederacy, and consequeritly the Ruin of our Project, but would greatly diminish our Strength, while the Nabob would have Time to augment his Army, by calling in his Troops from all Quarters, and inlisting others; it was therefore resolved to let out immediately, and on the 13th of June our Troops began their March*

17. On the 19th or 20th June, Cutwah Town and Fort (a strong Place) was taken by our Troops, where the Colonel remained Two or Three Days, to get some Advice or Letter from Jajfier Aly Khan, having received but one in his Way up. — The 26th June we had the Pleasure to receive a Letter from him, with the News of a complete Victory obtained over Serajah Dowla, in the Plains of Plajfy; his whole Army and himself being fled, and we in Possession of his Camp, Ordnance, &c*

That Jajfier Aly Khan, Roydoolud, and Lutter Caun had observed a Neutrality during the Engagement, and were with the Colonel at the /Time of Writing of his Letter.

iS. On the 29th we received the agreeable News of Jajfier Aly Khans being in Possession of the City and Kiia of Muxadavad; that Serajah Dowla had withdrawn privately, but it was not doubted would be soon taken; and that Mokunlotl was Prisoner at the City. In a Letter of the 30th June, Colonel Clive acquainted us of his having leated Jajfier Aly Khan in the Mufihud; and that he had received the Homages of his Jemidars and People, as Subah of the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa.

19. We rtow beg Leave to congratulate! Vou, honourable Sirs, and the Company, on our Success in this important Business, and the happy Change of Government established in these Dominions so fortunately and speedily. — Our Loss has been but very trifling, not above 20 Europeans being killed, and Wounded.

20. The Advantages of the Treaty made with the present Nabob, are too apparent to want any Comment, if the Terms are punctually complied with, which we have not the least Reason to doubt; but we muff take the Liberty to recommend to your serious Consideration, the Preservation of the Grants and Privileges acquired by this Resolution, which can be done only by keeping up a large Body of Troops in the Country:

As it is the Company’s Interest to exert themselves on this Occasion, we make no Doubt you will immediately enlist, and send out a lufheient Number of Recruits, to make a respectable Garnlbn in Bengal. which should consist of a Body of Two thousand Europeans at least; which Expences we think will be overpaid by the Advantages of our Acquisitions: —

We flatter ouriclves, therefore, you will not, on any Account, neglect the fending such a Body of Europeans as we have mentioned to be necessary'This we are ‘ of Opinion will be the only Method ot preventing, in future, the Encroachments of the Country Government, to make our Friendship and Alliance courted, to carry on our Trade on the secureft Footing, and to oppose the Refetdement of the French in these Provinces.

21. Upon examining the Treasury, Roydoo/ub pretended there was but one Crore and 5° Lack of Rupees in Balance: — This obliged Colonel C/ivf to go to the City himself, in order to be near the Nabob.1 — This Letter of the 30th ultimo informs us to>

put

872

26° Maii.

India pUt an End to all Heartburnings and Jealousies between ffairs* us and the Nabob; he agreed to refer the Affair to Juggutfeai'z Arbitration: That the Nabob and he accordingly went there; and after some Consideration, Juggntfeat desired the Colonel would not infill immediately on the full Payment of the Sum stipulated in the Treaty; but that Half should be made good without Delay, in Money and Jewels; the other Half to be paid in Three Years, at Three annual and equal Payments. — These Terms the Colonel consented to, as they were better than he expected, considering the Lowness of the Nabob’s Treasury; since which we learn, that One third in Specie of the Whole was actually embarking on Boats for Calcutta.

22. But as the bad Consequences of deferring the Payment of any Part of the Money, appeared to us too evident to be allowed of, if it could be avoided, we have wrote the Colonel our Sentiments thereon, and desired the Gentlemen of the Select Committee, who are at Muxadavad, to use their bed Endeavours to obtain immediate Payment; but if that is not to be done, to get some good Security from the Nabob to abide by his Contract; that, for our Parts, we should prefer Juggutfeat's engaging to fee it punctually made good; and next to that Security, a Mortgage of such Lands contiguous to Calcutta, whole Revenues will be equal to the Sum to be received by us annually.

23. Having given you, honourable Sirs, a very particular Detail of our Transactions. since engaging in the Confederacy, to let up Jaffier Ally Khan, we have Reason to flatter ourselves you will approve of our Conduct through the Whole of this nice, but necessary, Step,

24. Mr. Manningham is gone up to Muxadavad to aflilt in hastening the Completion of the Treaty, and settling such Matters as relate to the mercantile Part of it.

25. By a Letter from Colonel Clive, dated the 30th June late at Night, we learnt that Serajah Dowla was taken; and by another Letter of the Fourth Inllant, we are informed of his being cut off by Jaffier Ally Khans Son and others.

26. Tranquillity being established by the Change, we have Advice of People’s Minds more at Ease, and no Apprehensions of Trouble from the Government remaining. We have begun the Purchase of this Year’s Invellment, by. fending Money to the different Aurungs; and hope, with the Alfillance of the Goods received from Serajah Dowla at our Subordinates and Aurungs, to be able to fend the Company a liandfome Return from this Presidency.

27. As the Sum of Money to be received from the Nabob, even if Juggutfeat's Determination is to Hand good, will greatly exceed our Demands for the Invellment: we propose to advertise, that all Interest Notes will bedischarged upon being tendered; and that, in case the Proprietors do not sue for Payment before the ift Day of October next, the Interest: will ceale from that Day. This will ease the Company of a very heavy Burthen, and we hope will prove very agreeable News. In this Place we must beg Leave to remark, that by Juggutfeat's Determination, the Company are to receive, for Three Years lucceflively, the Sum of 16 Lacks and Two-thirds of Rupees in Specie, which, with the Sale of your annual Imports, and the Amount of Bills of Exchange that we shall be under a Necessity of granting, will be fully sufficient, we imagine, for the respective Investments of those Three Years, without obliging the Company to run the Rifquc of any Bullion for the Supply of this Presidency, till that Term of Years is expired.

*28. These Advices are dispatched in Triplicates to the Select Committee of Bombay, to be forwarded to Europe by them, by the quickcft Conveyances, either by Shipping or by Land. We shall endeavour'to fend 9

Copies to Fort Saint George, to be for Wan to Europe; and shall dispatch the Di\ about the Middle of next Month direct another Copy of this Pacquet; by wl hope the Company will get the Intel! has happened in Bengal before the Ships leave England.

29. Since writing thus far, the Aio: adavad is arrived.

We are, with the greatest Ref] honourable Sirs,

your most faithful Fort William, humble Se

14th July 1757. Roger L

Ruhd L

Proceedings 17 th May Fort William, the 17th May Tuesday, 17th May 1757.

At a Committee; Presiden The honourable Roger Drake, Esquil Robr Clive, Esquire. James Kilpatrick, Eli RicJA Becher, Elquir The Proceedings of the 12th Inst;

fair, were now read, approved. Colonel Clive lays the tollowin Mr. Watts to him, before tl which being read, contained as Copy of Mr. Watts, his Le Clive, dated the 14th Ma\

I received a Letter Two Days ago froi wherein he writes Omichund, that you give him 5 per Cent, on whatever Money on the new Contrail. — As I by no IV merits such a Favour, or has atted so difii as I once imagined, I have not menti Cent, to him. The Particulars relating are come to my Knowlege, are these; W was concluded with the Nabob, and th Mohurs agreed to be given in Confid Plunder of Calcutta, the Nabob had agret Roy and Omichund to pay 20,000 Gold which they told the Nabob was to be gi leading Men in Calcutta, for assenting besides which, the Nabob agreed to gi Rupees, half of which Omichund agree was to have; 25,000 Rupees he was hit and the other 75,000 Rupees was to to whom Omichund thought proper These Particulars I had from Omichunc from very good Authority have been la that, on the Nabob’s Arrival here, Ru very pressing with him to comply wit of Paying the 20,000 Mohurs, and the L in Hopes of getting Possession of the La which the Nabob was not inclinabi This Omichund observed, and in order tc at a proper Time he told the Nabob, I Roy was iuffered to interfere in our Assai would be obliged to pay the above Su disgraced him, he would save the Advice the Nabob followed, and Omic sideration of this Advice, got Purwannah to the several Aurungs, to have his W and Effcdls, delivered up. — To corrol have been informed of, I this Day af if 1 should apply to the Nabob for the he advises me strenuously against it, fa secret Contract, and by no Means proj mention, but he would himself think of it. — I shewed the Articles you sent up who did not approve of them, but u demanding for him 5 per Cent, on all Treasure, which would amount to 2 Cr besides a Quarter of all his Wealth; and tl

i a Geo. III. i6a Mali 873

should oblige himself to take from the Zemindars 'no more than they paid in Cazvn's Time. — To

secure Roy Dolub to his Interest, he proposed giv-

ing him a Quarter Part of whatever they could dupe Meer Jaffier out of — These, and many other Articles,

in which his own Ambition, Cunning, and avaritious Views, were the chief Motives, he positively infilled on, and would not be prevailed upon to recede from One Article. — Perceiving his Obstinacy would only ruin our Affairs, and that we should alarm the Jealously, and lose the good Opinion of all People, and that the Accomplishment of his Treaty (if agreed to) would take some Years; Meer 'Jaffier likewise aving expressed an utter Distrust and Diiguft at his being any Ways concerned in the Treaty, and as Delays are dangerous I therefore, with had a Meeting

with Meer Jaffier’s Confidant, who lets out Today with the accompanying Articles, which, he fays, he is fore Meer Jaffier will comply with: If the Admiral and Committee therefore approve of them, I request you will get the Articles wrote on large thin Paper, in Cypher; the Sheet to be divided into Two Columns. — On the First Division the Agreement to be wrote in Cypher; which is to be signed by the Admirals; you, the Committee and Council, affirming in the Name of God, and our Saviour, that you will abide by this Agreement.- —

In the Second Division I shall write the Agreement in English; and on the Third it will be wrote in

Perjtatt. — -These Two last I shall lign and seal when the Articles are agreed to.' Jaffier desires to

know your Opinion with regard to the Operations of

War.----- He thinks it adviseable for you to write to

the Nabob, that agreeable to his Desire, and on Promise of his doing the fame, you had withdrawn your Forces. That while his continued in the Field, and the Company's Business must continue stopt, and that they could not think of rifquing their Money to the Aurungs, while neither a Boat, nor European, could pass without Molestation. — You therefore request him, either to comply with his Promise of recalling his Troops to the City, or let you know his real Sentiments, that yoc*. may take proper Measures accordingly — If. the Nabob should comply, Meer Jaffier will acquaint you wit H his Sentiments how further to proceed. — If he refufirs, other Measures must be pursued. I declarfe solemnly before God, that what relates is strictly true; and the Information of him relating to Rung-^e-x Roy I had from good Authority; but I request -you will, for the present, keep it an inviolable Secret; you must be sensible the critical Situation of our Affairs require it.

Articles sent by Mr. Watts for Hie Approbation of the Committee, ift. *That Meer Jaffier will confirm all the Giants made the English by the present Nabob.

ad. That he will make an Alliance with the offensive and defensive, against all Enemies, either Country, or European.

3d. YVherever the French are in the Provinces -of Bengal, Bakar, and Orijfa, to be delivered up, with all their Effects and Factories, and they never permitted again to settle in either of the said Provinces.

4th. On Account of the Company’s Losses and Expences, to be paid them One Crore of Rupees.

5th. On Account of the Losses of Europeans, 30. Laaks.

6th. On Account of Jentoos, 30 Laaks.

7 th. On Account of Armenians, 15 Laaks.

8th. on Account of O30 Laaks. 9th. Whatever Ground there is within the Calcutta Ditch, belonging to the Zemindars, to be given up to the English, and 600 Yards without the Ditch all round.

1 oth. A Trail of Land, whose Rents in the Mogul's Books amount to 100,000 Rupees yearly, to be bought it a reasonable Rate, from the Zemindars, and the Nabob to assist us in the Purchase; we paying the annual Vol. 33.

Piflicafh or Revenues, as ufoal, to the Nabob: What- East India ever Profit may arise from this Zetnindary to go towards A *"* paying the English Military.

nth. Whenever the Nabob wants the Assistance of our Army, the extraordinary Expences to be paid by him.

The Committee then proceeded to the Examination of the foregoing Articles. — To the first Four, and the 9th,

10th, and nth, they make no Objection, but rather esteem them extremely beneficial to our Employers; the 5th, 6th, and 7th, it is judged proper to alter, as we do not think the Allowances made there, will bear a just Proportion to the real Losses of the respective People: — The Committee therefore think. That the Sum for European Losses should be increased to 50 Laaks; —

That the Sum for Jentoo Losses should be reduced to 20 Laaks; and the Armenian Losses to 7 Laaks. — These respective Sums to be divided among the Europeans,

Jentoos, and Armenians, in such Manner as shall appear most equitable to Admirals Watson and Pocock, and the Select Committee; or the latter alone, should the Admirals not be on the Spot at the Time; and that the Distribution they make, shall be liable to no Contest or Appeal.

The Article in favour of Omichund, the Committee think, should be totally left out, as his Behaviour rather merits Disgrace and Punishment at our Hands, than such a Stipulation in his Behalf. — The Committee like-wife think. Two other Articles should be added; viz.

That the Moors do not fortify by the River Side, belo w Houghly.

That the Whole of this Agreement be fully complied with within One Month from his being seated as Nabob, at Muteadavad, or any other- City within the Provinces of Bengal, Bakar, and Orixa.

It was then considered, how we might deceive Omichund, and prevent a Discovery of the whole Project, which we run the Risque of, should we hesitate or refuse to infill on the unreasonable Gratification he expects and demands; and on the other hand, it would be highly improper to stipulate, much more to demand, with any Obstinacy, such extravagant Terms from Meer , for a Person who can be of no Service in the intended Resolution; so on the other, it would be dangerous to provoke a Man of Omichuntfs Character, by seeming to

take no Care at all of his Interests, and slighting his Weight- and Influence, which might prompt him to make a Sacrifice of us, and ruin our Affairs entirely.

For these Reasons we think it will be necessary to form a double Treaty, both to be signed by Meer Jaffier, and by us; in one of which, the Article in favour of Omichund is to be inserted, in the other, to be left out; and Meer Jaffier is to be informed of that which we design to abide by, and esteem authentic, with our Reafbhs for'taking such a Step.

A Conference with Meer Jaffier being necessary, on this and other Accounts, and a Difficulty arising how to obtain one, without giving Suspicion; it is proposed.

That the Colonel do write the Nabob a Letter, acquainting him that Mr. Scrafton has an Afiair of great Moment to communicate to his private Ear; and in order for gain the Nabob’s Confidence, and incline him to think us sincere in our- Friendship for him. It is agreed. That Mr. Scrafton carry Letter to the

President, and shew it the Nabob, on his Promise of returning it; by which Artifice, Mr. Scrafton may- have an Opportunity, in his Way up, to confer with Meer Jaffier (now encamped- near Kijfnon the following Subjects; viz.

To settle a Plan of Operation for carrying our Project into Execution; to persuade him of the Moderation of our Demands; to explain to him thd Part Omichund is acting; and affine him of our Constancy and Attachment to his Cause; that our Request for his not fortifying below Houghly, is not on Account of any Apprehensions we entertain of his Integrity, but to provide against any Designs of his Successors; and,

10 N in

26° Mali.

East India in fine. That Mr. ScraftoH use his Endeavours to get Affairs, such Security as can well be given, without discovering the Scheme, that we may have no Room to suspect any Treachery.

Roger Drake, Junr.

Rob1 Clive.

Richd Bee her.

Proceedings, 19th May 1757.

Fort William, 19th May 1757. Thursday, 19th May 1757.

At a Committee; Present,

The honourable Roger Drake, Esquire, President. James Killpa trick, Esquire.

Richard Becher, Esquire.

The Proceedings of the 17th Instant, being wrote fair, were now read, approved, and signed.

Received a Letter from Colonel Clive, inclosing the real and fidtitious Articles of Agreement, which he desires we will sign, as we may observe Dispatch is ne-cell'ary: By the Copy of a Letter he now fends for our Perusal, from Mr. Watts; he informs us, There are no Alterations to the Articles we agreed upon, excepting its being left to Mr. Watts his Discretion, to demand either a Crore, or 50 Laaks for the Company, as he finds Meer Jaffier disposed; and an additional Article annexed, binding the aforesaid Jaffier Ally Cawtt, to the Performance of the Contract, under the most solemn Oaths; and that we, on our Part, will assisthim with our whole Force, to establish him in the Government.

Read Mr. Watts his Letter to the Colonel, dated the 16th Instant; wherein he informs him, that Meer Jaffier had lent a Blank Paper, with his Seal affixed, for the Articles to be wrote on: He recommends the Agreement therefore to be returned him with the utmost Haste, and every Thing will be finiftied in Two Hours.

Read the Agreement transmitted by Colonel Clive, to be executed by Admiral Watson, and the Committee; which being approved, was now signed.

Ordered, It be entered after this Day’s Proceedings.

Roger Drake, Junior, Richard Bee her.

'; - art. > *> ‘ . V f rt "ifV . ,t ' . , k r ’ /I , . f «t

Translation of the Treaty executed by Meer Jaffier. (Wrote in his own Hand.)

I swear by God, and the Prophet of God, to abide by the Terms of this Treaty whilst I have Life,

; . ilrovJi si, 5! I Use it-J so tit <

Treaty made with the Admiral, and Colonel Clive, Sabut Jung Bahadr, and the other Counsellors, and Mr. Drake, and Mr. Watts.

1 ft. Whatever Articles were agreed upon in the Time of Peace, with the Nabob Serajah Dozvla Munfurul-memalek Shah Kulli Khan Bahadr Hybut Jung, I agree to comply with. *

2d. The Enemies of the English are my Enemies, whether they be Indians or Europeans.

3d. All the Effects and Factories belonging to the French in the Provinces of Bengal (the Paradile of Nations) and Bahar and Oriffia, shall remain in the Pofiession of the English, nor will I ever allow them any more to settle in the Three Provinces.

4th. In Consideration of the Losses which the Eng-HJfi Company have sustained by the Capture and Plunder of Calcutta by the Nabob, and the Charges occasioned by the Maintenance of their Forces, I will give them One Crore of Rupees.

5th. For the Effects plundered from the English Inhabitants of Calcutta, I agree to give 50 Laak of Rupees. . i

Meer Mahmud Jaffier Khan Bahadr, Servant of King Aalumgeer.

6th. For the Effects plundered fr< Mujfulmen, and other Subjects of Calcuti of Rupees shall be given.

7 th. For the Effects plundered froi Inhabitants of Calcutta, I will give th< Laak of Rupees. — The Distribution of ted the Natives, English Inhabitants, Jet felmen, shall be left to the Admiral an< Sabut Jung Bahadr, and the rest of to be disposed of by them, to wh proper.

8th. Within the Ditch which furrou of Calcutta, are Tracts of Land belan Zemindars, and all the Offu, besides th the English Company Six hundred Yar Ditch.

9th. All the Land lying to the Sov as far as Culpee, shall be under the Ze English Company, and all the Officers shall be under their Jurisdiction. — The ! paid by them (the Company) in the fan: other Zemindars.

10th. Whenever I demand the Engl'i will be at the Charge of the Maintenanc

nth. I will not eredf any new Forti Hughley, near the River Ganges.

12th. As soon as I am established in tl of the Three Provinces, the aforesaid faithfully paid.

Dated 15th Ramzan, 4th Year of the II

Six Letters from Serajah Dowla 1 and One from Mr. Law.

Ntf 1. Supposed to be wrote the lat FebruajJ 1757.

Serajah Dozvla, to the exalted in St amongst great Officers, the Support Monsieur Bujie Babadre.

These Disturbers of my Country, the Colonel Clive, Sabut Jung, whom bad F without any Reason whatever, are w Zubdatook Toojah, Monsieur Rennault, of Chandernagore: This you will learn fre I, who in all Things seek the Good of ft him in every Respect, and have sent him Troops, that he may join with them and lish; and if it becomes necessary, I w ill self. I hope in God, these English w tunate, will be punished for the Disturba raised. Be confidant, look on my F own- I have wrote you before for Soldiers and Mufqueteers, under the Co or two trusty Chiefs: I persuade myf already sent them as I desired; should fire you will do me the Pleasure to fen diately. Further Particulars you will lea sieur Rennault. Oblige me with frequent Health.

N° 2. Supposed to be wrote about 1 March 1757.

Serajah Dozvla, to the distinguished o the Sword of Riches, the victorious sieur Bujie Bahadre.

I have with great Pleasure deceived ] being arrived near the Oriffia Country \ ful Army of Soldiers, Telingas, &V. to of the Commander of Chandernagore. I self great Pleasure in seeing you; a Mce firm the great Friendship between us. 1 the Naibs of the Subab, the Phoufdars of Midnapore, to wait on you, and assist March.

«75

12 Geo. III. 16° Math

N° Supposed to be wrote the latter End of March

17J7;

Serajah Dowla to Monsieur Bujie Bakadre &c.

I am advised, that you are arrived at Echapore: This News gives me Pleasure; the sooner you come here, the greater Satisfaction I shall have in meeting you. — What can I write of the Perfidy of the English? they have without Ground picked a Quarrel with Monsieur Reynault , and taken by Force his Factory: They want now to quarrel with Monsieur Law, your Chief at Coffimbuzar; but I will take Care to oppose and overthrow their Proceedings: When you come to Ballafore, I will then fend Monsieur Law to your Assistance, unless you forbid his letting out. Rest allured of, my Goodwill towards you and your Company; and to convince you of my Sincerity,-1 now fend Purwannahs to Didarally, and Ramagee Pundit, and to Sing,

that as loon as you may enter the Province, that they may meet and lend you all possible Assistance, and not on any Pretence impede your March. Both at Cuttack Rajah of Ballafore, and Midnapore.

N° 4. Suppoled to be wrote the latter End of March

c . , 1757-

Serajah Dowla, to Rajaram Sing.

You write me that Monsieur Bujie is arrived at Echapore,6 Days Journey on this Side Chicacut, and 6 Days on the other Side Cuttack-, this Letter I have received: You must obtain good Intelligence and employ proper Hircarras, and so loon as Monsieur Bujie is arrived in your Limits, receive him in the politest Manner, so that he may be well pleased and satisfied with you: The Moment Monsieur Bujie arrives, present him the inclosed Purwannah: Esquire.diligently and inform me, whether he has passed the Chilka. I have wrote to Didirally and Ramagee Pundit, that when Monsieur Bujie or his Army - arrives, they do not impede them.

N* g. Supposed Jto be wrote the latter End of April

l7S7- v.

Serajah Dowla, to Monsieur Law.

I lend you 10,000 Rupees for your Expences, Remain quiet at Rajahmaul: When Monsieur Bujie Bahadre,

(Ac. comes on this Side Cuttack, I will then lend for you.

N° 6. Suppoled to be wrote the latter End of April

175 7*

Serajah Dowla, to 1 have sent Monsieur Law 10,000 Rupees: Do you counter*.ance and assist him at Rajahmaul; and when I write For him to come here, do you accompany Monsieur

Law:----- Write the Purport of what I now inform you

of, to JVdahmud Nazam.

N* 7- Monsieur Lazo, to Monsieur Bugrofs, Chief of ' Sydabad.; 7

Je viens de recevoir une Lettre du Nabob, par laquelle il m’ordonne de retourner a il

veut, dit il, fc joindre a nous pour tomber (\\v\ts Auglou. J’ai requ aussi une Lettre du Sieur Changeau, qui me tlonnc d’assez bonnes Nouvelles. Je luis surpris que vous ne m’avez rien, car je ne puis croire que vous soyez tout-a-fa.it ignorant de ce qui fe pafle. J’envoye Monsieur d« Sinjray au Nabob, avec lequel il eft charge d’entrer en Negotiation. Il a Ordre de rester a notre Loge; comme il eft votre Ancien, vous aurez la Bonte de le reconnoitre pour Chef, et de lui obeir en cette Quality. Peut-etre irai-ie bicnt6t vous trouver.

J’ai l’Honneur d’etre,

avec une parfaite Consideration, Du Gamp Monsieur,

devant Gmmpagnore, Votre tres humble,

le 4 me Mai 1757. & tres.obeilTant Scryiteur,

Raw.

Vol. 33.

Appendix, N* 6;

A(Fairk

Letter from Charles Watson, to President, of Select Committee, dated 3d March.

To the President; tAc. Members of the Select

Committee.

Gentlemen,

I have the Favour of your Letter of Yesterday’s Date, acquainting me, the Nabob having signified his Dislike to any Hostilities being committed on the French within his Territories, has occasioned you to alter your Opinion of acting offensively against the French within the Ganges; and the French having applied to you; to enter into a Neutrality, you have drawn up Articles for that Purpose, and desire my Sentiments and Approbation thereon, before you lign it: My Approbation you always may depend on, in every thing that will tend to the Company’s Advantage; how far this Neutrality will answer that End, you must be the best Judges. — However, as you have de fired my Sentiments thereon,

I have very maturely considered the Articles you have drawn up, and am of Opinion, the Treaty ought not to take place till such Time it is returned from Pon» dicherry, ratified and confirmed; and theri; upon your signifying to me, roy observing such a Neutrality will be the properest Step that can be taken for the Advantage of the Company’s Affairs, I shall, upon such a Representation, have no Objection to giving you my Promise thereto.

This would be making a Neutrality on the surest Foundation, that can be obtained in this Part of the World; and indeed, upon my hearing the first Hints from the French of this Design, I did suppose the Committee at Chandemagore was invested with proper Powe rs, to make and confirm such a Treaty of themselves, otherwise f should not have listened to them as much as I did: But finice 1 have been assured by the present Deputies, they have not those Powers, but that the Articles must be sent to Pondicherry, to be there ratified and confirmed, I can by no Means think of agreeing to such a Neutrality, whereby it is so evident, the French will have every Advantage, and we subject to every Uncertainty. Will they not reap immediate Benefit by the Neutrality as it now stands? And further.

Shall we be certain of its being complied with, till it is returned from Pondicherry, ratified and confirmed by the Governor and Council there? This appears to me, to be giving so sensible an Advantage to the without

even a Possibility of benefiting by it ourselves, that, vfith regard to myself, I cannot think of giving my Content to its taking place, till such Time we are certain it will be agreed to by the Governor and Council of Pondicherry.

(The 6th fays, in order to validate this Treaty, and make it more authentic, both Parties shall fend a Perftan Form of a Guarantee to the Nabob, and use their joint Endeavours to prevail on him and some of his principal Officers, to sign and swear to the fame.

I make no doubt of this being a very proper Measure of making the Treaty lading and firm between both Nations, provided the Objections to the Nabob being properly qualified for such an Office, were removed.

It is now Three Weeks since the Peace commenced, in which many Articles were promised by him: Are they yet complied with? Give me Leave to go a little farther, and aik. When they will be complied with ? I am afraid it is too difficult a Question, to be answered with any Degree of Exactness. Is it reasonable then to suppose, if the Nabob should sign this. Guarantee, and swear to the Observance of it, that he will pay any more Regard to that, than he has done to the fulfilling the several Articles of the Peace? or is it the Policy of this Country, to place your Confidence in the Man who has not observed his Word, though bound by the

most

East India

876

26° Mail.

mostfolemn Protestations? If it is, you could not pitch upon a more proper Man to guarantee this Treaty, than the Man you have choole. But as you have desired my Sentiments on this Matter, I must beg Leave to tell you, that I can by no Means think the Nabob ought to be addressed on this Subject, till he has fulfilled all the Articles of the Peace; and that appears to me, to be the most necessary Business to be hastened, and I think as short Time as possible should be given him, for the-completing it: If he intends Peace, and to . continue in Friendship with us, he will comply; but if not, he will deal evafively, to gain Time, till he thinks himself strong enough to return here again; therefore it’s my Opinion, you should acquaint him, unless the Articles are complied with by such a Time, you should esteem him as an Enemy, and aft accordingly.

This, Gentlemen, from the best Reflectiqps I have been able to make, is my sincere Opinion of the Subject you desired.

I am, Gentlemen,

Fort William, Your most obedient

March 3d, 1757. humble Servant,

Cha*

P. S. Inclosed, I return you the Deputies Answer to your Articles.

Lord Clive's Letter dated 4th March 1757.

To the honourable Roger Drake, Esquire, Members of the Select Committee of Fort William.

Gentlemen,

As Mr. Watson has declined accepting the Two Expedients proposed to him by us, in refilling either to attack Chandemagore immediately, or enter into such a

Neutrality with the French, as we have recommended to him, and which we think greatly for the Benefit of the East India Company, both in these Provinces, and on the Coast of Coromandel-, I think he has taken the Consequences of all Miscarriages upon himself; as in so doing, if I am not misinformed, he runs counter to His Majesty’s Instructions, which require, that he should give Attention to all Representations made to him by the Company’s Agents in India, for the Good of their Service.

This leads me very ferioully to consider the Situation of the Company’s Affairs on the Coast, and the pofi-tive Orders I have received from the President and Committee at Madrass, to return at all Events with as . great a Part of the Forces under my Command, as could possibly be spared. This, Gentlemen, you are fully acquainted with, and must be sensible, nothing can induce me to risque any longer my Return to the Coast, now rendered very uncertain by the Lateness of the Season; but the immediate Attack of Chandemagore,. become, in my Opinion, absolutely necessary. If the Neutrality be refused, do but reflect, Gentlemen, what will be the Opinion of the World of these our late Proceedings. Did we not, in consequejice of a Letter received from the Governor and Council of Chandemagore, making Offess of a Neutrality within the Ganges, in a Manner accede to it, by desiring, they would fend Deputies, and that we would gladly come into such a Neutrality with them ? and have we not since their Arrival, drawn out Articles that were satisfactory to both Parties; and agreed, that such Articles should be reciprocally signed, sealed, and (worn to? What wifi the Nabob think, after the Promises made him on Our Side, and after his contenting to guarantee this Neutrality ? he, and all the World will certainly think, that we are Men without Principles, Or that we are Men of a 'trifling insignificant Disposition. It is therefore incumbent on vis to exculpate ourselves, by declaring the real Truth, that we were intirely ignorant of Mr: Watson's Intentions to refute the Neutrality in the Manner proposed, and settled by us, and' that we always thought

up*

him of a contrary Opinion, to what dares. I am persuaded, these must be of the Gentlemen of the Committee, would have gone such Lengths, as muf to the Censure of all reasonable and Men.

You may be assured, the Instant the Offers of Neutrality refused, they will itnr the Nabob in all his Designs against us, least Intentions of not complying with th< of Peace; it may then be too late to wil had been pleased to pay more Attentio presentations.

Give me Leave, Gentlemen, further to 1 though Mr. Watson has done every thing expected from a brave and gallant Man, greatly instrumental towards settling the Province, that our future Operations agaii will chiefly depend upon the Land Fo Officers -of such Forces must ‘certainly Judges of what can be effected by Lan take upon me to give it as mine and Opinions, that Success against the Nabc together will be very precarious, notwitl Arrival of the Bombay Troops, which fell Strength of the Detachment on board th<

I must therefore requestyou will join with r Mr. Watson a third Time to ratify the Nei Manner agreed upon; and if he refuses, will attack Chandemagore by Water imm< am ready to do by Land with the Fort Command; and if he refules this likewise, responsible for every Misfortune that may 1 East India Company’s Affairs.

This done, I propose leaving all tile possibly spare for the Defence of the Com ments. Rights, and Privileges, in Bengal with the rest immediately to the Coast, agi positive Orders received from the Presiden mittee oi Madrass; and I must reaueft y

proper Conveyances for that Purpose.

I am, wkh great Respe Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humb

R<

Calcutta,

4th March 1757.

Two Letters from Charles

and 12th Ma 1757. Fort William, the 12 th Man Saturday, 12th March

At a Committee; Present,

; The honourable Roger Drake, Esqi Messieurs Clive and Killpatrick.

Gentlemen,

I have the Favour of your Letter of Date, acquainting me of your having recei from Mr. Watts, with one inclosed from which had occasioned some Alteration in yc I beg Leave to acquaint you, I also recei Yesterday from the Nabob, by which I it’s possible yet to obtain his Consent tc French-, therefore, I immediately answered and strongly pressed him for his Permiffn he should grant, I am very ready to give Assistance in my Power for reducing the attacking them wherever there is a Prof] ceeding.

You must be very feqfible, that some tit your Application to me for attacking C by Land and Sea, I assembled a Count when it was agreed to put it in Execution just upon the Point of proceeding up the you again altered your Opinion, and frot

1

i a Geo. III. 0.6° Mail. 877

presentations it would be then prejudicial to the Company’s Affairs, I defifled.

As soon as I hear from the Nabob, I will do myself the Pleasure to give you an Anl'wer to the latter Part of your Letter, relating to the Neutrality.

I have the Honour to be.

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient, humble Servant,

Fort William, Charles

7th March 17 57.

Gentlemen,

I have received your Favour of this Day’s Date, acquainting me with your Motives and Reasons for altering your Sentiments in relation to your Conduct with the French, and now desiring the Assistance of His Majesty’s Squadron to attack Chandernagore

You may be assured, I shall mofl readily give you all the Assistance I can in this Enterprize, and am heartily glad in the present Circumstances I am in, of having received His Majesty’s Declaration of War against France, with Orders from the Right honourable the Lord’s Com-irifiioners of the Admiralty to put the same in Execution, that this Step is judged a right Measure.

The Nlonient the Pilots think it safe to move the large Ships, I shall proceed up the River, and am. Gentlemen,

Your mofl obedient, humble Servant, Fort FFriIliam, Charles Watson.

izth Friar ch 1757.

La ft Paragraph of Colonel Clive's Letter to the Secret Committee, dated 22 August 1757.

— Nl r. f-Vatfon is no more; every one here received

the melancholy News of his Death with much Concern. His Generosity, Difinterefledness, and Zeal for the Service, mull for ever endear his Memory to the Company. Unhappy Fate ! after having escaped all the Rifques of War, to be thus untimely cut off in the Midst of l-is Successes, crowned with Glory and Reputation I This is but one of the many Lessons given us of tlJe Jn(lability of human Nature. — Concern for this good Alan’s Death hastens me to a Conclusion, and I have only to assure you, I am, with the greatest Keipedt,

Honourable Sirs,

Your mofl obliged, humble Servant, Calcutta 9 Rob' Clive,

2ad Auguy? 1757.

A p p t n d 1 x, N® 7.

Copy of a Letter to Lord for the Delivery

ot Part of the Correspondence held by him with the Country Powers in Bengal.

My Lx>rd,

In your Lordship’s Answer to a Letter, which I had. the Honour to write to you in October last, by Order of the Gentlern.cn in the Direction, concerning the Country Correspondence, from the 24th January 1759, to the Time your Lordship left India, you were pleased to signif}', that you proposed being in Town in a few Days, and would then Jay before them any Books or Papers, which the Gentlemen might think anyways serviceable t o the Cause of the East India Company; at the same Tim<^ your Lordship intimated, that, to the heft of your Remembrance, you were in Possession of the Country Correspondence, to the Time cf your leaving India in February 1760, but that there "were one or two material Sections mislaid, which you Tiad made diligent Search after some time ago, but «i\d not despair of finding them upon a farther Enquiry.

Vol. 33.

As your Lordship has not yet transmitted this Correspondence to the Company, which they are advised is absolutely necessary to be examined and considered in forming their Answer to the Bill preferred by your Lordship against them in the Court of Chancery, as well as that the Company are, from withholding this Correspondence, left entirely in the Dark with respect to more than a whole Year’s Transactions, and at a very material Crisis, with the Country Powers; I am therefore, in consequence of a Resolution of the Court of Directors, to desire your Lordship will forthwith deliver to the Company, the Whole of the before mentioned Correspondence, together with all Books, Writings, and.

Papers whatsoever, in your Lordship’s Possession, which in anywise relate to, or concern, the Company’s Affairs, agreeably to the Covenants entered into between the Company and your Lordship.

I am, with great Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lordship’s most obedient, and mofl humble Servant,

East India House, Rob' James, Secretary,

the 12th August 1763.

Letter from Lord Clive, that he will fend his

Countiy Correspondence mentioned in the Secretary’s Letter, of the 12th August, as soon as he makes a Transcript thereof.

SIR,

The Country Correspondence mentioned in your Letter of the 12th August last, is transcribing and is not yet finished } the Moment the Transcript is made, the Original shall be delivered to you.

As to the Sections mislaid, they were delivered by me in September or October 1760, to Mr. Campbell, in order to prepare a Memorial concerning the Dutch Affairs to be laid before Mr. Pitt, the then Secretary of State; and from that Time to this, I have not had or seen them; and although I have made the best Enquiry after them I can, I have not yet been able to come at them, or find out where they are: But I can assure the Court of Directors from my own Knowledge, that there is nothing contained in those Sections, which can anyways affect the Matter in Dispute between the East India Company and myself; and if the Court of Directors are desirous of having any farther Satisfaction, that may be had, I believe, on applying to Mr. Campbell, who is acquainted with the Contents of the missing Sections.

As to the Demand of the Court of Directors, that I shall produce all Books, Papers, and Writings, whatsoever, in my Possession, agreeable to the Covenants entered into between the Company and me; I mufl observe to you. Sir, that those Covenants extend only to the commercial Affairs of the Company, in which I had little or no Concern; however, 1 am searching for all Papers in my Custody, relative to Affairs of that Kind, which I will deliver to the Court of Directors; and although I am not (as 1 am advised) obliged to produce any Books or Papers, other than such as relate to the commercial Affairs I have mentioned, yet I am ready to produce any other Books, Papers, or Writings, in tny Custody or Power, relative to any of the Affairs of the Company, if the Court of Directors will be pleased to specify the particular Books, Writings, or Papers, they desire to inspect.

I am. Sir,

Your mofl obedient Servant,

Berkeley Square, *

September 12th, 1763*

The President to the Seats, dated 31st January 1759.

N® 281.

I always understood, that when you had procured me the Sunnod for a 6,000 Munful and 5,000 Horse, with the Title of Zubdit al Mulk Nazier ad Doula, that the

10 O Nabob

V

i6° M

East India Nabob would have favoured me with a Jaguire, equal to Mkuu the Rank I received by my Sunnod; but to this Day I have not heard a Word from him concerning it. As this is an Affair of my own, I have not chose to address the Nabob thereon now. As there is a strong Friend ship subsisting between you and me, I beg Leave to give you the Trouble to apply to the Nabob concerning this Affair, and that 1 may have a Jaguire equal to my Rank.

From the Seats to the President. No Date: Received 20th February 1759.

Your Two obliging Letters, One answering ours which accompanied some Apples to you; the other, that you understood when we had procured you a Mun-fub and Titles, that the Nabob would have favoured you with a Jaguire, equal to the Rank you received by your Sunnod, but that to the Writing of your Letter, you had not heard from him concerning it; that on Account of the Friend ship subsisting between us, you desired we would apply to the Nabob and procure it, we have with great Pleasure received, and are rejoiced to hear you are in good Health, for which we return God Thanks: Agreeable to your Orders, we addressed the Nabob to give you a Jaguire; he has long determined not to grant Jaguires in the Subahship of Bengal; Orijfa is poor, but if it is agreeable to you to have one in the Subahship of Bahar, it will be immediately granted you; of this I thought proper to advise you. Please to acquaint us with your Resolution on this Affair. We are going to a Place of Devotion with all our Family in a Day or two, accompanied by some of the Nabob’s Forces. By the Favour of God we hope to return in Six Weeks.

N° 326.

The President to Shah AHum Bahadre, Son of Allum Quire, Baudftiah, and Successor of the Empire.

Dated 27th February 1759.

I have had the Honour to receive your Highness’s Fhmaund; it gives me great Concern to find that this Country must undergo a Scene of Troubles. — I beg Leave to inform you, that I have been favoured with a Sunned from the Emperor, appointing me aMunfubdar of the Rank of 6,000 and of 5,000 Horse, which constitutes me a Servant of his; and as I have not received any Orders, either from the Emperor or the Vizier, acquainting me of your coming down here, I cannot pay that due Regard to your Highness’s Orders which I would otherwise wifii to do.

I must further beg Leave to inform you, that I am under the drifted Engagements with the present Subah of these Provinces, to assist him at all Times, and it is not the Custom of the English Nation to be guilty of Insincerity.

Appendix, N* 8.

From the Seats to the President. No Date: Received 4th June 1759.

Some Time ago wc were favoured with an obliging Letter from you to this Purport, that you had been honoured with a Munfub, of the Rank of 6,000, and the Command of 5,000 Horse from the Presence; and that we, who are your faithful Servants, had procured you the Sunnod, but that as yet no Jaguire had been granted for the fame, and desiring that we would address the Nabob as we thought proper on that Affair, and procure the Jaguire, which would give you Satisfaction. — Agreeable to your Orders we often reminded him of it, and he himself was contriving about it: We have lately addressed him again, and he informs us, that he has pitched on a Place for your Jaguire in the Subahship of Bengal \ and by therBlefling, when you return to this City, an Account thereof will be delivered to you. On this we rofc and paid the usual Compliment on this Occasion. We, who are your Sincere Friends and Well-

w'ifliers, hope to be favoured with ar your Health.

Appendix, N° 9.

Mr. Holwell's Address to Mr. Fanjitlarty 41 Fort William the 4th August 1 7 Monday. At a Select Committee; Pr The honourable Henry Vanfiltart, Esqi William Brightzvell Sumner, 1 John Zephaniah Holwell, > El

William MGuire, J

Read, approved, and Signed, the Proceedi Agreeable to the President’s Req well now lays before the Con Address, with such Remarks, 1 as may convey to the Presiden of the present Situation of t Affairs in these Provinces.

Da

44 Honourable Sir and Sirs,

" As my Health, and the Consideratic cumstances, will soon oblige me to req from the Board to resign the Service previous to that Step, to accompany dress with such Remarks and Mcmori vey to the honourable the President (

44 amongst us) a Knowledge of the pr<

44 Situation of the Company’s Affairs,

44 connected with, or dependent on, tl " of Bengal.

44 To form a Judgment of the present in Bengal, it will be needful to retrof Resolution of the Year 1757, when ]

44 just Resentment for the most cruel I 44 us to enter into a Plan to deprive SuraJ 44 Government; which was accordingly Mahomed Ally Khan fixed, by us, at Provinces, on certain Conditions, ai of Alliance, offensive and defensive.

44 A short Space of Time fully prove<

44 the Family thus raised: The Conditic could not be obtained from the Nabc in a Manner extorted from him; an Shifts and Evasions, it was plain to single Article would ever have been had the Nabob been inverted with to have prevented it, or could he hx self of his own Fears and Apprehe Resentments.

44 Tankas on the Lands were how<

44 the Payment of the stipulated Sun Times, by which the Roy-Royen D<

44 dies, and every Harpy employed in and Revenues, became our implacab consequently,

44 A Party was soon raised at the Di 44 the Nabob’s Son, Mir am, and Rajah were daily planning Schemes to (hake dance on the English, and continual!

44 Nabob, that until this was effected was a Name only: The Nabob, foi by the Protection given Rajah Dooh and irresolute in himself, fell too foe timents.

44 The firstStep taken to accomplifl Independance, was to assassinate, an one Pretence or other, every Min at the Durbar, whom they knew 1 44 the English. In consequence of wl and Cozzum Ally Khan, First an were affaffmated in November and and after many Attempts made 01 44 Rheim Khan, Golam Shaw, his Unc they were at last obliged to seek an Shaw Zadah, 1759. — Roydoolub, his S 44 thers were proicribed, on noAccoui

*2 Geo. III. 26° Matt. 879

*c various Informations he gave us, and his firm Attachment. This Family would have fallen a Sacrifice,

" had they not been rescued out of the Nabob’s Hands by Force of Arms. Amier would from the same Cause have suffered the same Fate, had he not given his solemn Engagement to quit the King-'* dom; which he accordingly did.

" The next Project of the Durbar appeared by every concurring subsequent Circumstance, to be a secret " Negotiation with the Dutch, for transporting Troops .* from Batavia into these Provinces, that with their united Force a Stop might be put to the Power of " the English. This Scheme was conduced by Raja " Ragebullub, on the one Part, and for the

" Dutch, on the other, about or November

1758, the Period when the Decan Expedition took " place, and the Garrison was much reduced.

" Soon after, the Provinces were invaded by the Slia Zadah, on the Side of Patna, and Colonel " with our Military, and Sepoys, joined the Nabob " and his Troops, and by forced Marches preserved " Rajah Ramnarrain steady in his Duty, and arrived " just in Time to save that City and Province, and <l drive the Prince, though the undoubted Heir to the " ICingdom, beyond the Curramnajfar, and brought the BuAgepore,&c. Countries into Subjection to the

*« Nabob.

" The Prince more than once wrote to the Colonel, w offering any Terms for the Company, and himself, " on Condition the English would quit the Nabob, and * join his Armsj but the Colonel thinking it incom-* -patible with our Treaty with the Nabob, gave the Prince no Encouragement.

" At the End of the Campaign the Colonel returned to us in June 1759, and the two Nabobs arrived at the City, about the same Time, with full Conviction of our firm Attachment to his Government and

" Family, and our religious Regard to our Treaties. — WT^at Sense they retained of these Obligations, and " how long, will appear by and by.

€€ *The Nabobs, thinking themselves now better establ i shed in the Government, and screened by such a " fa re and powerful Support as our Arms, began to " fetr no Bounds to their Cruelties, Oppressions, and " El reactions, from those who had any Thing to be plundered of — And this barely received a Check from " th e severe and frequent Remonstrances of Colonel " C/£*ve to the Nabob, on a Conduct which he foretold "Hi ra, must, from the general Detestation of his Peo-"Ple, end in the Destruction of himself. Family, and Country. — His Troops, clamorous at the same Time For their Pay, whilst the Nabob, in place of appro--priating the Sums he had acquired by repeated Affa.flinations, to the just Demands of his Jemmautdars ♦« and Troops, lavished the same in boundlcfs Extravagancies.

«e About the latter End of July 1759, the young Na- bob arrived, on a pretended Visit to Colonel Clive, " but the real Motive was to negociate, if possible, the " Delivery of Rajarage Doolubram, and Two or Three " other Articles given him in Charge by his Father; " such as the Surrender of the Tanka Lands on Security; the borrowing of us a large Sum of Money; &c. "In these, the Son proving unsuccessful, a Member of " the Board, and Select Committee was, at his Desire, " font to accompany him to the City, to reconcile the " N abob to the Negatives his Son had received at Cal-- " cutta: and at the same Time to intimate to him the

" Advice we had received, that a large Armament was . " fitting out at Batavia, destined for Bengal, and to * penetrate, if possible, his Sentiments on this Occasion, and what Resolutions he would come to, in case that Force arrived in the River.

* He was not to be reconciled to the Refusals his Son had met*, but determined to try his own Power, and declared his Intention to pay the Colonel a Visit him-

VOL, 33.

" self in Septemberj Which he did, with Succeis equal to E»ftT«<8a

" his Son. He seemed to make light of the Dutch Intelligence, and not to give Credit to it, though he " discovered much Perplexity. However, he wrote a " Letter to the Colonel, demanding our Assistance, by " virtue of the Treaty of Alliance, in case the Dutch " Troops came into the River.

" The Armament arrived during his Visit; his Stay " after that was short; his Mind seemed much cm-'

" barrafled, and his whole subsequent Conduct gave " most undoubted Proofs, that the Dutch Forces were " arrived by his Invitation, That such were the Sentiments of Colonel Clive and the Council, appears.

" from the Narrative of that Dutch Business, transmitted " to the honourable the Court of Directors, and to.

" our several Admirals. A Perusal of this Narrative " will convince the impartial, that the Nabob, in his " Behaviour on this Occasion, was guilty of a most flagitious Breach of the Article of the Treaty of Alliance, and that from the Period, no Terms whatever " should have been preserved with him, after such unexampled Treachery and Ingratitude. To which,

" by way of illustration, we may add the subsequent " Forces carried on between the Nabobs and the Dutch,

as set forth in the several Letters between Mr.

" well, and the Resident, at Moraugbag, on this Subject,

" by Reference to which it will appear most manifest, that " the Nabob’s real Intentions never were to distress effectually that People, but on the contrary were only " aimed to amuse and deceive us j witness the private " Orders and Instructions given to Mhir Cojpm Aly Khan,

" so opposite to his public ones, when he was sent down " to demolish the new Works at Chinfura; in the apparent Delays of this Service, CoJJim Aly Khan suffered " much in the Opinion of the late President, tho’ unjustly, as we subsequently learnt he was aifting conformable to the private Orders of the Nabob.

" In the Beginning of the Year 1760, the Shaw " Zadda invaded the Provinces again with a Force more " respectable than the preceding Year, both in Troops " and Commanders, by the Revolt of Camgaar Khan,

" Golam Shaw, Reim Khan, and others; the Nabob,

" by this Time, having made himself and Family so " universally hated, that we may justly say there was " hardly a Man in the Provinces, that did not wish " Success to the Prince.

" Colonel Clive resigned the Government early in " February 1760, about which Time the Mkarattas " entered the Province, from the Southward, and penetrated into the Burdoman Country, making a considerable Diversion in favour of the Prince. The Nabob " demanded a Body of our Troops, Sepoys, and Field " Artillery, for the Defence of this Country, to join " his, under the Command of CoJJim Aly Khan,

" which was granted; but their Use was frustrated by " the Nabob’s pusillanimous, irregular, and contradictory. Orders to his General, Cojfim Ally Khan, to march " with our Troops to Cutwah, and the City, in place " of marching directly to the Southward. Thus this " Country fell a Prey to the Mharattas, and a Stop was " put to the collecting our Tankas, on which was our " greatest Dependance and Expectation, for the Service " of the Year (Vid. Military Correspondence in the " Months of February and March 1760.)

" Our Troops, under the Command of Major laud, had taken the Field, in conjunction with the " Nabob’s, under Command of his Son, some Time " before the Colonel’s Departure for Europe, and shaped " their Rout towards Patna, whilst the Nabob himself " remained in the Neighbourhood of Rajamhol, a Check on Cuddein HoJJein Khan, Nabob of Ptcrnea (then in " Rebellion) until Subut's Advance recalled him to " the City.

" A regular and particular Detail of the Transactions " of this laborious Campaign will not be expected here,

" as the Progress of it will present it self in the Course

"of

East India Affairs.

880 a6°

" of the military Corrcfpdndence kid before the Committee; therefore Remarks on the Success, Effects, u and probable Consequences, will be sufficient.

" This, like the former ones, has produced no defi-u nitive Action, or Stroke, to lay the least Foundation of a Peace to these Provinces. In the Course of this f< Campaign Three morally sure and important Oppor- tunities were loft, by the Cowardice of both the Na->4 bobs; the First, when the young Nabob refused to u join the Major in the immediate Pursuit of the Shaw <c Zaddah, when routed near Patna; the Second, when *f Ihe old Nabob refused to comply with the Major's H earheft Request and Demand, tocross his Horleover H the Burdowan River, and attack the Prince, when " united with Sublet, &c, the Third, when, in the late 4C Pursuit of Cuddeim HoJJein Khan, the young Nabob u refused to lead or detach his Horse to the Major’s w Assistance, by which a general Action might have " been brought on; but, on the contrary, he kept en-u camped Two or Three Miles in the Major's Rear, as u if his Intentions were to leave our Troops without Horse, a Sacrifice to the Enemy. Had the most been u made of either of these favourable Occasions, the Stroke " had, in all human Probability, been decisive; as it is, u it only proves, that we continue to draw our Swords " in Support of a Family most unworthy the Government they have by our Assistance usurped; and this w to the manifest Hazard and Ruin of the Company’s 44 Trade and Concerns.

44 On the near Approach of the Major to Patna he received a Phirmaund from the Prince, of which w he advised the Board, and promised to forward a 44 Copy: but no Wonder, that in the Course of so M extraordinary and fatiguing a Campaign, it should escape his Memory. On his Arrival in the Beerboen Country, after the unexpected March he formed upon his Defeat, the President received Intelligence, that the old Nabob had actually a Vakeel in the Shaw Zad- da’s Camp, and that he was negociating a separate u Treaty with him: This appeared to have so dange- rous a Tendency, that any Means were eligible to obtain the Truth of it.

44 The late President, by a Third Hand, procured 44 AJfud Jumma Khan, Rajah of Beerboen, and his Un- cle, Comgaar Khan, to be wrote to on this Subject, of the Nabob’s Vakeel and Treaty: This soon produced 44 a Phirmaund from the Prince, inclosing Copy of the Nabob's Arzdafiit: The President made no Reply to the Phirmaund, but returned a short one to Comgaar Khans Letter, which accompanied the Phirmaund, 44 intimating, that Copies carried little Validity where Originals were in being.

44 A few Days before the Prince began his Retreat from the Hills, the President received a Second Phir- maund from him, inclosing original Arzdafiit from the 4i Nabob: All that can be said for or against Belief being given either to the Authenticity of the Copy or Original, will appear on the Face of the Correspon- dence, in two Letters from the President to the Ma- jor, under Dates the 22d and 24th April last, and to 44 Mr. Raftings, the 20th of the same Month. To 44 these we may further remark, that if they are For- gcries, they have yet this corroborating Signature of Truth, that the whole Tenor of the Nabob's Con- dud most exactly tallies with the Terms of the Arz- dafht. But to resume the Course of the Campaign to the present Time:

44 Patna is relieved and secure for the present. Cuddeim 44 HoJJein Khan is dispossessed of his Government, and drove out of the Country, but with all hisTreafure and valuable Effects, to the Reproach and Infamy of the young Nabob’s Memory; so that after the Rains he will easily join the Prince with the Essentials of War, which he only wants to harass the Provinces Five Years longer. The young Nabob is taken off 44 b) a Flafti of Lightning, and our Troops are gone

Mail.

44 into Quarters, after having done as mi than could have been expected, from Nfl edly supported by those very People, for vation they endured every Distress and braved Variety of Deaths.

44 The Prince has found Means to pr< 44 and Forces a Footing on this Side the the Neighbourhood of Patna. It is Khan has forsaken the Cause of the P 44 appears most improbable, not only on A 44 having no other Chance for reimbursing because we have undoubted Intelligence his Troops have lately joined his N< 44 Jemma Khan, who has thrown off his the Nabob. These Troops are doubt! 44 make an early and important Diversion, 44 ing of the next Campaign, by entering Country, as soon as the Prince begins 1 44 tion above; and thus our Supplies fron be again cut off, and the Company’s 44 duced to the last Extremity of Distre approaching Ships of the Season relie whole Tankas on those Lands could during the Rains. The latter is hard any serviceable Degree, and the formi little Probability. The late Proposal of to pay our Balances, and resume his 1 44 voutly to be wished; but it is likewise he has no Meaning in it.

44 The various Reasons urged against th supporting the present Government lo Plan we have been some time pursuing,

44 Injury of the Company, with various E 44 reicue them from manifest approaching forth at large in the Military Correspondi ters from the President to Major Cm 44 Dates the 24th and 25th of May, 14th 44 July, to Mr. Amyatt, under Date the ze May, and 1 ft July; both the Reasons and in the present State of Affairs, seem rathe than contraindicate any other. However Death of the Nabob (if made a proper L 44 to point out a middle Way, if Things too far already, to admit of any other tha ing this Family of the Government altog the President’s Letter to Mr. Hastings, of last Month, and to Major Caillaud, of the Subject of a Successor to the young Nabc Respecting all Matters relative to the the Nabob, the Dutch and us, the Tank;

44 structions raised by the Nabob on our colie as also 'the late Secret Treaty between and the Mharattas, &c. they will appear of the Correspondence without Exaggeral Ordered, That the foregoing Narrative c the'Table, for the Perusal of the several Mer Committee.

Henry Vc W" B. $

J. Z. Ho

; 1 ‘ f ‘

Fort William, September the nth. 17 The honourable Henry Vansittart, Esquire, Lieutenant Colonel John Caillai William Bl Sumner, Esquire.

John Zeph. Holwell, Esquire. William McGwire, Esquire.

Read, approved, and signed, the Procea 28th Ultimo.

C»WCa;iW,mV» Colonel Caillaud _ in from Patna. Committee that he left

31 ft of last Month, at w the Prince was at Dowdnagorey on this Side that all the Reports of his crossing it were ove: Monsieur Laws9 with Mazvdarah Dawlett, wen to repass the River and join him. It was 5

12 Geo. III. 26° Matt88

next Motion would be towards Camdar Khan, with Designs upon these Provinces it -is. alruoft certain will whom the Operations of the next Campaign were to be pursued.

be settled. From the Experience of these Two Ye^rs, it is

Before we resolve upon a Plan of pretty clear that our Troops, although always vie* sS’P'mST Operation*. we will attempt torious in the Field, yet they cannot, by their, Sue-

Description of the State the Com- cess, put an End to the Troubles: The same Cause p.any’s Affairs are now in, and this not to be confined which has prevented it still exists; the Nature/ of to Bengal, but with regard also to the Exigencies of the those People, in Alliance with , whom we are to.trft* other Settlements; who are told to depend on this/for who will not pursue the Advantages we gain; and Supplies of Motley: — Our Influence increasing from we not having the Means in our Power, for Want Time to Time finee the Resolution brought/ about of a Body of Cavalry under-our Command.- — Thus by Colonel Clive, so have we been obliged to inqretlfe the War may be protracted for Yfafs.to come j, and our Force to support that Influence. '’We have now every Year the Nabob’s Circumstances grow, worse more than a thousand Europeans*, and Five’ thousand and worse, through an Increase of Expence-and Toft Sepoys, which, with, the contingent: Expences of ap of Revenue* npt only by rite Dev, aftat, ions tbf.Enemy Army, is far more, than the Revenues allotted for make, hut by the continual Defection of some of his their Maintenance, This Deficiency was npt so much own Rajahs and Dependents.; Many in the Course-of attended to whilst the immense Sums stipulated by tjic the Two last Years have, declared themselves; and Treaty Were coming in; but these Relources being that others are ripe for doing t ho- same . is npt to now quite exhausted, and no Supplies of Money com- be doubted, particularly.,the Rajah of Beerhoon, ja a ing from Europe, it becomes immediately necessary Letter the Governor lately ,received from, him, has to secure to the Company such an Income as will spoke bis Sentiments very.j&fjcjy* The Province,

- bear them clear of Charges, and-bring in, besides, is already so* much-.reduced by- the Two last

a Supply for the Emergencies of their other. Settle- Campaigns, as to be incapable of affording.-Subsistence ments, and for providing Cargoes for loading Home to the Prince any longer* who must always find-on their Ships. — The first Question then that naturally the Spot the Means of carrying on the War* living occurs, is this: - no -Refqurceswithin himself;and who consequendy

Whether that great Force is wanted ? That a less muff, through Necessity,. attempt next ]Yaar to peng-Force would secure the Settlement of Fort William, trate further info and in this he will no Doubt

with its former Bounds, against every thing that is by the Sucpefs which attended his last Year’s Ipcurfion now in the Country, is not to be doubted; but, it i§ as far as i,

as certain, that nothing but that Influence and Weight* It is therefore next to be considered, whether;it ijj which we maintain by the Largenpfs of our Force, best for the-interest of the Nabob to pursue the precan possibly prevent the well.known Designs of tlip sent Measures,. by, continuing tooppose the Shawzad-Two principal European Powers, whq have long fllared dah, or to support him/, in his Pretensions to the with us the Benefit of the Trade of this Country.j Crown of Delhi: — The Two Parties still subsist, be-and to this we may add, that the nearer we approach tween,.wlpm-the Throne is disputed, or rather who to a Peace in Europe, the nearer-wp are to our Dan* shall give a., king to that, Throne. — - One of those ger here. . Parries has repeatedlyfinvited-. the Shawzacjdah-, to him;

These Oonfidefations having their due Weight, we and it is well known what Offers, he has made both believe few will dispute the Necp.ffity of keeping ifp to the Nabpb- and us for our Assistance: The feme ourpre lent Force, perhaps augmenting it: This granted* Reasons may be supposed yet to have their Weight jtfollptvvs, that Means must be, found within ourlelvqs with him while the Dispute remains undecided; and ®f ./up jporting the Expence;. and these. Means. can be isf it not probable that such an Assistance- given to no otlx g r, t han a pipped ioqable Share of the Revenues the Prince and thrown into Abdallah's Scale, would of the Oquntry. . , . insure the Success of the Enterprize ? The immediate

By t Vie Treaty jmade with the present Nabob, he.b Consequence of this to Bengal would be clearing the obligeas oftenns. it may. be; requiftte for- our Troops Country of an Ene'my, by removing the ' Cause whence to talce the Field, to furnish a Lack of Rupees # all the late Trqublcs.and Confufton have arose; and if we Mont It* for their Expence; but thft Uncertainty) of with Rqafpn flatter ourselves we should succeed, what this Payment has been too long./experienced -to-be Advantages may not the Company expect ? any more depended on; nqr indeed is it by any Means Supposing this Change of Measures does not apT luffici nt to answer the Purpose, supposing thq-JPay^ pear to-die Nabob in the Light we have represented, ments regularly made: It mud therefore be propolqd it is to be considered whether the Exigencies of the t,o the Nabob,- Jp assign to the Company,.a much Company’s Affairs before described, do not require larger Income,.and ,-to assign it in.,such a full and our forming such Connections independently of him, ample Manner* by, giving, to the Company the-fpfe as nqa.y over-rule the Advice and Sway of his Crea-Right of such Districts, as lay most'. convenient; fof tures and Mipiifters.

our Management} that we may; no longer be fub/eft The unfortunate Death of the young Nabob hav-, to the Inconvenience?, we; experienced from the Jafo ing created-a Number of separate Interests, which Tuncaws, being. Orders, only on:;a,(certain Part of the it >s impqf^bie to conciliate to the Satisfaction of all. Revenues. — From the experienced Weakness and , Un- and thereby gives the fairest Opportunity to any other steadiness of the Nabob himself, and the Natqre-jof European Power to gain a Party to support them those Dependants who, now rule bin), and who by in their Designs of establishing an Influence here, is self-hiterested Views mult naturally oppose every; Ip- an Inducement to make us follow such a System, as crease of our Power, as their own will of course- bq will pptthis the most out of their Power.

proportionably lessened: it is to be, supposed, (hat fijfti .^The Sfiare of Influence we now enjoy in these Pro-a Proppfel would mieet with all the Difficulties that ymces*. however great in Appearance, does not carry could possibly be thrown jp our Way. Notwithstapd- with it those real Advantages and weighty Effects ing tlaofe Difficulties, we will suppose we should hav§ which are necessary not to leave that Power in Dan-WeigVit enough ,t6 over rule his Counsellors, and to ger of being disputed, and of failing us at a Time obtain his Consent.. We then just keep our prefer^ when we most- vvant it; and.nothing is more probable Tooting. We have a Fund for piling our Tropps,; tlran that that Period will happen on a Peace, to pre-and those Troops, must be employed in the Service veqt ttye evil Consequences of this: There ieenis now of the ..Nabob and this Service* the same as for tlvefe to;°$*r Jucfi. an Opportunity of- securing to ourselves Two last Yejrs jn pppofing th? Shawzaddah* vtJiqfe ali we could with in this respect, as likely may Vol, 33. io P never

East IsJm Affair*.

Kaftlndh

Affairs.

882

26° Mail

A.

Iiaver happen again; an Opportunity that will give us both Power and Right.

Another principal Motive that urges us to think of changing our System, is the Want of Money; a Want that is not confined to ourselves alone, but on which greatly depend,

The Operations on the Coast,

The Reduction of Pondicherry, and,

The Provision of an Investment for loading Home the next Year's Ships at all the Three Presidencies.

It is hardly to be doubted but the Shazadah would be willing to enter into a Negociation with us, independant of the Nabob; but such a Measure would neither be for the Interest nor the Honour of our Nation. Our Views in adopting this System, should be directed rather to strengthen, than weaken or overthrow the present Subah; — All we desire, is to see the Power removed out of the Hands of that Set of Men, who now rule and direct the Affairs of the Subah, and through whose Mismanagements and Frauds the Country and his Administration suffer so considerably. To have such a Share of Power inverted in the Company, as will enable them to prevent the bad Consequences of so many contending Interests, that will effectually put a Stop to that Dissipation of Revenues, which hath reduced the Nabob to his present distressed Condition 5 which Revenue, if properly applied, would leave him nor us any Thing to fear from the Designs of any Enemy; effectually secure to us such a Fund as would answer all our present Exigencies; and in Time prove an Increase of Honour and Advantage to the Nation and the Company,

Henry Vanjittart,

Wm B. Sumner, y. z. Hoiwcii,

Fort William., Stpf ijth X760.

At a Select Committee; Present The honourable Henry Van fit tart, Esquire, President.

Colonel Caillaud,

Wm Brightwell Sumner, Esquire.

J. Zephaniah Holwell, Esquire.

William McGuire, Esquire. Read, approved, and signed, the Proceedings of the nth Instant.

, The great Objects of our present Deliberation are, First, the securing a Fund of Money for the present and future Exigencies of this Settlement, as well as the other Two Presidencies, no Money being expected from Europe; and Secondly, The putting an End to the Disturbances fomented and kept up by the Shazadah in several Parts of thele Provinces: That the Whole may be united under the Nabob, and he put under the more immediate Influence of the Company, whose Force is his chief Support and Dependance. By this Means enabling us to join a large Body of Country Troops to our own, to oppose any Attempts of European or Country Powers.

The Question to be considered is. Whether we can best arrive at these Ends by following the present System of opposing the Shazaddah, or by propoling to him an Alliance with the English, and the Assistance of Part of our Forces to proceed with him to Delhi, and support him in his Pretensions to the Throne.

In following the present In following the 2d System System, the chief Dif- proposed, the chief Difficulties that occur are Acuities that occur, are

these. these.

1 ft. How to provide for ift, How to gain the the Payment of the Na- Nabob’s Consent. bob’s Troops and our Ar- 2dly, The State of the my that are opposed to the Country considered, when Shazadah at Patna. such a Force is drawn from

2dly, How to prevail on it, as will enable us to assist the Nabob, besides supply- the Prince.

5

3dly, How t Prince’s Party, will be induce him.

4-thly, How diate Sum of

on the Coast, t of our Troops Present to the 5thly, Are \

of his refusing with them ? at How are we If the former much increasing the above Demand, to furnish us here with the Money wanted for our Military and Commercial Occasions, and for the Supply of the other Presidencies.

3dly, The Possibility of be found, that the Shazadah's meeting enough to supp with better Succcfs than heretofore; and in that Cafe, What would be our Situation ?

4thly, The Defe&ion of the Nabob be! different Chiefs in the Coun- gociation is be try encouraged by the Shaw, our Demands by which the Revenues of is^he to receivt such Distri&s are loft, and wards, as Ore those adjacent lessened by King, when \ their Incursions. dared him fu

5thly, Supposing we yet latter, Is then meet with Success, how shall we put an End to the War ? having experienced, that gaining a Victory over the Shazada, does not deprive him of culty of gain the Means of renewing his sent ? Attempts.

6thly, Supposing we should even be able to pulh our Success so far as to drive the Shazada out of the Province, would the confused and impoverished State of the Country, furnish us immediately with the Means of railing the Sums wanted for the general Occasions of the Company.

The railing the Sum wanted is a Dish< Cafes, almost unsurmountable: — It certai obtained without imposing on the Na Terms which of his own Goodwill he come into. In Favour of the Change < is to be said, that the Means and Re( Country, from which the Money must < more capable of supplying it when th< moved, by the March of the Shazadah t ward.

Consequently those which we can prev Part with us in this Project, and to aflil ing the Nabob into it, will be more rea< Money upon the Promise of holding Employments.

And as on both Sides there must be Force or Violence exerted over the Nal tions, it may be done with a better Gr more Effect, by Means of Orders from the

With regard to our Forces and the them, with respect to the Security of tl Settlements here, it must be considered Cafes our Troops must be divided: — A are more at hand to be called to join Necessity; but yet so distant, that probal cned Danger would be upon us before t rive, and the Road would be open for to follow immediately; and after havir fession of the rood valuable Parts of th< join our Enemies, which would make even worse than before.

The Committee therefore are of Op cumstances considered, that the Settlerr be more secure with the Forces that wil if by joining our Army to the Shazadal ing with him to the Northward, we ca to all the Inland Troubles here, tha:

12.Geo. III.

2 6° MaiL

883

.'em Disposition of keeping that Army at Patna, to make That if we could undertake to give him the general Head against the Shazadah, especially if we can procure Management of the Country, by taking it out of such Terms ns will enable us to assemble on any Occa- the Hands of those who are now intruded with it by fion a large Country Force to co-operate with us here; the Nabob, he would then make feck Alignments in and such Terms, we doubt not, the Shazadah will im* favour of the Company, as Should he perfectly to our mediately offer. Satisfaction. — At the same Time he insinuated, that

j jit- , Resolved therefore unanimously, this would undoubtedly meet with Opposition at Muxa-

Shada&'rt/iUv* m That t^)e entering into an AHiaoce and at first prove very disagreeable to the

r*with the Shazadah, is a necessary and Nabob himself: For which Reason it would be quite expedient JWleafure. — The President is accordingly de- necessary to have a Force at hand to fapport him. By fired to press CqfftM Ally Cawn on the Subject of our which being enabled to over-rule the present Expences, aand our great Distress for Money, Co as Councilors of the Nabob, he could answer for bring-to draw from him some Proposal of Means for re- ing the Nabob himself into such Terms as shall be moving those Difficulties; by which probably we may agreed on here. — With respect to the Shazadah, he be able to form a Judgment, whether be might not did not lean to have any Notion of offering him Peaces be broughr to join in this Negociation, and in pro- but laid, he should be able to keep up a sufficiene curing the tMabob’s Consent. There is another Person Force to frustrate any future Attempts on this Pro* here, Roydead/uk, who has been long under our Pro- vince i The President thinking this a sufficient Protection; and whole Attachment to the Company is gress for the First Conference, did not make him nof to be doubted: Through him it is thought this acquainted with our intended Negociation with the Intention n ay bell be opened to the Shazadah j Shazadah, and which he imagines may better be opened but as an -Interview between him'and the President to him by one of his old Confidants: CoJJim Ally at this TT~i me, might look suspicious, and give an Cawn professed a Regard for Royduhtb, and a Define Alarm so the Nabob, Mr. Holwell is desired to open to fee him; but as it was thought such an Inter* the A flair to him, and take his Advice how best to view could not be brought about with Secrecy; and manage. if kndwn, would give an Alarm to the Nabob; it

was' therefore determined to confide in as thefitteft Person to make known our whole Plan to CoJJim Ally Cawn. 1

Ur. Holwell’/ , Mr’ «" PST

tf bit Ctwvtr/atitm mittee. That, agreeable to their Re-vtith Roydulub. solution of Yesterday, he bad last

Henry Vanj

fVm B. Sumner.

J. Z. Holwell.

For-f William, September the 16th, 1760. At a Seleifh Committee; Present

The honourable Harry Vansittart, Esquire, President. Night a Conference with Rajah who re-

Col. Caillaud, ceived the Overture with much Satisfaction, and ap-

fVm B. Sumner, Esquire. proved in general of the Plan; but thought there was

y. Z. Holwell, Esquire, some Objection to the proposed Manner of addressing

Wm MGwire, Esquire. the Prince, as it would cause much uoneceflary Delay,

approved, and signed, the Proceedings of the which for many obvious Reasons should be avoided,

15th Instant. and would not give him the Weight necessary on this

Tie GoRetort The President acquaints the Com- Occa (ion, to obtain an immediate Stop being put to J b* Cnnxrjh.* mittee, that in a long Conversat’ioa the Prince’s Operations: That he thought our wait-Coffin, Ally he had last. Night with CoJJim Ally ing for an Overture from him was too nice a Punc-Cawn, he had an Opportunity of tilio at. this Juncture* because he knows the Prince jpaVAtyg some Progress towards the Discoveries requi- is in such a Situation, as will not permit his hesitating site for carrying on the Negociation proposed Yes- to accept any Terms we offer. He thinks nothing tetday: — That without letting him know any thing can prevent or delay his immediate Concession to all of our Design, he had led him to make such Decla- we aile, but the Article of confirming Meet rations of his Desire to have the Role over the Nabob, Ally Cozen, not only on Account of his personal Re-and the general Management of the Affairs of the Pro- fentment, but as it is contrary to1 the Laws and Rules vince, as amount almost to a Proof of his Readiness to of the Empire, the appointing a Seyd to a Sobahdary: aft the Part intended for him. Therefore fays, we had better demand Sunnods at

After telling him much of our Regard, and of our once; that the Power of Subahd&rry, Buxgerrea, and Opinion of him as the fittest Person for conducing Dewanhee, be lodged in the English Company; and the great Affairs of the Bengal Government, I began then we may confirm Meer Jaffier Cawn our-

to make him strong Representations on the Subject of selves, if we think he deserves it. — That there is no the Company's Expences: That the immediate Charges Occasion to stipulate for particular Lands for the of the Army exceeded f^ur the Sum assigned for that Maintenance of the Troops and Ordnance, as the Jag-Purpose; which Sum also was not regularly paid, there giers of a Host, a Hazzare, are always let apart being Three or Four Months Arrears: — That besides for that Purpose. — He requests, he may not be thought this, he could not but be sensible how much the Com- of for the Post of Roy Rayen, but that he may be pany gave up in other Parts, for the Sake of pro- favoured with that of the Buxeys Ncabut under the viding for the Security of Bengal, withdrawing their Company. He thinks he shall -he Able, without much Forces from the Deccan and from M'adraft, and lending Difficulty, to conciliate Matters with Comgar Cawn, continually fresh Supplies from Europe. I represented and the other Rajahs of the Prince’s Party,

to him further the great Lois the Company had fuf- as they are rood of them his Friends. He assures the fered by tho long Continuance of the present War Committee, he highly approves of the intended Pro-w\th the Shazadah; and how much it was to be motion of Meer Ally Cawn to the Dewannee,

withed, for the general Benefit, that an End could and will tnoft readily co-operate with him in all Mat* be nut to it, so as to enable the Nabob to reduce ters, conducive to the Completion of our Flan, as tb? ' his Expences, and collect his full Revenues, of which only pofiSrfe Means left to recover the Peace apd ' st great Part is how loft by the Ravages of the Eacmy, flourifiling State of the Provinces, and revive the Com* -particularly the whole Produce of the Patna Province. pany’s Trade and Influence

— A _ ft...- A — aLL Z'. /T — AH.. 't_

In Answer to this, CoJJim Ally Cawn replied. That he b« it npt at present in his Power to provide in a -Dropcf Manner for the Supply of the Company: — Yot- 33*

Henry Pau

ft* B. Sumner,

J. Z. HVwe*.

Ekfi India Affiu/K

East India Affairs.

260 Mail:

Fort William y 24 th' Otto her 1760. i J;.* At a Select Committee; Present,

William Ellis, Esquire, President.

William Brighiwtll Sumner, Esquire.:

William M‘Gwire> Esquire. r Received the following Letter from the President, and Colonel Caillaud, dated at Miradbag the 21 ft; Instant. -v-r.;\ Si: »

Gentlemen,: *'>;

The Governor wrote you Yesterday of the Affairs here being settled to the Company’s Advantage: We shall now have the Honour to acquaint you of the Steps by which we advanced to this Point of Suc-ccfs. > ! vi rlS'ii 0.; ..1

The Nabob’s Visit to the Governor at CoJ/imbvzary the 15th of the Month, as well as that we paid him the next Day in Return, passed only in general Conversation. The 18th, he came hereto talk upon Bufinest: Ln or* der to give him a rhore clear and full View of the bad Management of his Ministers, by which his own Affairs as well as the Company’s are reduced to so dangerous a State, and the Inhabitants in general to Want and Misery; we had prepared Three Letters, which after a short and friendly Introdu&ian, the Governor delivered to him, and of which Translations are hereunto annexed,' under N° 1, 2, & 3.

The Nabob seemed much affected by the Perusal of the Letters, but endeavoured more to put an End to the Conference than to propose a Remedy to the Evils:) We, however, preyailed on him to' fend for his Dinner to Moraudbagy and in a Manner infilled on his coming to some Determination for the immediate Reform of his Government. A At length he confessed himself; through Age and Grief, incapable of struggling against so many Difficulties: He desired Time to conlult with his Friends. We told him the Men with whom he had lately advifqd were not his Friends, but his greatest Enemies; that his returning again in the Midst of them, would only be the Means of augmenting: his Difficul-i: ties; that he had much better take the AffiCtance of one from among his Relations,: on whose true Attachment and Fidelity he mightimore.safely rely; he named Five qr Sips, :and among them; Caffim Aly Khan. We asked bin) which'of that Number ,was the most proper, to assist him in his present Exigencies: He replied, without any Hefitatfop, That KaJJim Ally Khan was the most proper; neytfttheless* it was with the utmost-Difficulty we could prevail on him to fend for him;, and fix very late, that before KaJJim Aly Khan could arrive, the old Nabob was so extremely fatigued, and in such a State of Anxiety, that we could not! refuse his Return Home to take his Rest. We were rdnvioccd indeed, that it would be to no Purpose to keep him 5 for /uch was the Jealously he discovered with respect to KaJJim Aly Kjiajiy that we saw he never would . consenty without some fort of Force, to give the other the Means of restoring Ord^r to his Affairs. Ar\ Hour or two after the Nabob’s Departure, KaJJim Ally Khan 1 rrived^ and seemed to be extremely apprebeofive, that the Nabob, instead of ttfjftirtg him with , th^ Management of Affairs, would ej&fe;sivoijr by some Means or other to get rid, of hiqi,. , We agreed therefore ih Opinion \vith him, that he should not go -to the Nabob’s House, until Measures were taken for hi* Security: We rer . solved, however, to give the Nabob the next Day (the tq reflect upon the Lefters beforementionttd, in Hqpes be \yould propose fople. Means of Regulation. 1 faearej ripthfog from him alLDay, but found by oiyr; Intelligence* that.he jhfcjtabeen in Council with his olflj. Advifors, JK<tieram9 MwdMl and C/iecon, whose Adyic^ we were.fujrc, would. contrary to the Welfare of the Country in general, ,a0<$ rti4t of the Chm-pany in particplaA .-W3.determined therefore to act immediately upoq.she -jffab^b’s Fears. There could not be abetter Opportunity; than the Night of the Nineteenth afforded, it being the (Joncluiion of the Gentoo Feast,

when: all thfe principal People of that Oast w. pretty well fatigued with their Ceremonies- W mined therefore, that Colonel Cail/aiid, with tl Companies of Military, and Six Companies of should croft the River between Three and Four Morning, and having joined KaJJim Aly FCAatz People, march to the Nabob’s Palace, and FLirrc just*.at Day-break: Being extremely dciirous < venting any Disturbance or Blood (bed, the G c wrote a Letter to the Nabob (the Translation of is annexed, N° 4), and delivered it to the Golo fend in to him at such Time as he should think expedient: Measures were at the same Time tak seizing the Perfoqs of Keneramy Moonhal, and G our Intention being only to remove those Thre worthy Ministers, and place KaJJim Aly K//an in tl Management of alb the Affairs, in Quality of JD and Successor to the Nabob. — The Governor rerr at Moradbagy in read in efs to pay a Visit of Coni lation to the Durbar, as soon as-the Point lliou settled.

The necessary Preparations being accordingly 1 with all'Care and Secrecy possible, the Colonel barked with the Troops, joined KaJJim <AJy Khan ' out the lead Alarm, and marched into the Court of the Palace, just at the proper Instant: The Gat the Inner Court being shut, the Colonel formei Men without, and then lent the Governor's Lett the Nabob, who was at first in a great Rage, and threatened he would make what Refifiance he cc and take his Fate. The Colonel forbore all HostiJii and several Messages passed by the* Means of Mr. } iugs and Mr. Lushington, whose Services on this casion deserve Notice. — The Affair remained in doubtful State about Two Hoursy when the Na finding his persisting was to no Purpose, font a Mef to KaJJim Aly Khan, informing him, he was ready fond him the Seals and all the Ensigns of Dignity, to order the Nobit to be (luck up in His Name; p vided he would agree to take the whole Charge of Government upon him, to discharge all the Arrears c to the Troops, to pay the usual Revenues to the Ki to save his Life and his Honour, and give him an I lowance sufficient for his Maintenance: All the Ce Cc ditions being agreed to, KaJJim Aly Khan was pr claimed, and the old Nabob came out to the Coioa declaring, That he depended on him for his Life; ai the Troops then took Possession of all the Gates, a 1 Notice was sent to the Governor, who came immediatel and the old Nabob met him in the Gateway, a/king, his Person was safe, which seemed now to be all li Concern. The Governor told him, not only his Perfc was safe, but his Government too if he pleased, < which it‘ never was intended to deprive him: The Ns bob answered, That he had nothing more to busy hir at the City; that he should be in continual Dange from KaJJim Aly Khan; and that if he was permittee to go and live in Calcutta, he should bfe extremely happj and contented. Though we could not help lamenting his hidden Fall, we were not lorry for this Proposal, as Affairs will doubtless be better managed without him, and the Advantages stipulated for the Company be obtained without the lead Difficulty or Delay. KaJJim Aly Khan was accordingly seated on the Throne, and we paid him our -Congratulations in the usual Form: All the Jemmidars, Merchants, and others, refuting in the City came immediately, and made their Acknowledgments to the new Subah; and in the Evening every thing was as perfectly quiet, as if there had been no Change. The People in general seem much pleased with this Resolution, and we are particularly happy in its being brought about without the least Disturbance in the . Town, or a Drop of Blood fpilc.

The- Advantages to the Company are great indeed i — The Firmaunds for the Countries of Burdrnn, Md

Midmprt,

is Geo. III. 26° Maiu 885

Midnapore and Chittigan, we Hi all receive immediately, as well as that for Half of the Chunam already produced at Silket. — A very severe Order has already been issued, forbidding all the Shrafs and Merchants to refuse the Calcutta Siccas, or to ask any Batta on them.

A Supply of Money will be lent with the Colonel for the Payment of the Troops at Patna, and we have even some Hopes of obtaining Three or Four Lacks besides to fend down to Calcutta,^to help out the Company in their present Occasions there, and at Madrass. — The former Balance is to be paid Monthly, according to the old Nabob’s Kiftbundy.

We are the more plealed with this fortunate Event at this Time, when the Approach of Peace in Europe gives us Reason to fear the other European Nations will find Leisure to disturb Us here. We shall now have strong Rciources within ourselves, and an Ally whose ' Attachment to the Company may be relied on. The old Nabob could by no means be depended On for such an Occasion £ both his Means and Desire of supporting us were very uncertain, as his Behaviour in the Dutch Troubles evinced.

The old Nabob did not think himself sale even for one Nigh t in the City: Kajjim Aly Kltan supplied him with Boat s , and gave him Leave to take away as many of his W omen as he desired, and a reasonable Quantity of Cloaths and Jewels. We furnished him with a strong Escort of Europeans and Sepoys, and intended to lodge him at j^Zterogil, but he would not trust himself there, and begged he might deep in his Boats dole to Morad-hag, whicrh he did accordingly- We shall take Care that KajfJJm Aly Khan provides every Thing that is convenient and hand! oin e for himself and his Women, and settle upon him a diffident Allowance for his Main* tenancy, and then dispatch him with a strong Escort to Calcutta you will please to provide Two Houses for his fiecept-jon. there are Two belonging to Sooberam -Jacr a*"id Ranjberry Seat, which, the Ray Rayen occupied,

ea lie was in Calcutta; if these can be had, we judge Ol A^vill answer very well.

legitimate Wife, called The Begum Mother of ljj5. ^ccealed Chutn Nabob, and of Kajftm Aly Khan's

refused to accompany the old Nabob, with whom lhe say^s the has not been in good Harmony for a long yime past; that (he is extremely glad the Government put into such good Hands; and that ftie shall live much happier with her Daughter and Son-in-law.

The old Nabob is now pretty easy, and seems to be reconciled to the Loss of a Power which he owns to have been rather a Burthen than a Pleasure, and too much for his Abilities to manage since the Death of Jiis Son; and the Enjoyment of the rest of his Days in Security under the EngProtection, seems to be the chief Object of his Withes.

1. Tranlhtion of an Address presented to the Nabob Jaffier Aly Khan by the Governor, dated 18th October 1760.

"When I was at Madrass, Colonel Clive frequently wrote to me on the State of Affairs in this Country, iarul told me, that whenever he quitted this Country to return to Europe, he would procure my Appoint-tnent to the Government. The Friendship and Con-ixections between your Excellency and the Colonel are Well known to me, and I hoped to have found all Affairs carried on intirely according to the Treaty , b>uit what I observed upon my Arrival, I shall now lay fc>efore you particularly.

First, The English Forces who are employed in your Service, and in the Support of your Government at j*4zimabat, are kept without their Pay.

Secondly, The Forces of the Sircar, who are stationed in those Parts, are diicontented, and dififfeded to the Service, for Want of Pay.

Thirdly, The Sepoys at had surrounded

Voi.. 33*

Palace in a tumultuous Manner for the Arrears of East their Pay, and endangered your Life: How deeply I Affairs', was affected cannot be expressed; God is Witness of what I felt upon that Occasion.

Fourthly, I plainly perceived, that the Ministers of this Court, from their Covetoufnels and bale’ Dispositions, had set aside all Justice, were plundering the Poor without Cause, and doing what they pleased, nor even withholding their Hands from the Lives of the People, destroying the Subjects, and bringing Ruin and Desolation on the Country.

Fifthly, The Scarcity of Provisions, isle, is Co great as was never before known in this Country, infiomuch that the People of all Degrees are in the greateftDiflrels.

— This can be owing to no other Caule, than the bad Management of your Ministers.

Sixthly, Formerly at the Delife of the English Company, a Mint was established in Calcutta, and it was your Order, that the Siccas of Calcutta, of the same Weight and Fineness with the Siccas of Muxadabad,

should pals for equal Value. notwithstanding your Perwannah for enforcing this Grant, the Officers of the King’s Province have not suffered them to pass, but, contrary to your Orders, require and infill on a Batta on the Siccas.

Seventhly, The War with the Shaladah still continues: notwithstanding the Sums expended, and the Endeavours of the English Forces, this Affair is yet no nearer to a Conclusion than the first Day; excepting the Kella of Azimabad, no Part of the Subahship of Patna remains in your Pofiession; all the Lands and Villages afe in a State of Ruin; and the Zemindars in every Place are ready to join the Shazadah’s Army, as appears from the Letter to me to this Purpose from Beerboen. — From these C ire uni llances, it evidently appears to me, that all these Difficulties came to pass after the Death ot your Son the late Chuta Nabob; from which Time, the Ministers of the Sircar regarding only their own interest, neglect the Good of the Country, and the Welfare of the Subjects, and employ themselves in oppressing the Poor, in Rapine, Violence, Injustice, and Iniquity. — When I saw the Affairs of the Sircar in the Hands of such faithlels and unworthy Men, and every thing tending still farther to Ruin, I lifted up my Eyes to Heaven, and bewailed my-strange Fate, that Providence should (end me into this Country *

at such a Time, and in the Midst of such Calamities; when the Dignity of the Nabob, the Reputation of the Company, and the Prosperity of the Country, are almost expired. After long Consideration, I concluded I would make one vigorous Trial immediately to remedy all these Evils, hoping, by God’s Assistance, tofurmount *all Difficulties: For this Reason, I am come with great Joy into your Presence, and am happy in paying you my Relpefbs.

N° 2. Translation of an Address presented to the Nabob Jaffier Aly Khan by the Governor, dated the 18 th October.

The Ministers that are about your Person, and who tranlad your Business, are People that are ever wavering and changeable in their Councils, as is evident from the Perwannahs you frequently sent me, complaining of the bad Conduct and wicked Intentions of Raja-bullub, infilling upon the being recalled by some Means or other. The Colonel, considering the Situation Of Affairs at that Time, recommended Maha Rajabullub to you, and you sent me a Copy of it in a Letter, which you did me the Honour to write to me, and said,

That you was fuiprifed that the Colonel would recommend a Man (0 very unfit for Business. You also sent me Word, by the Nabob Kaffim Aly Khan and thd Rayraen, that the Business of the most Consequence was to get Maha Rajabullub down from Patna: I therefore, agreeable to your Desire, wrote to Mr. Amyatt to fend 10 Q him

886

Mali. A. 17

t

*Aff *n<l11 ^Own 5 God only knows what Council your Mini-airi* fters gave, that the Perwannah was deferred being sent; but that is the true Cause of the Troubles now at Patna: It is a known Maxim, that a Government, where the Councils change every Day, cannot be well regulated.

N° 3. Translation of a Letter presented to the Nabob Jaffier Aly Khan, by the Governor.

Dated the 18th October 1760.

The important Affairs, for the Regulation of which I have waited on you, as submitted to your Consideration in a separate Address, containing Seven Articles; now that I am here, is the Time for opening the Door of the Difficulties therein mentioned, which is only to be effected by the Key of your enlightened Wisdom. If this Opportunity be loft, another will hardly occur, when we can meet together so conveniently; besides, the Particulars which I have taken Notice of, and the Payment of Arrears due to the English Troops, and those of the Sircar, it is necessary to make a large Provision for future Exigencies. — You have already given in Pledge, Jewels for a large Amount, to be discharged by different Payments, agreed and signed to, in your own Hand; How this Sum is to be paid, unless the Country is settled, I don’t perceive; the Pay allowed for the English Army has been limited to One Lack of Rupees per Month. As the Disturbances in the Country have increased every Day, for that Reason large Sums have been expended in bringing Soldiers from Europe and Madrass, and in raising Sepoys: On this Account a Lack of Rupees is by no Means sufficient. Let your Excellency duly reflect, that your own Sepoys, in the Time of Extremity, preferring their own Safety, have joined with the Forces of the Enemy; and the English Forces, devoted entirely to your Service, and the Destruction of your Enemies, never were guilty of such a Conduct, nor ever will; and, by the Blessing of God, wherever the English Standard has been fixed they have always proved victorious: Upon this Account it is by no Means becoming your Wisdom to neglect such brave Men, or to deny them their due Rewards. It is necessary, that for this Business your Excellency grant the Company some certain Lands, sufficient for the Disbursement of the Pay of the Troops, the Expences of the Artillery, and the Provisions of Stores, &c. that, without any Trouble to yourself, all their Charges may be defrayed, from the Produce of these Lands, and our Arms always ready to be employed in your Service; otherwise I must submit to Necessity. My Concern for my Honour will not suffer me to be unmoved at the Company’s Loss; but I must seek some Expedient for promoting the Interest of the Company, and removing the Evils they are opprcffed with; and those Expedients must be adopted: But if your Affliction for the Death of your Son has taken that Hold upon your Mind, that you cannot attend to the remedying of such great Difficulties, it is proper that you appoint some capable Person from amongst your Children, in the Place and Dignity of your said Son, the Nabob Nafir ool Moolk, who may take Charge of all these Affairs, regulate the Business of the Country, and remove all these Difficulties; that your Excellency, freed from all the Troubles and Fatigues of the TransaCUons, may remain without Care, and the Shadow of your ProteClion overspread the Whole.

N°4. Translation of a Letter from the Governor to the Nabob, dated 19th October, at Night.

I have been waiting all this Day in Expectation that you would have settled some of the weighty and urgent Affairs, upon which I yesterday conferred with you, and that you would have acquainted me with your Determination; but you have not favoured me with

any Answer concerning the m; from hence it y appears, that as long as those evil Councilors r< about your Person, whatsoever I may represen t t« for your Prosperity and Welfare, and the Goc this Country, will have no Effect. T*Iie Fo these People will soon deprive you of you r Gc ment, and prove the Ruin, likewise, of the Affairs: I have judged it improper, that such and Disgrace should be brought upon us, foj Sake of Two or Three Men; for this Ftealon I sent Colonel Caillaud, with Forces, to wait upon when the said Colonel arrives, he will expel tliof* Counsellors, and place your Affairs in a proper I will shortly follow. Let not your Excellency be v any Apprehensions, but chearfully receive the GoL and give Orders to your Men, that they mak Disturbances, nor raiseTumults in the City. I (ole declare, that I have no other View but your Good Welfare. Look upon me as your sincere Well-wj and remain satisfied.

' I I . { K

Agreed, we write the following Letter to the I dent, and Colonel Caillaud.

Gentlemen,

We have been honoured with your Favour of 21 ft, and One from the President of the 20th fnf by which we have been informed of the great Su< that has attended your Operations: We must cor tulate you on your having amply ^effected the inter Purposes, without the Effusion of Blood, or any turbance; and are highly pleased to find the Nabo well reconciled to his present Situation. We doubt but what has been so well begun, will be concluded the Benefit and Advantage of the Company; and the Affairs of the Government will, in future, be on a secure and proper Footing.

We have given the necesfiry Directions for Reception and Accommodation of the old Na whenever he arrives in Calcutta.

A few Days, we flatter ourselves, will bring Matter to a Conclusion; and that we shall, very shor have the Pleasure of the Governor’s Presence w us.

IV. Ellis.

Wm. B. Sum;

Port William, 8 th November 1760.

At a Consultation; Present,

The honourable Henry Vansittart> Esquire, Presiden

William Ellis, Esquire.

William B. Sumner, Esquire.

Harry Verelft y Esquire.

Harry Smyth, Esquire.

Samuel Waller, Esquire.

Culling Smith, Esquire.

Mr. McGwire, indisposed.

Mr. Verelft delivers in his Oj Mr. Verclft^ Opinion of nion, upon the Measures late thtlate Resolutions, taken by the Select Committee, follows:

Mr. Verelft begs leave to observe. That the Bon have been, till now, kept entirely ignorant of the Fn ceedings of the Select Committee, relating to the pr sent Resolution, and their Motives for it; hetherefoi cannot pretend to judge how far such a Step was necessary, but thinks, that an Affair of such immediat Consequence to the Company’s Estates in these pnrt the most mature Consideration of the whole Boar should have been first had; that a Treaty, execute in the most solemn Manner, fublifled between Mte JaJJier> and us; the most faithful Adherence l which, as well as all other our Engagements, has pre served that Influence and Power we have miittmc ever since the Re-capture of Calcutta; aSteadinels to which Treaty made the British admired, my, erco

12 Geo. III.

26° M

887

courted, by every Prince throughout those Provinces, and has ever been fatal to the Prince apparent of the Empire, and many other Disturbers, who have hitherto weakly endeavoured to engage us to break through those solemn Ties we were lworn to As this sudden Change must alarm every one, to find us so unexpectedly breaking through all our Engagements, which were so public, reputable, and to the Honour of the Nation, he cannot be blamed, as a Member of this Board, for expressing his Dissatisfaction, at being made a Cypher of, in so critical a Concern.

Mr. Smyth begs leave to ob-

Mr. Smyth'. ?/»"<»' serve, he is of the same Opinion Jrmt at Mr. Verelft'.. Mf-

The President begs leave to remark upon the foregoing Minutes, That though Mr. and Mr.

Smyth might, without the lead Presumption, think that they, and the rest of the Gentlemen of the Committee, ought to have been consulted upon an Affair of so much Importance, before it was carried into Execution, yet, their venturing to condemn, or approve, before they know the Nature of the Engagements entered into, the Reason why, or the Manner in which, the whole was conducted, teems rather premature, especially as they had an Opportunity of so soon making themselves competent Judges; the whole being now ordered to be laid before the Board, as mentioned in the former Part of these Minutes: The Reason why the whole Council was not before informed, was, that it was an Affair that absolutely required Secrecy, and it is expressly for the Conduct of such Affairs, that the honourable the Court of Directors has thought proper to appoint a Select Committee: To the Secrecy which was observed, may, in great Measure, be attributed the speedy and easy Success which attended the Execution, and the preventing all Disturbance, and Loss of "lood.

AZb.

>y.

Th

Fort William, 10th November 1760.

At a Consultation; Present,

honourable Henry Vanftitart, Esquire, President.

William EUis, Esquire.

William B. , Esquire.

William Gzvire, Esquire.

Harry Esquire.

Harry Smyth, Esquire.

>-A. 'Memorial, setting forth the Causes of the late Change in the Subahship of Bengal.

_ Nabob, Jaffier Allee was of a Temper

(Xt ^srxxely tyrannical and avaricious, at the same Time yery~ indolent; and the People about him, being either Slaves and Flatterers, or else the bale Instruments of I is X^iccs, there was no Chance of having the Affairs of Government properly conducted, but by their

ter mr royal: He attributed all the ill Success of his

to imaginary Plots and Contrivances, and sacri-<A Lives, without Mercy, to the Excess of his ^e^'Yously: Numberless are the Instances of Men, of all VW ^yrccs, whole Blood he has spilt without the least Reason. To learn the Names and Circum-starrees of all these Sufferers, would be a Work of Time; but: fotnc of the most striking Examples are these foftewing:

Co]a Httddee, the first Buxey, first bani fried for a pre-

tended Conspiracy against the Nabob’s Life, and afterwards cut off at Shahbad, in his March out of the province.

MirCazim, the second Buxey, invited by the Chula Nabob, to his House, and after having received from him unusual Marks of Affection, assassinated at the Gates of the Palace.

Abdeel Oiiub Cazvn, murdered at the Rumna, in the Month of March 1760, by some of the Hircarras VOL. 33.

belonging to Checon, who waylaid him for that Purpose, by the Nabob’s Orders.

Tar Mahmud, formerly in great favour with the Nabob, Serajah Dowla, and since Drogaof the Emarutj flain in the Presence of the Chut a Nabob, in the Month of April 1760,

Gajfeeta Begum, Widow of the Nabob, Shehdmui Jung;

Omna Begum, Mother to the Nabob, Serajah Dowla;

Muzado Dowla, the Son of Padjha Coolly Cawn, adopted by Shehamut Jung-,

Lutfen Nijfa Begum, Widow of the Nabob, Serajah Dowla;

Her Infant, Daughter of Serajah Dowla.

The Five unhappy Sufferers, mentioned last, perished all in one Night at Dacca, about the Month of June 1760; where they had been detained Prisoners since the Accession of Jaffier Allee Cawn to the Subahship j a Perwannah was lent to Jaffiaret Cawn, the Naib of Dacca, to put to Death all the Survivors of the Family of the Nabobs, Alliverdee Cazvn, Shehamut Jung, and Serajah Dowlah -, but, upon his declining to obey so cruel an Order, the Messenger, who had private Instructions to execute this Tragedy, in case of the other’s Re-fulal, took them from the Place of their Confinement} and having carried them out at Midnight upon the River, massacred and drowned them, with about 20 Women of inferior Note, and Attendants. What became of Alliverdee Cawn's Widow, is uncertain; it being reported by many, that the escaped the Fate of the rest of her Family.

Executions of this Kind had made the Nabob the Dread, or the Detestation of all good Men; and he necessarily became a Prey to the People of mean Extraction, and abject Dispositions; who, knowing that a Government so managed could not stand long, fought only to make themselves rich, by Oppressions of all Sorts, upon the Country, and Inhabitants. To the heavy Taxes laid by them on the Markets, is ascribed the present unusual Scarcity and Dearness of Provisions at the City, the Capital of a Country, once esteemed the moll plentiful in the World.

The Persons who have had the chief Shares in this bad Management, are Keenooram, Monilol, and , all of low Birth; and the Two first, the menial Servants of Jaffier Allee Cawn, before he came to the

Subahship: These manage so as to engage him continually in idle or vicious Amusements; keeping him, by that Means, in utter Ignorance of his Affairs, and in a State of Indifference as to their Success. No Money came into his Treasury at the same Time: Nothing was paid to his Army; inso much that his Troops mutinied, and surrounded his Palace in a tumultuous Manner, threatening to take away his Life; which they would certainly have done, had not his Son-in-law, the present Nabob, Coffim Allee Cawn, became answerable, and paid them a very large Sum out of his own Treasury: This happened last June, and if the imminent Danger, with which his Person was threatened on this Occasion, awakened him for a Moment; no sooner was it removed again to a Distance, than he fell back into the Lethargy which had so long possessed him. The same unworthy Ministers remained still his only Counsellors, and continued in the Management of his Affairs to the last Day of his Administration, which he left in so confuted and impoverished a State, that in all human Appearance, another Month could hardly have run through before he would have been cut off by his own Sepoys, and the City become a Scene of Plunder and Disorder; the Nabob having made no further Provision for the Payment of the long Arrears due to his People, after Coffim Allee Cawn had treed him from his former Extremity. This Danger he could not but foresee, and more than once declared his Ap»

prehensions.

Ei ft Aitairl

888 26° M1772.

East India prehensions, yet had not the Power to exert the ne-

A&airs. cell ary Means for preventing it, but funk the deeper into Dejection.

Besides this intestine Danger to which the Government was exposed, Two Armies were in the Field, and waiting only the fair Weather to advance, the S'nazadda towards Patna, and the Beerboom Rajah towards Meer-Jhudabady the Capital. — The Rajahs of Biffenpoor Ram-gur> and the other Countries bordering upon the Mountains, were ready to (hake off their Dependance, and had already afforded considerable Supplies to the Beer-boom Rajah; the Rajah of Curruckpoor had committed open Hostilities, and taken Possession of all the Country about Boglepoor, which entirely flopped the Communication between the Two Provinces on that Side of the River. In i Word, the whole Country seemed ripe for an universal Revolt, those Parts only excepted, whose natural Weakness, or Neighbourhood with the City, intimidated them from taking up Arms. To encounter all these Difficulties, there was nothing but Troops without Pay, from whom therefore no great Efforts could be expected; of this a very recent Instance occurs in the Detachment which was ordered against the Beer boom Rajah, Three Months before the Nabob’s Abdication, but never advanced more than Three Cofe from the City; in which Situation they continued upon my Arrival there.

All who are now in Bengal, and acquainted with the Transadlions of the Government, will bear Witness, that this is a true Description of Fadls; and all who are convinced of the Fadts, will certainly agree, that Affairs were at an Extremity no longer to be neglected, without manifoft Danger of having the Province over-run, and the Trade entirely ruined: I was resolved therefore to use my utmost Endeavours to get these bad Ministers removed; and judging it might be difficult to prevail on the Nabob to part with his Favourites without some Degree of Violence, I brought with me a Detachment of Europeans and Sepoys, under Pretence of fending them with Colonel Caillaud to reinforce the Army at Patna.

I arrived with the Colonel at Coffimbuzar, the 14th of October, and the next Day the Nabob paid us a Visit; the 16th we went to the City, and returned the Visit; on the 18th, the Nabob came to Moradbaug> by Appointment, to talk upon Business: In the Conversation which I had with him in the Two former Meetings, I had taken Occasion to represent to him in general Terms, the bad Management of his Ministers, the Miseries and universal Disaffedlion of the Country, and the desperate State of his, as well as the Company’s, Affairs: In order to give him a more full and clear View of the Evils brought on through the Weakness of his Administration, and to point out the Means of their Removal, I had prepared Three Letters, which, after a short and friendly Introduction, I delivered to him, of which Translations are hereunto annexed, under N° 1, 2, and 3.

The Nabob seemed much affected by the Perusal of the Letters, but endeavoured more to put an End to the Conference than to propose a Remedy to the Evils. I however prevailed on him to fend for his Dinner to Maraudbang, and in a Manner infilled on his coming to some Determination for the immediate Reform of the Government; at length he confessed him-lelf through Age, and Grief for the late Loss of his Son, incapable alone of struggling against so many Difficulties. He deGred he might have Time to con-fult with his Friends; I told him the Men, with whom he had lately advised, were not his Friends, but his greatest Enemies; that his returning again in the Midst of them would only be the Means of augmenting his Difficulties; that he had much better take the Assistance of one from amongst his Relations, on whose true Attachment and Fidelity he might more lately rely: He 9

named Five or Six, and amongst them Coffin Alice Cawn: I asked him which of that Number was most fit to assist him in his present Exigencies; he replied, without Hesitation, That Cojjim Alice Canon was the most proper; nevertheless it was with the utmost Difficulty I could prevail on him to fend for him, and so very late, that before Cojjim Alice Cawn could arrive, the old Nabob was so extremely fatigued, and in such a State of Anxiety, that I could not refuse his Return Home to take his RefL I was convinced indeed that it was to no Purpose to detain him; for such was the Jealously he discovered with respect to Cojjim Allee Cawn> that 1 saw he never would consent, without some fort of Force, to give the other the Means of restoring Order to his Affairs: An Hour or Two after the Nabob’s Departure, Coffim Allee Cawn arrived, and seemed to be extremely apprehensive that the Nabob, instead of trusting him with the Management of his Affairs, would endeavour by some Means or other to get rid of him; I agreed therefore in Opinion with him, that he should not go to the Nabob’s House until Measures were taken for his Security: We resolved however to give the Nabob the next Day (the 19th) to refled upon the Letters before-mentioned, in Hopes that he would propose some Measures of Regulation. — I heard nothing from him all Day, but found by my Intelligence, that he had been in Council with his old Advisers Keenooram, Monilol, and Che con, whole Advice I was sure would be contrary to the Welfare of the Country in general, and that of the Company in particular. I determined therefore to act immediately on the Nabob’s Fears: There could not be a better Opportunity than that the Night of the 19th afforded, it being the Con-elusion of the Gent00 Feast, when all the principal People of that Cast would be pretty well fatigued with their Ceremonies; accordingly I agreed with Colonel Caillaud that he should cross the River with the Detachment between Three and Four in the Morning, and having joined Coffim Alice Cawn, and his People, march to the Nabob’s Palace, and surround it just at Day-break: Being extremely desirous to prevent any Disturbance or Bloodshed, I wrote a Letter to the Nabob, a Translation of which is annexed, N° 4, and delivered it to the Colonel, to fend in to him at such a Time as he should think most expedient: Measures were taken at the same Time for seizing the Persons of Keenooram, Monilol, and Che con; my Intention being only to remove those Three unworthy Ministers, and place Cojjim Allee Cawn in the full Management of all the Affairs, in Quality of Deputy and Successor to the Nabob: The necessary Preparations being accordingly made, with all the Care and Secresy possible, the Colonel embarked with the Troops, joined Coffim Allee Cawn without the lead Alarm, and marched into the Court Yard of the Palace just at the proper Instant; the Gates of the Inner Court being shut, the Colonel formed his Men without, and sent my Letter to the Nabob, who was at first in a great Rage, and long threatened he would make what Resistance he could, and take his Fate: The Colonel forbore all Hostilities, and several Messages passed between him and the Nabob. The Affair remained in this doubtful State about Two Hours, when the Nabo finding his persisting was to no Purpose, sent a Message to Coffim Allee Cawn, informing him he was ready to fend him the Seals, and all the Ensigns of Dignity, and to order the Nabit to be stuck up in his Name, provided he would agree to take the whole Charge of the Government upon him, to discharge all the Arrears due to the Troops, to pay the usual Revenues to the King, to save his Life and Honour, and give him an Allowance sufficient for his Maintenance. All these Conditions being agreed to, Coffim Allee Cawn was proclaimed, and the old Nabob came out to the Colonel, declaring that fie depended on him for his Life: The Troops then took

Possession

a Geo. Ill*

s64 M

Possession of all the Gates; and Notice being sent to Fourthly) I plainly perceived that the Ministers of Irdu ine 1 immediately repaired to the Palace, and was met this Court, from their covetous and bale Dispositions* Affair*, by^hc old Nabob in the Gateway, he asked if his had set atide all Justice, were plundering the Poor Person was safe, which seemed now to be all his without Cause, and doing what they pleated, nor even Concern; I told him that not only his Person was safe, withholding their Hands from the Lives of the People; but his Government too, if he pleased, of which it was destroying the Subjects, and bringing Ruin and Dcfola-never intended to deprive him; the Nabob answered, tion on the Country.

that he had no more Business at the City, that he Fifthly, The Scarcity of Provisions, is so great as should be in continual Danger from Coffim Allee Cazvn; was never before known in this Country, inso much that

fcndthatifhe was permitted to go and live in Calcutta, the People of all Degrees are in the greatest Distress: he should be extremely happy and contented. Though This can be owing to no other Cause but the bad I could not help lamenting his sudden Fall, I was Management of your Ministers.

not lorry for this Proposal, as I knew Affairs would Sixthly, Formerly, at the DeCre of the English Combe much better managed without him; and his re- pany, a Mint was established in; and it was

taining a Share of the Authority (however small) could your Order that, the Siccas of , of die fame

not fail to cause such Perplexities as might prove. Weight and Finencfs with the Siccas

in so critical and dangerous a Jiintlure, of the worst should pais, for equal Value; notwithstanding your Consequences to the Administration. Cojfim Allec Cazvn Perwannahs, for the enforcing of this Grant, the Officers was accordingly seated oirthe'Mufnud, and I paid him of the King’s Province have not suffered them to pass; my Congratulations in the usual Form; all the Jemaut- but, contrary’ to yoyu? Orders, require and infill on a dars and Persons of Distrnction at the City came imme- Batta on the Siccas,

diately and made their Acknowlegements to the new Seventhly, The War with the Shazadda still coin Subaby arid in the" Evening every thing was as perfectly tinues, notwithstanding the Sums expended, and the quiet as if there had been no Change; the People in Endeavours of the Englishi Forces, the Affair is no general teemed much; pleated with this Resolution, nearer to a Conclusion than the first Day, excepting the which had this peculiar Felicity attending it, that it Kella J of Azimabad, no Part of the Subahship of was brought about without the least Ditlurbance in remains in your Possession; all the Lands and Villages Town, or a Drop of Blood spilt. are in a State of Ruin, and the Zemindars, in every

The Nabob did not think himself safe even for one Place, are ready to join the Shahzada’s Army, as appears Night in the City: Coffim Allee Cawn supplied him from the Letter wrote to me to this Purpose from with Boats, and permitted him to take away as many Beerboom: From these Circumstances it evidently ap-of his Women as he desired (which he.did to about the , pears to me, that all these pifficulties came to pats Number of Sixty) with a reasonable Quantity of Jewels, after the Death of your Son, the late Nabob,

I furnished him with a strong Escort of Europeans and from which Time the Ministers of the Sircar, regarding Sepoys\ and intended to lodge him at Nezajeel, but he "l T"'" r~ r-r'Ll"

would not trust himself there, and begged he might

*5*. his Boats close to Moradbaug, which he accord -

di(j;. — He continued at Moradbaug the next Day, sche Evening I visited him with Colonel Call-

laud, to the

le appeared then pretty easy, and reconciled

only their own Interest, neglect the Good of the Country, and the Welfare of the Subjects, and employ themselves in oppressing the Poor, in Rapine, Violence, Injustice, and Iniquity. When I saw the Affairs of the Sircar in the Hands of such faithless and unworthy ‘Men, and everything tending still farther to Ruin, I

a Burtof a Power, which he owned to be rather ‘lifted up my Eyes to Heaven, and bewailed my strange

A h* t V. .1 r* o Pi ro o nirl # or* mu/'h for f PrflVlHpVirP. fllftllM fpilH HIP Iflf f lllC Olinf

en than a Pleasure, and too much for his to manage since the Death of his Son; and yment of the rest of his Days in Security under

Fate, that Providehce should fend me into this Country at such a Time, and in the Midst of such Calamities, when the Dignity of the Nabob, the Reputation of the Company, and the Prosperity of the Country, are almost expired. After long Consideration, I concluded that IVIorning of the 22d, he set out for Calcutta, 1 would make one vigorous Trial immediately, to re-

Wed " ’ " ’ ~

ft

the hrjf

the.

his Ufj Prote&ioD, seemed to be the chief Object of

On tz — . —

Translation of an Address presented to the Nabob Jaffier Ally Cazvn by the Governor.

Dated the 18th October 1760.

N° 2. The Ministers that are about your Person,

‘indtn_ „ _ .

.ption there the 29th. He was met by a Depu- ' meejy all these Evils, hoping, by God’s Assistance, to

the Council, and treated with every Mark 'surmount all Difficulties; for this Reason 1 am come *. due to his former Dignity. with great Joy into your Presence, and am happy in

' ' paying you my Respects.

. reflation of an Address presented to the Nabob

Ally Cawn by the Governor. -Dated the 18th October 1760.: .; *

*- When I was at Madrass, Colonel Clive fre-Wrote to me upon the State of the Affairs of ^112. -otantry, and told me that whenever, he quitted and who transact your Business, are People that are ever «r»\ii»tty, to return to-Europe, he would procure my wavering and changeable in their Councils, as is evident ntment to the Government. The Friendship and from the Perwannahs you frequently sent me; complain-C,ovccv^^Efrons between your Excellency and the Colonel, ing of the bad Conduct and wicked Intentions of ^twell known to me; and I hoped to have found all Malta Rajabullub, infilling upon his being recalled by catried on entirely according to the Treaty; but feme Means or other. The Colonel, considering the observed upon my Arrival, I shall now lay before Situation of Affairs at that Time, recommended Malta -«ou T,o.rticuIarly. Rajabullub to you, and you sent me a Copy of it in a

' Y\rff* the Engdjh Forces, who are employed in your Letter, which you did me the Honour to write me, and getv\ce, and in the Support of your Government at said, you was surprifed that the Colonel would recom-yimizttbad*, are kept without their Pay. mend a Man so very unfit for every Business: You also

Secondly, The Forces of the Sircarf, who are stationed sent me Word by the Nabob Meer Mahomed CaJJitm

those Parts, are discontented, and disaffected to the Service, for want of their Pay.

j Thirdly, Thd Sepoys of Murjlmdabad had surrounded _tb® Palace in a tumultuous Manner for the Arrears of - the*r Pay, and eridaitgerfed your Life: How deeply I was . affected cannot be expressed; God is Witness what I felt on that Occasion.

-PmtJta. - Government.

Vol. 33*

Cazvn, and the Roy Royan, that the Business of the most Consequence was to get Maha Rajaballub down from Patna. I therefore, agreeable to your Desire, wrote to Mr. Amyatt, to fend him down: God only knows what Council your Ministers gave, that the Perwannali was deferred being sent; but that is the true Cause of the Troubles now at Patna. It is a knowp Maxim, t Fort.

10 R that

East India Affairs

89O

2 6° Mati.

A. I'll!*

that a Government* where the Council change every Day, cannot be well regulated.

Translation of a Letter presented to the Nabob Jajfficr Ally Cazvti by the Governor.

Dated the 1Sth October 1760.

N° 3. The important Affairs, for the Regulation of which I have waited upon you, are submitted to your Consideration in a separate Address, containing Seven Articles. Now that I am here, this is the Time for opening the Door of the Difficulties therein mentioned, which |s only to be effected by the Key of your enlightened Wisdom. If this Opportunity be loft, another will hardly occur, when we can meet together so conveniently; betides the Particulars which I have taken Notice of, and the Payment of the Arrears, due to the English Troops, and those of the Sircar, it is necessary to make a large Provision for future Exigences; you have already given in pledge Jewels for a large Amount, to be discharged by different Payments, agreed and signed to by your own Hand. How this Sum is to be paid, unless the Country is settled, I do not perceive; the Pay allowed for the English Army has been limited to One Lack of Rupees per Month; as the Disturbances in the Country have increased every Day, for that Iteafon large Sums have been expended in bringing Soldiers from Europe and Madrass, and in raising Sepoys; on this Account a Lack of Rupees is by no means sufficient: Let your Excellency duly reflect that your own Sepoys, in the Time of Extremity, preferring their own Safety, have joined with the Forces of the Enemy, and the English Forces devoted entirely to your Service, and the Destruction of your Enemies, never were guilty of such a Conduct, nor ever will; and, by the Blessing of God, wherever the English Standard has been fixed, they have always proved victorious; upon this Account it is by no Means becoming your Wisdom to neglect such brave Men, or to deny them their due Rewards. It is necessary that for this Business your Excellency grant the EngliJJj Company certain Lands* sufficient for the Disbursement of the Pay of the Troops, the Expences of the Artillery, and the Provision of Stores, tec. that without any Trouble to yourself, all their Charges may be defrayed from the Produce of these Lands, and our Arms always ready to be employed in your Service, otherwise I must submit to Necessity. My Concern for my own Honour will not suffer me to be unmoved at the Company’s Loss; but f must feck some Expedient for promoting the ftiterest of the Company, and removing the Evils they are oppressed with; and those Expedients must be adopted. But if your Affliction for the Death of your Son has taken that Hold upon your Mind, that you cannot attend to the remedying of such great Difficulties, it is proper that you appoint some capable Person from amongst your Children, in the Place and Dignity of your kid Son the Nabob Naffirool Meolk, who may take Charge of all these Affairs, regulate the Business of the Country, and remove all these Difficulties. — That your Excellency, freed from all the Troubles and Fatigues of the public Transactions, may remain without Care or Uneasiness, and the Shadow of your Protection over-spread the whole.

Translation of a Letter from the Governor to the Nabob.

Dated the 19th October 1760, at Night.

N° 4. I have been waiting all this Day in Expectation that you would have settled some of the weighty and urgent Affairs upon which I Yesterday conferred with you, and that you would have aeqainted me with your Determination, but you have not favoured me with any Answer concerning the m; from hence it plainly appears, that as long as those evil Counsellors remain about your Person, whatsoever I may represent

to you for your Prolperity and Welfare, and the Good of this Country, will have no Effect. The Folly of these People will loon deprive you of your Government, and prove the Ruin likewise of the Company’s Affairs.

I have judged it improper that such Evils and Disgrace should be brought upon us for the Sake of Two or Three Men; for this Reason I have sent Colonel Caillaud with Forces to wait upon you; when the same Colonel arrives, he will expel those bad Counsellors, and place your Affairs in a proper State: I will shortly follow. Let not your Excellency be under any Apprc-hensions, but chearfully receive the Colonel, and give Orders to your Men that they commit no Disturbance, nor raise Tumults in the City. I solemnly declare that I have no other View but your Good and Welfare. — Look upon me as your sincere Welhwiflier, and remain satisfied.

Appendix, N* 10.

Proceedings relating to Colonel Caillaud.

Fort William, the 4th October 1762.

At a Consultation; Prefenr,

The Worshipful Peter Amy at t, Esquire, President. William M‘Gwire? Esquire,

Warren Hajlings, Esquire,

William Hay, Esquire,

Hugh Watts, Esquire.

The Governor indisposed.

Colonel Caillaud now delivers in

Colonel Catllaufs the followi ng Letter, dated this Day, Defence, L. R. N° 14. ° , r l- n

containing an Apology for his Conduct, in Answer to the Charge exhibited against him.

To the honourable Henry Vanjittart, Esquire, President, and Governor, tec. Gentlemen of Council, at Fort William.

Honourable Sir and Sirs,

In compliance to the Orders which you have received relating to me, from the honourable the Court of Directors, in a Poftscript of a Letter, under Date the 7th October 1761,-in which you are directed and required to cause the strictest and most impartial Enquiry to be made into a Report; 44 That in conjunction with the Chut a Nabob, I had signed a Paper, offering a Reward of Fifty thousand Rupees, or some such Sum, to several Black Persons for the Affaffmation of the Shahzadah, which Paper was also offered to Mr. 44 Amyatt, the then Chief of Patna, for him to sign; but which he refused, as a most infamous Measure:*This, Gentlemen, is the Substance of the Charge, to which I am now to reply.

Unfavourable as the first Appearance of the Action may seem against me, I cannot but hope that when, in the Course of this my Apology, you are made acquainted with the Reasons for my concurring and consenting to this (as it must have appeared) so unjustifiable a Measure, and when all the Circumstances attending on it are laid before you, I flatter myself that I may be able so far to justify my Conduct to the World, my Employers, and you, as to satisfy them that if I have gone too far, it was from the best of Motives, and with the best of Intentions; such at lead as at that Time, and ever since, have acquitted me in my own Bread of any Sense of Guilt; and happy shall I be, if I can make my Actions appear in the same Light to the unprejudiced and impartial Part of Mankind.

Could I have foreseen or expected that one Day I might be called upon to answer to what is now so heavily laid to my Charge, or had my Heart ever once at the Time, or afterwards, reproached me with that Tranl-action as a Crime, which is now made one of so foul a Nature against me; is it to be supposed but that I

would

b

y

12 Geo. Illi

26° Mail.

891

What I have to say in my own Cause may be doubted ;. but that, when strengthened by the Testimony of others, cannot be controverted. Happy shall I esteem myself, if altogether I can satisfy my Employers, and you. Gentlemen, that I have not deserved the Injury

would have taken Rich Precautions to guard against fair and impartial Account of the Transaction itself, Ball ImlU the Consequences, as naturally must have presented with all the Circumftartces attending it that I can pof- Affair., themselves to a Mind conscious of Guilt, or of a sibly charge my Memory with; and by my own Ac-Fault? On the contrary, as my Conference never re- count of the Event immediately after it happened, proached me, so my Conduct, in consequence, was — The Difficulties I labour under in my Defence, are agreeable to the self-kaown Honesty and Innocence of obvious, by being obliged to answer to lo unexpected my Intentions: On this Account, therefore, I made no a Charge, at so great a Distance of Time, there Secret of what had passed, but on all Occasions openly being now above Two Years elapsed; in which Space and publicly avowed it j even the very Day after, my many Circumstances must have escaped me, as well first Step was to make the Governor (then Mr. Hoi- as the Gentlemen who were present, which, could we ivell) acquainted with it; Copy of which Letter I shall recoiled, might have much favoured and assisted my produce, and in which the Fad is told in all Truth Cause. However, such Allowances and Affiliance, in and Sincerity; but in such a Stile also, as I think must this, and in ever}' other Respect, as may be expected support what I declare to have been my real Senti- from Men of Honour, Candour, and Generosity, I am merits and Motives in this Affair: I shall bring also a satisfied I may expect, and that I shall receive; Gen-Letter, wrote the Morning of that Evening, in which tlemen, from you.

I acquiesced with the Nabob in that Measure, and in To this Account of the Fad itself shall be joined which I think many striking Proofs will be found authenticated Extrads from my Correspondence at that for the Truth of what I advance in favour of my Time; and from these I hope the real Motives of Cause. my Action will appear in their strongest and mod

From whence then could this Consciousness of Se- favourable Light, as will also what I have advanced curity to myself arile ? Guilt could never have pro- as to the then critical Situation of our Affairs. But duced it. Sure then, it could only proceed from a strong for the Truth of this I may further appeal to many Self Conviction, that the Measure to which I then gave of the present Members of the Council, who must have my Concurrence could never take place; but to the a perfect Knowledge, as well of our Condition at that Appearances of which I was obliged to l'ubmit, from Time, as of the Nature of the Men with whom I wa* the Necessity of the Times, and to avoid greater Ills obliged to ad.

which then threatened us, a* well from the perplexing From the Depositions already taken, and the further and critical Situation of Affairs in general, as from the Questions I may have to alk of Captain and Mr.

Natu.res and Dispositions of the People with whom I Lushington, I hope also much may appear in my Favour: had. to deal.

As a further Testimony of the Truth of wlut "I am now advancing towards my Vindication; svnd as a Proof that the Action must have appeared to others in the same Light as it did to me , at the Time, I appeal to the Gentlemen then pre- done my Reputation.

jnt> Captain Knox and Mr. LiMngton, for their Sen- I am greatly encouraged to hope, from the Reccp-»emKts 011 Affair: For, to the best of my Rc- tion I have met with since my Arrival here, that no once? Stance, I cannot recoiled that either of them Prejudices are entertained to my Disadvantage. On horra ^lade any Objection, or expressed that just Ab- the contrary, I have all the Reason to be satisfied, that tion which naturally would arise against an Ac- my Cause will be assisted by all the generous Concern

irortt as I am charged with. Could this proceed which human Minds can feel (without Prejudice to Ho-

tion, Cause, but their seeing the whole Transac- nour, Truth, or Justice) for Errors, in which the Heart

fcfcti *Vith all its attending Circumstances, in the same had no Share.

C]£ ? ^vlble Point of View, in which it appeared to May I venture to conclude this by an Appeal to

conv~ 5 Nlvaft they not, like me, have been satisfied and the Course of my Conduct through Life? Have I ever, coul^ — fw, that it was an idle and vain Scheme, that to the Knowledge of any Man, betrayed in my Ac-, rcacT~~T never take place, but to which my Concur- tions, my Conversation, or my Manners, a want of Tg was absolutely necessary, to amuse and keep up Humanity ? or in my Nature and Disposition /hewn.

wAle foolish Hopes of the Nabob and his Son, that I had not the Feelings of a Man ? and may I,

w ^"ecjxiircd no less a Proof (as we then flood affected without an Imputation of Vanity, rather flatter my-each other) to satisfy them, and remove those self, that amongst my Friends and my Acquaintance, jca.*. and Jealousies from which we had every thing I was held in some Esteem, for the Practice of a few

to ^-t^^'prehend. Virtues the most opposite to such a Character. Is it

TtT -urged, thus impelled, I made no Scruple of possible then, that I could in one Minute so far

g to the best of my Judgment and Abilities for change my Nature; and that, at once forgetting all Service. To forward that alone was my only that was due to myself, to Honour, to Principle, and

\rra and ingrossed all my Attention; to that 1 sacri- to Humanity, I could be guilty of the Crime laid to

all pears, that die Means by which I pursued it, my Charge.

<j5C.Ter in Appearance unjustifiable. But Fears indeed I There are none of you, Gentlemen, here, but what

none, but such as I was ever ready to despise, when are well acquainted with the Shah Zadah’s first At-

public Good and my private Safety came in Com-p^'vt_\on: Others in my Situation might have acted with Prudence; but none, 1 will venture to affirm, more Innocence of Heart, or better Intentions:

1 been guilty, 1 had the Means in my Power,

" -with Ease, to have concealed it: Had I been less zea-

joos, 1 had proceeded with more Caution, and given ittore Attention to my own personal Safety, than to the Dangers of the public Cause.

But from this my own Report, Gentlemen, neither the World nor you can judge, or be satisfied. I shall therefore endeavour to support what I have already offered in my Vindication, by such Proofs, as,

from the-Nature of the Accusation against me, I shall . be able-to collect. These Proofs shall consist in a Vol. 33.

tempts in the Year 1759, who then entered the Su-bahfhjp of Bahar, at the Head of an Army, which gave the first Rife to the Troubles and Confusion, that for a Time so distracted this Government. Colonel Clive, with his usual Conduct, Activity, and Success, baffled with Ease his first Attempts, and obliged him to retire over the Caramnafer, the Boundaries of the Patna Province; and there was Room to hope, that all further Troubles from that Quarter were happily over.

However, early in the Year 17 the Prince was encouraged by the Number of disaffected Rajahs and Jemydars of these Provinces (who all promised to support his Cause) once more to try his Fortuop. You are well informed of hi» first Succoflcs by the

Defeat

26* Mali.

A. 1772.

Kill India Defeat of Ramnouati, the Subah then of Patna; of A:fain. my March, in conjunction with the Nabob’s Son, to

the Relief of that City; and of our Succels against the Prince, whose Army was defeated at Circey on the 2zd February.

The bad Use that w'as made of this Victory, the Causes of which are well known, gave the Prince Time to collect his scattered Adherents; and the then Situation of the Province of Bengal gave him Hopes, that he might better carry the Point, by driking at once at the Root before we could prevent the Mischief; which determined him to move for that Province, leaving behind him every thing that could retard his March, and with an Army composed almost of nothing but Cavalry.

The old Nabob was then in Bengaly and had taken the Field at the Head of an Army, as mutinous, disobedient, and ill appointed, as a Body of Troops could be, to whom there was owing vad Arrears of Pay, and even without Money for their immediate Subsidence. The Occasion of his taking the Field at fird, was with an Intention to reduce to Obedience the Nabob of Pyrneah, who had thrown off his Allegiance, and was encamped on the Banks of the Ganges, with an Army well appointed and well paid of Thirty thousand Men; and besides this Force, by whom the Shah Zadah expected to be joined, there was also a Body of Morattoes that had entered the Province from Catack, and were then in the Heart of Bengal, plundering and destroying the moll fruitful Part of the Province; and this was the Situation of Affairs in this Government about the Beginning of March

Mr. Hohvell was then Governor, and had succeeded Colonel Clive, who had failed for Europe some time in February; while he remained, such was his Influence and Ascendency over the Nabob, that he was kept within some Bounds; but no (boner was that Check removed, than he began to pursue such Measures as gave Mr. Holwell (and indeed with Justice) very early Impressions to his Di fad vantage; and as Mr. Hohvell did not conceal his Sentiments, the Nabob was soon apprized of them; and thus a mutual Didrud and Jcalously of each other was very early and firmly established. I own the Nabob’s Conduct was such, that though my Way of acting was different, yet my real Opinion of him was to the full as bad as Mr. Holwell's i but our respective Thoughts on this Subject will bed appear by the lubjoined Extracts of our Letters, one of mine to the Governor, dated the 27th February, and his Answer of the 11 th of March.

I*+ f* c* + y. ( ,f . I j . 3k» . t

Extract of Colonel CaiUaucCs Letter to Mr. Holwell; dated Shah Zada/ipour, 27th February 1760.

44 The more I fee of the Nabob, the more I am " convinced he mud be ruined in Spite of all our " Endeavours, if he does not alter his present Measures: He is neither loved nor feared by his Trqops, 44 nor his People: He neglects securing the one by the Badncfs of his Payments; and he wants Spirit and Steadiness to command the others: As no one knows him better than you, Sir, no one is more proper to give him the necessary Advice on the Occasion; nor can you too forcibly, or frequently represent to him the fatal Consequences, if he per- sids in his Folly,"

I Extract of Mr. Holwelf s Answer; dated Calcutta,

1 ith March 1760.

44 The Judgment you have formed of the Nabob is too jull. Weakness, Irrelblution, Suspicion, and consequently Cruelty from his Disposition: What but the Ifl'ue you predict can reliilt from these, 44 when joined to a most ungracious and insolent De- meanor, which had made him universally hated and delpifed? We mud, however, support him and his

44 Government arlong as wd polubly can, without in*

44 volving ourselves and our Employers in his Ruin.

44 When this appears, it will be Time to think a little further, as I judge there is no Treaty subsisting be-<4 tween us, that can exact that Sacrifice from us."

Ill, however, as it appears, I thought of the Nabob, yet I drove on all Occasions to soften Matters between him and Mr. Holwell: I knew and apprehended, the fatal Consequences of such Jealousies and Divisions amongd us; which in the End could but encrease our Difficulties, and add to the Confusion and Perplexity of our Situation.

Among the many Subjects of Contention between them, there were Two in particular that much widened the Breach, and in the Conduct of which I thought there were Faults on both Sides.

The Nabob at this Time had been particularly earned with Mr. Hohvell, with regard to the Protection that was continued to a Person called Roydoolabramy against whom there were very drong Proofs, that he had been very indrumental in promoting the Troubles which then reigned in the Country; that he had favoured the Prince’s Cause, and aflided him with Money; and that it was owing principally to his liepresentations and Advice, that the Prince had begun his March towards Bengal; and that the Mtb rattoes had entered the Province. It was certain that the Force of any Accusation which the Nabob could bring against this Man, was much weakened by the Knowledge we had of his Motives, and the many Attempts he had before made at the Expence of Truth, to induce us to withdraw our Protection from hirr\: But at tins Time my Suspicions of his Conduct were not grounded so much on what the Nabob advanced against him, as from my own Knowledge of Facts, which proved that he not only then encouraged, but was afiiding the Prince’s Cause. I did not think therefore that all w?as done that might have been done, to give the Nabob Satisfaction in this Affair: Though I mud do Mr. Hohvell the Justice to say, that notwithstanding our Sentiments differed oq this Subject, yet he had so much Regard to my Representa-tions, as to have the Man confined to his House, and narrowly watched. Our Opinions will bed appear on this Subject also by two diort Extracts of one of my Letters to him, dated the 4th of March, and his Answer of the 12th.

' . r.

Extract of Colonel CaiBaud's Letter to Mr. Holwell; dated Camp at Circy, the 4th March 1760.

44 There was a Report that Roydoolabram and Nun- comar were confined. I could have wifiled to have seen it confirmed in your lad Letter; as to the latter, I know nothing of him, but for the former, 44 I am convinced he has been the principal Person concerned in all these Troubles. His Confinement, 44 if true, will, 1 think, be a great Means to ruin the Shah Zadah and his Party — as his Interest and Money have been the principal Means of his Sup- port."

Extract of Mr. Holwell's Answer; dated Calcutta 12th March 1760.

44 I mud differ in Sentiments with you touching Roy- doolabrams support in g him (meaning Sabuty the Chief of the Moratoes, who were in the Country) or the Shah Zadah; narrowly watched as he has been, 44 it is hardly possible he could have furnished either ‘4 with Supplies; and for the further Security of him, ‘4 I have removed him and his Sons into the Centre of *4 the Towm, where they are, and shall remain close *4 Prisoners until these Troubles fubiidc."

This Affair was one of those which had fird begun the Didruds and Doubts that subsisted between the Governor and the Nabob; but another of a more ' l'edous

''IK

,^1(t . T

I m I

26° Mail.

12 Geo. III.

fervous Nature that happened about this Time increased it to loch a Degree, as (till made my Situation between them more and more perplexed. It will be necessary, however, before I mention this Event, that I mention what became of the Prince, and of his Expedition into the Bengal Province.

As we had the earliest Intelligence of the Prince’s March and Designs, the young Nabob was then convinced, b»t too late, of his Folly; and to make what Amends he could for it. Ire agreed to pursue any Measures I would propose: There was but one left, which was to follow the Prince as fast as we could; and though it could not be expected, from the Nature of our Troops, that we could come up with his Army, yet we kept so close to him, as entirely prevented his putting in Execution any Part of his Plan of Operations, expecting his being joined by the Morattoes. As folr us, after the Junction was made between the old Nabob’s Army and ours, we marched, in Hopes of bringing the Prince to another Engagement, which ho as cautiously avoided; however, what with lucky and unlucky Hours, and every Sort of Delay and Disappointment that could attend Irrefo-iution in Council, and Cowardice in Execution, we loft many Opportunities; the last the best, when I came up near enough to the Rear of the Prince’s Army to cannonade them; but from which they soon got out of Reach; and the Prince finding he could not make any thing, of it, while he had our Army to contend with, took the same Rout back, by which he came; and thus ended his fruitless Attempt in Bengal; and as soon as we were satisfied of his Retreat, our Army, in conjunction with. the Two Nabobs and their Forces, marched towards the City of Muxada-"Vad.

It -was about this Time that I received a Letter from Mr. Holwell, dated the 7th informing me,

jn at be had found out that the Nabob was carry-a Correspondence with the Prince, and of so We ’°bs a Nature to the mutual Engagements which Refer*,under to each other, as deserved our warmest desiring me that I would use all the that U» my Power to come at the Truth of it;

dry for his Part, had been employing an Emif-

Cander Khan, the Man who was then the f principal Support. The Consequence of this

yer vu*- Negotiations (of the Nature of which I ne-

forej made acquainted, whether by Letter or Mef-

no less than Mr. s receiving in A n-

I^lairmaund from the Prince, with many fair Kibcfc 'I and tnclosing a Copy, as it is said, of the A.ddress, into the Authenticity of which I

incyuire. Thus a Correspondence was efljablished

IVIr. Holwell and the Prince, at the same Time tUI was so loudly reproaching the Nabob with a

\.-V f the same Nature.

fi rft Intimation 1 had given me of this Affair, Tevious to Mr. s Letter, and came to

flvt fr om fbrne of the Persons about the Nabob, in-me that the Nabob was acquainted with the Transaction, and was under the greatest Uqea-and Apprehensions about it; for which I own \ 'Jcvevaagbt he had but too much Reason for as he cqv\s\ not know Mr. Motives, such a Cir-

cviwvlkance at the Time mull have much affected \vww, and made a very strong Impression on his Mind. I Akl not then immediately give my Sentiments to Mr. i -iolnvellon the Affair; but some time after, upon lais mentioning, in a Letter tp me, that his Mefien-oers coming from the Prince had been plundered of their Letters, which, he laid, could not be done by any hut some of the Nabob’s Emiilqries, \ could pet help in my Answer to him in a general Letter of the ift of May, frying —

Vol. 33.

893

Extract of Colonel CaillaieTs Letter to the Board; E*fl India dated Moradbaug, ift May 1760. Affair?.

" In the President’s Letter of the 24th ultimo, he " informs me, that the returning Hircarahs from " der Khan had been plundered of the Letters they " had. I am concerned indeed at it, but not so much " from any great Loss the Letters can be; but that " if they have fallen into the Nabob’s Hands, he will " have Reason to think it very extraordinary, that " at the same Time we are reproaching him with " carrying on a Correspondence' without our Knowledge, to find such Proofs against us! of our doing " the like, with another disagreeable Circumstance " attending it, Letters in the same Packet for Men " his known and professed Enemies, such as Rajahram " and Nuncomar."

To let the above Circumstances in the clearest Light I can, Circumstances which I think mull strongly tend towards my Justification, I will now lay before you. Gentlemen, an Extract of that Letter from the Governor, dated the 7th April, in which he first makes me acquainted both with his own Correspondence, and that which he (ufpedted the Nabob was carrying on with the Prince; and to this I shall subjoin my Answer of the 15th of April, which I will beg of you to observe was wrote the Morning of that very Day, on which, with the Nabob and his Son, I signed that Paper with regard to the Prince.

Extract of Mr. Holwelfs Letter to Colonel Caillaud, dated Calcutta, the 7th April 1760.

" I am now to touch on a Subject to you, which " appears to me to require our greatest Attention:

" Spine Days ago I wrote Mr. concerning

" an Information that was given me, that the old Nabob had sent a trusty Person with a submissive " Arazee to the Shah Zadah, in which he exculpated " himself, by throwing the whole Blame of the Opposition made to his Arms, on the Machinations tT of the English. Mr. Hajlings, in his Letter in Answer to mine, seemed to think it impossible such a Step " could have been taken by the Nabob, or indeed,

" that he could have sent any Arazee a. all: How- ever, in a subsequent Letter from him, of the " 27th, he finds out, that an Azaree was font, though " different in Purport to that I informed him of: As " I thought it most essential to us, to trace, if pofi*

" fible, the Truth, I employed an Emissary to " jar Khan; the Consequence of which has been a " Pbirmaund from the Shah Zadah, enclosing Copy te of the old Nabob’s Arazee to him, with an Apo*

" logy for not fending the Original; a Copy of the " Copy I fend you enclosed, and request your Sen- timents, how and in what Light this appears to *c you. If the Copy is authentic, the same is plain,

" that this Man, for whom we have drawn the " Sword, would not scruple, if drove to any Extremity, to make his reace by the Sacrifice of " his Protpftors. The Phirmaund, I suppole, differs " little in Matters from that he lent you; he re- minds me of the Obligations the English lay under to his Ancestors; and offers a Charte Blanche " for the Company, provided we will draw our Forces " off from that Doer of Evil, and join them to his Standard, which he advises me he has at present fixed " at Surgur; and in a few Days purposes to erect it

" in Muxadavad, &c."

Extract of Colonel Caillaud's Answer; dated Camp at

Dignagur, the 15th April 1760.

" I am now to answer your Two last obliging Fa-

yours of the 7th and 9th; the Receipt of which I " acknowledged in my last of the 12th Instant. In " order to come to the Truth, with regard to the " Nabob’s Arazee to the Prince, Mr. Hajlings had Recourse to the Nabob’s Persian Writer; a Man, who

10 S " has

894

0.6° Maii.

A.

1772,

Lift India 1,35 on many Occasions given him Proofs of Attach-irs* " ment and Fidelity. The Moment he set his Eyes on " the Paper, he declared it to be a Forgery: May I beg " Leave to refer you to Mr. Ha flings for the Reasons " he gave for it, as that Gentleman’s Knowledge in the " Language will enable him to give you a clearer Idea " of these Distinctions in Addresses and the Stile of <c their letters than I can pretend to; for my Part I " own, after Mr. Hastings had repeated them to me, " they were so satisfactory as to convince me, the Probability of its being a Forgery was greatly in the Nabob’s Favour.

" Two Days, Sir, before I received your Letter

" while the Nabob continues to govern it so ill: The " first Opportunity I propose representing all this to him " in the strongest Light I possibly can, and should our " Opinions agree, I should take it as a Favour if you of would enclose a Letter from yourself on the Subject; <c I will deliver it, and take that Opportunity, as the bell, <c to try what can be done by working on his Fears; the " only Way, indeed, I am convinced, of managing him " to our own Advantage and his Good. In particular, " Sir, you will please td enforce the Payment of his " Troops, hinting, that if he delays it, I have your " Orders not to prevent their taking their own Measures."

From this Letter, I think, Gentlemen, my real Scn-

c< the Nabob and his Son were with me, and I found <c the old Man big with something that he did not well timents may be judged to appear in their strongest " know how to begin breaking to me; I helped him Light; and if such was my way of thinking in the forward all I could, by those kind of Assurances Morning, it may be well supposed they might in a great " which often open the Hearts of Men, and he then Degree influence the Measures to which I concurted in " told me that he had wrote to the Prince, and had re- the Evening. My natural Abhorrence of any bad or " ceived an Answer, such a one as gave him Hopes bale Action, appears^ I think, strongly expressed; nor " with other Circumstances, that the Prince might be is it less evident from what follows immediately after, " inclinable to treat, and put himself perhaps in his how much Reason and Justice I had to treat any InPower; but that he knew he (the Prince) would not formation of that Sort from the Nabob, with all

" do this, without I would be his Security for his " Safety: The Nabob was desirous to know in such " a Cafe, how I would act; but the main Drift of his Discourse was to find out, in short, how far I would

that Degree of Contempt and Disbelief which it merited. After I was convinced and satisfied from my Enquiries, how little Foundation there was for the Truth and Probability of any such Event taking place,

" be contenting, in case, by the Means of this Treaty, had not this latter Proof strongly prepossessed me, it is " the Prince would trust himself so far in his Power as evident, I think, that I should have followed my first " to give him an Opportunity of displaying the true Sentiments, which seem the most agreeable to my DifEastern System of Politics, by cutting him off. You position and Nature. My Opinion of the Nabob’s Si-c< may easily, Sir, guess my Answer, That 1 was ready tuation and our own Prospects, are painted in their true " to do every thing for his Service conflflent with the Colours, and may serve also to prove, how perplexed iC Honour of my Country, and the sacred Regard we paid my own Situation must have been at the Time. u to our Word; and besides, that if the Prince made All these Circumstances considered, did it not become «c any Address to me on this Subject of Security, I absolutely necessary for me to give the Nabob some such " must first have your Instructions in the Affair; and Proof as would satisfy him, and calm those Fears and " thus the Convention ended. I made it my Business Apprehensions, which the Tenor of Mr. Holweifs Con-c< afterwards to enquire among some of the Nabob’s duct had so strongly impressed on his Mind ? Bad as People, on what Grounds he founded these Hopes I thought of the whole System, yet I was bound by all " of getting the Prince in his Power, but they all af- the Means in my Power to support it. A mutual Consured me, as I suspected, That they were no more than fidence between me and the Nabob was essentially nethe idle Reports of some of his Minions, who knew cefiary for this Purpose, and could it be done more efsuch Stories would be well received and credited, and so fedtually than by removing the Cause of his Miftrust ? In " found their Advantage in flattering his foolish Hopes. a few Hours after such an Opportunity offers, and was " It is a very unfortunate Circumstance that we have it not my Business and my Duty to embrace it ? the " to do with so weak a Man, who neither from Princi- Proof of such a Nature as best could answer every good iC pie nor Merit deserves the Dignity of the Station we Purpose which I could propose from it: A Proof the " have raised him to; and in which he could not re- best calculated in Point of Time and Circumstance

" main Twenty-four Hours, if we were to withdraw " our Protection from him, and on which he now so " much depends, that I am obliged to give him a " Guard of Sepoys for the Safety of his Person. It

that could happen, and the strongest Self Conviction, when I gave it, that the Measure which it hath appeared to tend to, was such as I knew could never take place. Let me request, Gentlemen, that the Evidence

" does not appear to me, however, in Justice or in which this Letter conveys of the true State of my Mind " Reason, that we ought to support him in the Pursuit at that Time, may have all the Weight and Attention I " of unjustifiable Measures, such as he follows, in re- think it deserves; and how strong the Presumption, " gard to the not discharging the vast Arrears due to that it must have influenced me in the Act which folhis Troops, who, to a Man, have publicly declared lowed almost immediately after.

" they will not draw their Swords in his Cause, and To the Transaction itself I am now come, and as many " that only the Fear of us prevents their using them Particulars as I can charge my Memory with attending 4t against him: The Consequences of which will be, on it, I shall relate.

" as to his Part, that while he is not afraid of his Head, On the 15th of April, in the Evening, I waited on

u he never will satisfy them; and to us, that though we the Nabob; my Intention in the Visit was to introduce " may protect him against immediate Danger to his Per- Captain Knox to take his Leave, as he was the next Day " son, we must relinquish the Hopes of seeing the to march for Patna, with a Detachment under his of Country free from Troubles, while he keeps a Body Command: and I further wanted to engage the Nabob " of Troops he will not pay regularly, and over whom to fend with him a Body of Cavalry: Mr. Lushington, " he has consequently no Command. This rotten as my Interpreter, of course was with me.

" System we might (till, in some Measure, support, We called in our Way first on the Nabob’s Son,

were we always afliired none but the Country Powers with whom we staid a few Minutes, and I remember " would disturb us. But I believe it is more than pro- his presenting me at that Time with a Palanquin, which " bable, that the French and Dutch, if not both, may he had promised me a long Time before, and had come " some time or other renew their Attempts to be con- up that Day from Muxadavad. The little Circum-4i cerned, and with how much the more Probability of stances which I may throw into the C?ourse of this my u Success from the distracted State of the Country, Account of the Affair, are meant only to shew, that I

' am

b.v

i2 Geo. III.

a 6° Mail

95

am possessed of that Degree of Recollection, which must eive Evidence to the Truth of what I may relate of the "more ffentia! Parts of this Tran faction.

From the young Nabob’s Tents, we set out to his Father’s: 1 think I had mentioned to his Son my wanting a Body of Cavalry to go with Captain Knox; certain it is, that a little after our Arrival at the old Nabob’s, I desired Mr. Luj to settle this Bu line Is with the young one; for which Purpose they went into another Apartment; where they, with the Jemi-

tlars, remained for some time talking and settling this Affair, leaving Captain Knox, with the old Nabob and Ine, in another Part of the Tent. What the Subject of the Converlation was between us I cannot recoil eft; but this I am very certain of, that the little which could have puffed must have been of a veiy general Nature, as there was only Captain Knox to explain between us; for so Imperfect at that Time was his Knowledge of the Country Language, that it was impossible that he could interpret any regular Series of Conversation between the Nabob and me. I can recollect my going into the Tent where the young Nabob and Mr. Lushington were fitting, with the Patna Jemidars above-mentioned, in order to know what was determined on; how long I remained there, and how fbon after they were dismissed, I cannot pretend to charge my Memory with: All I know with Certainty is, that they were dismissed, and *11 other Attendants; and I think that the old Nabob then changed his Seat, and came into that Part of the Tent, where his Son had been with Mr.;

that there was then present the Nabob, his Son, Captain Knox, Mr. Lushington, myself, and a Writer

or two. To the best of my Remembrance the Nabob’s Head Hircarrah, one Ghuckan, was there; I am satis-hed, at lead, he was there some Part of the Time. I then well and confidently remember a Letter being produced and read ( by whom I cannot say) and by that think the Subject was first opened; but that -u/hingtonexplained it to me, as he did every other true the Conversation, I solemnly declare to be mod

Jeve.r-^r'^ lt was first T'ime, and the only Time, Mr. jr, ^*eard of the Matter, and that Mr. and the 0-J^%mgton alone, was and could be the Interpreter on 7/iq. ^/ion. former Purport of the Letter was, that one Conderoy, of 5 J*' a. Servant of Cander made an Offer

could *Vering the Prince into our Hands; but if that ter, fc'iot be done, he would cut him off. The Let-

Chtcfcr think, was addressed to that Head Hircarrah whose Character for Untruth, I believe, some

-v___^ ^men here can vouch for. However, I will not

this as a positive Truth, but of this I am mod

*ur Vhat after having heard the Letter explained, I gave it as my Opinion, that I believed it all a Ik?orgery, contrived by the Nabob, on Purpose to ¥ isfied, by my consenting to, or rejecting it, what

joig. acnent he might form of the Nature of the Corre-ence then carrying on by Mr. Holwell, and how far \viacs. concerned in it: I remember well my enquiring "the Means of this being carried into Execution, many other Questions, that would have enabled me . vo\u<ige how far 1 might give Credit to the Scheme. The isxtVvsrets to which Questions I remember but served ,-j-xore to confirm me in a perfect Disbelief of the vA\o\® Matter, and make me, with so much Ease, give xtvv Concurrence to the Scheme, as, without any Danger to the Prince, I knew it might serve to gain my Ends w\th the Nabob.

The Reason why I was asked to seal the Paper in conjunction with the Two Nabobs, was to ascertain to the Man the Reward which was promised to him; for such was the State of their Credit in the Country at that Time, that few cared to trust their Words, even for so small a Sum; and without this Proof I knew nothing was done towards satisfying the Nabob; I therefore rca-Voi. 33.

dily consented to it; and defied, in consequence, Mr. e«A India Lushington, to lend for my Seal.

I do not remember any Objection made by either of the Gentlemen with me. I have the faint Recollection of an Expression of Dislike in Captain Knox's Countenance, which might have first introduced the Reasons which he so well recollefts in his Deposition, that I gave for the Necessity of going the Lengths I did, and with which, to the heft of my Knowledge, he was well satisfied. As to Mr. Lushington, there was no Objection started by him, that I can in the Jeaft recollect or remember, but of this I am confident, that if he had thought the Measure improper, or unjustifiable, he would have made Objections. — And for the Truth of this I can appeal to himself, conscious as he must be of the Intimacy and Friendship that subsisted between us, which was l'uch as made him ready, on all public Occasions, to give me his Sentiments with Freedom, which were ever by me received with Kindness, as I always had the greatest Confidence; in him, from a thorough Sense of his Capacity and Merit: I must own, indeed, that I have seen his Depositions on the Affair with the greatest Concern and Surprize; that he might have forgot all that passed was possible, but that his Memory shall be so treacherous as to make him remember Things so evidently contrary and opposite to what really happened at the Time, is, indeed, to me a Matter of no left Aftonifllment than Concern. However, it is possible that I may help his Recollection, by a few Questions, when we shall have the Honour, together with Captain Knox, to appear before you.

While my Seals were going fori I believe the Paper was writing, and as my Tents were at some Distance from the Nabob’s, some Time must have elapsed before they could come; perhaps Half an Hour; and all which Time I presume the Conversation was continued on the Subject. — When the Seal came, it was put to the Paper, by whom I recollect not, nor does it, indeed, matter much, for whoever did it, it was done at my Desire, and by my Directions; I have mentioned this Circumstance, as I have been given to understand, that some Stress has been laid on this particular Act of Mr.

Lushington, as if by it he could be deemed an Accessary in the Transaction; in consequence of the further Orders given by the Court of Directors, that if any Europeans were concerned in the Affair, they should iikewile be dismissed their Service. There is no Need sure of adding to the Weight of what I feel on this Occasion, the painful Reflection that any others should suffer for an Action entirely my own. If Mr. Lushington put the Seal, it was to lave me the Trouble; it was not his Duty, nor his Office, nor did I ever esteem it so, nor understand that it was. My Seal was in general affixed by a Persian Writer; and if now the Question was asked me, who it was, to the best of my Remembrance, that then did that Service, I should certainly say it was one of the Persian Writers then present; not indeed from Recollection, because from the Distance of Time, this Circumstance has escaped my Memory, but because there was no Reason at that Time for changing our general Custom, which, as I have said, was for the Persian W riters to seal the Letters; and that it was so from no other Reason, but that in any Attempts of that Kind we commonly make a Blot instead of an Impression; as their Manner differs from ours, it requires Practice to do it as it ought. In short. Captain Knox, who was with me, by mere Accident, may as well be deemed an Accessary as Mr. Lufn* ington; the Act was my own entirely, and whatever was done, was done by my Directions and Orders.

Soon after the Seals being put, I took my Leave, and from that Time, or rather from the Day after, in which I informed the Governor, of what had passed, I never once thought more of the Matter, at lead seriously enough to make me think I had done amiss. Mr. Amyatt, in his Letter to the Board, mentions his having wrote to

me

8 96

2 6° M

A. 1772.

Eatt Tii.lia mc on the Subject, and that my Answer was, 44 As to Aifairs. ^flpdjr of t|)C Three Seals, as there was nothing particular mentioned, I have no particular Charge to " answer." And this proceeded from a Confidence then, \Vhich Belief dill held me (until some Days ago that I law the original Paper) that no Mention had ever boen made in the Paper on what Account the Money was to be paid, but that it was mentioned in general, such a Sum should be given, when he had performed the Service lie had engaged to do the Nabob. I do not mention this as meaning it iliould be esteemed any Part of my Justification; it is only to clear up that Passage. — I never denied what had been done 5 and the mdradt which I now produce of my Letter to the Governor* dated the 16th of April, the very Day after, is, I think* a sufficient Proof of it.

Extract of Colonel CaillaucTs Letter to Mr. tiolwell; dated Camp at Dignagur, the 16th April 1766.

41 In my last I informed you. Sir, of some of the Nabob’s late notable Schemes, but lad Night he made me acquainted with another dill more notable; and in which also I am concerned to little Effect. I be- lieve, however, there could be no Harm in trying; this it is.

44 One Conderry, Duan to Comger Khan, wrote to the Nabob, and has engaged to put the Prince in his Hands, or to cut him off, if the Nabob would agree to give him a Lack of Rupees, and the Command of Comder Khans Country; and if the Nabob accepted of these Proposals, the Promise was to be made, signed, 44 and sealed, by the Two Nabobs and myself, all which was done lad Night."

Mr. Holweirs Answer, under Date the 22d, I will insert at large. I mud observe, that there has been a Midake in the Date of my Letter, or in the Copies taken, for in his Letter he acknowledges Receipts of mine of the 15th and 17th; in my Copy Book, the Date of the Letter is the 16th. I did not write to him on the 17th, nor indeed until the 20th, so it is plain he received the Letter, which I call mine of the 16th, and this he acknowledges as of the 17th.

Mn HolwelPs Letter to Colonel Caillaud; dated 22d April 1760.

44 I have the Pleasure of your two Favours of the 44 15th and 17th, and mud take a further Day to reply to them more circumdantially; for the present I en- close you a Letter to the old Nabob to the Purport of your Requed, and with it a Copy for your Perusal, 44 and, I hope, Approval , it contains, I think, nothing but what should at all Events be urged to him at this Juncture. Something mud be done, and soon, to recover the Currency of the Trade of the Provinces, 44 or the Company mud be lod: The Sale of their 4 Woollen Goods, Copper, &c. Exports are totally 14 obstructed, their Invedment in consequence of this, 44 and the unavoidable Stoppage of the Tankas, wholly at a Stand, and not more than a Lack and Half in their Treasury, Particulars you should be necessarily acquainted with, as they arise from the perpetual Troubles of the Country, perpetuated, I may too jud- ly say, by the Wickedness, as well as Weakness, of those who govern it.

44 To give you what are dill my Sentiments on the Nabob’s Arzdafht to the Prince, and my Reasons for those Sentiments, I now enclose you Copy of my Reply to Mr. Hastings on that Head, and think my Judgment of this Affair more confirmed from the Circumdance recited in your Favour of the 15th; to wit, the Nabob’s having acknowledged to you his Writing to the Prince, and that his Reply gave him Hopes he was inclined to treat; the carrying on this concealed Correspondence with the Prince, I cannot look on in any other Light than as the highed In- fringement of the Respect and Deference due, to

44 your Station, and the Treaty subsiding between us;

44 And here it becomes. Sir, needful to remark, it is full Time the Nabob should be convinced he is not to look upon you as an Officer sent to submit implicitly to his Orders or Sentiments, but as his Coadjutor and Protector in the War; and should, at any Time, his wretthedvPolitics dilate Measures, which appear in your Opinion dedrudtive of the general End pro-

poled, I hope, and doubt not, but you will think yourself fully authorized peremptorily to over-rule them without losing Time in Application here; as I 44 am very well satisfied we may depend on the Prophet)'

44 of your Conduct in the Command and Trust you are inveded with. I have the Honour to be, with very real Edeem, d£?r."

I have transcribed the whole of the above Letter, as I think, Gentlemen, it dill gives a further Proof of what I have already advanced, as to the then critical and perplexed Situation of our Affairs. Mr. Holwell fays, when he acknowledges Receipt of those two Letters of the 15th and 17th, that he mud take a further Day to reply to them more circumdantially; but this was never done in any of his subsequent Letters, as to the principal Point in quedion; of which, if you should have any Doubts, they may be easily satisfied by laying before you the whole Course of our Correspondence together. This Answer of Mr. Ho/well's, I think, proves, at lead tacitly, his Opinion of the Affair; and what is dill more, you will please to observe, that though in my Account of the Transaction to him, I give no particular Reasons for my Motives in going such Lengths; and though my own Words, 44 That there could be no Harm in trying," seem to imply, as if I admitted, at lead, a Possibility; yet the little Probability of it mud have appeared in io drong a Light to the Governor, that he never once censures me as guilty even of an Indirection, much l^fs of a Crime; on the contrary, he seems rather inclined, from the Letter, to approve my Conduct in general, and consequently to increase in his Confidence.

It becomes necessary, however, Gentlemen, to inform you why I did not make the Governor acquainted with the real Motives of my Conduct, and contented myself with so general an Account of the Transaction; and this I am induced to do, that I may clear up any Impressions to my Disadvantage which might arise from those Words, 44 There is no Harm in trying," which if not yet accounted for, might, notwithstanding my solemn Declaration to the contrary, convey an Idea, that I admitted at lead a Possibility of the Scheme taking place. In doing this, I mud touch upon a Subject which I willingly would have avoided, but I cannot, in so dear a Cause, as that of my Reputation and Character, leave any thing out, which I think may tend to clearing of it up to your Satisfaction.

Mr. Holwelfs general Character and Disposition is well known in indiay and many were the Cautions which I received from those who knew him bed, to be on my Guard against him. This naturally excluded any great Degree of Confidence on my Side. But I was cautious also of myself, and not willing hadily to arraign and condemn his Conduct, fearing the Consequences of a Mind already tainted with Prejudices against him, which might have biassed my Judgment, and led me to censure Actions in him, which perhaps, more impartially inclined, I might have approved in others: And though I might have been ever so much in the Right, such a Subject between him and me mud certainly have given Rife to Altercation and Dispute, which could not but have added to the Confusion of our Affairs. I therefore forbore as long as I possibly could, and for the public Good I rather chose to avoid every thing that might offend, while I could do it confidently with my Duty. My Motives, had I given them, mud have implied a very heavy Censure on his Conduct, when I could have only told him, that the

whole

v*

Dy

€ - -﻿11 Geo. III.

26° Mail

97

whole Course of his extraordinary Behaviour towards the Nabob, and that particular Part of it in carrying On a secret Correspondence with the Prince, at the Very Time that he was so loudly censuring the same Step in the Nabob, had Weed me to concur in a Measure, to Which 1 never would have consented if any other Proof could have satisfied the Nabob, that we were not making the best Terms we could for ourselves, without any Regard to him, or the mutual Engagements subsisting between us. As I did not therefore, for the Rea-l'ons abovementioned, acquaint Mr. Holwell with my Motives, I was obliged in my Account of the Transaction itself, to throw in, at least, such a Degree of Probability attending on it, as would save me from appearing in the ridiculous Light of having consented to a Measure, which 1 was proving could answer no End, and that was my only Ilcafon for inserting the Words I did; nor does it leis evidently, I think, appear from the ingenuous and open Manner in which I relate the Transaction itself, but that 1 must have been conscious to myi'elf how well prepared I was, from the Innocence of my real Intentions, to answer any Charge,

lite. Scandal, and Calumny, or whether attuated by the more noble Zeal for the common Injury done to Humanity, public Honour, and Justice, are Points which I think deserve some Attention from the respectable Body, who received his Information, and might have justly been a Subject well deserving their stricteft Enquiry: Would it not also have been but fair and just for this Body to have considered his Station in their Service, and how far it rendered him a competent Judge of public Transactions from the supposed Knowledge he could have In Country Affairs, in which he never was employed ? If the Fact had really been as represented by him, the Court of Directors must have been satisfied, that it was of a public Nature, or how could one of his Rank have come by his Intelligence: And if of a public Nature, why did it not come to them in a proper Channel, and from whence alone, in Honour and Justice to their Servants, Complaints should ever be heard ? The Court of Directors must cither suppose that their Servants in Council are very deficient in their Duty, or that the Affair was misrepresented to them, since no Notice was taken of it here at the Board, from

which at that Time might have been brought against whence they might naturally suppose the Account would me. have come for their own Honour, had I been as guilty

You have had now. Gentlemen, laid before you in as the Story they credited seemed to make me. All

these Circumstances considered, should have had, I think, some Weight, and might have induced them to shew a greater Degree of Tenderness, than appears in the Nature of the- Enquiry j especially in favour of one whose Character to their Knowledge was free from Stain or Blemish.

Such, however, is my Confidence in the Cause of Truth, that ftiii I hope the Shame will fall on those who best deserve it; and that the impartial Part of were the Authors of them, are Points which I am Mankind will as freely acquit me, as I have been ac-left to guel's at, though I own I thought some farther quitted by my own Conscience in the whole Course of Lights into the Accusation, or at least, the Names of the Affair.

fo2*!. "^-ccufers, was a Satisfaction due to my Character; I am satisfied also, that Justice will have her Turn,

v’vhich I am deeply concerned to find, I was not and that those from whom I think I have received this worthy to receive. Little, I own, did I expect undeserved Injury to my Reputation, will be as ready Return for upwards of Nine Years Services; (when convinced of my Innocence) to make me all the

all Sincerity and Truth, all that I have to offer in my Justification; but I cannot conclude without taking some Notice of the Manner, in which this heavy Charge is exhibited against me.

The Letter from the honourable the Court of Directors begins by thele Words (which is all that appears as ttie Ground of their Charge) " It having been strongly " reported," but whether these Reports were of a public or of a private Nature, how far examined into, and who were the Authors of them, are Points which I am

dnd x _ my

the Course of which I had flattered myself that Amends in their Power.

nduct had been irreproachable; and if I may -But this same of mine now. Gentlemen, becomes more *~tn it ted to say it, I was still the more confirmed in immediately your own. It is from your Opinion and ^nd Hope, by having been honoured by that Body Decision, that the impartial World must judge and de-^=>rnc distinguishing Marks of Favour. I must termine. To you all the Fadts recited must appear in own, that their last Rewards (which I have ever their strongest Point of View. To you the Truth of tfully acknowledged, was due alone to their Inte- the Arguments I have used in my Defence, must K, Solicitations) were of such a Nature as far ex- appear in all their Force; and the Strength of the

ceeczx my best Services: Impressed therefore with the Proofs I have brought in Support of them, are best to

Sense of Gratitude for their Favours, happy in be determined by you alone, whose Knowledge of every the — Confidence of their Approbation, and anxiously pur- Particular, by being on the Spot, must make your the only Means in my Power, by which I could Judgments much more perfect and difeerning, than those

who at so great a Distance are hereafter to determine on my Conduct.

By your Opinions, therefore, I am to stand or fall j wpll pleated and happy to submit the Cause of Innocence and Truth to the Decision of Men of Honour and Justice.

I have the Honour to be, with perfect Respect, Honourable Sir and Sirs,

Your most obedient, and Calcutta, the 4th Most humble Servant,

Oci. 1762. John Caillaud.

(mi __________

4ccu« — ^s. it myself towards them; I am unhappy enough in Instant to find all my best Hopes frustrated, my mutation blasted (a Reputation confirmed and efta-*. by themselves) and all this owing* to a ready

of the very first Report to my Disadvantage. s to my Accusers, I have laid I am given Leave to at them, however, some Friends have been kind to give me that private Satisfaction, which I tVcwa ght was niy Due from public Justice. I am now otAy Curprized, that every Report which that worthy NVo.1* has so industriously spread and propagated against *nAe> to the Prejudice of my Character, has not obtained ecyu-al Credit, and been made another Part of the Charge ac»ainst me. I mean the Report " of my having also *? ordered the Afl’affination of the young Nabob, whose " Death was given out to have happened by a Flash of Lightning," This I introduce as a Proof of the great Degree of Credit, which my Accuser deserves. indeed, as I have acknowledged the other Fact, so far I must own, and do the Gentleman Justice, that there was (ome Truth in the first Part of his Information; but whether led to it by a natural Disposition to Ma» VOL. 33-

Colonel Caillaud?% Letter. L. R. No. 15.

He also fends in another Letter, requesting that after we have perused the above Apology, we will be pleased to appoint a Day for examining Captain Knox and Mr. Lushington, on some Questions which he is delirous of putting to them.

" Honourable Sir and Sirs,

After the Perusal of the Papers, which this Morning I have the Honour of laying before you, may I further request that you will be pleased to appoint a

10 T " Day

East India Affair*.

East India Affair*.

898 26°

Day on which Captain Knox, Mr. and

" myl'clf, may appear before you.

" I have the Honour to be, with all Respect,

' Gentlemen,

" Your mofl obedient, and

" Calcutta, Most humble Servant,

" Ot7.4th, 1762. " John Caillaud "

Day appointed for examining Colonel Caillaud?% Witnesses.

Agreed we meet on Thursday next, to examine any Witnesses which Colonel Caillaud may think proper to call in his Defence.

Captain Knox and Mr. Lushington summoned to attend.

Ordered, therefore, that the Secretary do advise Colonel Caillaud thereof, and summon the Attendance of Captain Knox and Mr. Lujhiiu ton.

P. Amyatt,

Mc Gzaire,

IV. Hay,

H.

Fort William, the 7th OB. 1762.

Thursday. At a Consultation; Present.

The Worth ipful Peter Amyatt, Esquire, President.

William Mc Gwire„ Esquire. Warren Hajlings, Esquire,

William Hay, Esquire.

Hugh Watts, Esquire.

The Governor indisposed.

The Proceedings of the 4th Instant, on this Subject, being wrote fair, were now read, approved, and signed.

Board met to examine Captain Knox and Mr.

Lushington, on Behalf of Colonel Caillaud.

The Board being met to examine Captain Knox and Mr. Lushington, on such Questions as Colonel Caillaud might be deflrous of putting to them, these Gentlemen were accordingly called in.

Mr. Lushington's Letter. L. R. N° 16.

Mr. Lushington, previous to his Examination, delivers the following Letter, dated this Day.

To the Honourable Henry Vanjittart, Esquire,

President and Governor, CsV. Council.

' " Honourable Sir and Sirs,

" When my Deposition was first taken, I had the " strongest Conviction within my own Mind, that " cither Mr. Hajlings or Captain Knox first interpreted " between the Nabob and Colonel Caillaud, in the Affair relative to the Three Seals, and in consequence " of this Conviction deposed so accordingly; but from " some Conversions I have lately had with the Colonel " and Captain Knox, I am fully convinced that Mr. " Hastings was not present, and that there were only " Captain Knox and myself with the Colonel; and as " Captain Knox could not be sufficient Matter enough

" of the Language to manage such a Conversation, of u course there is the greatest Probability that it must " have been 1 alone who" interpreted upon the Occasion, " and consequently that I opened the Discourse; though " 1 cannot even yet recollect this last Circumstance, and " indeed it is no Wonder, considering the Length of " Time since the Affair, that many Particulars should " have flipped my Memory.

" I am, with great Respect, t( Honourable Sir and Sirs,

" Your most obedient.

Humble Servant,

" Henry Lu/kington."

Mali.

A. 1

Captain Knox arid Mr. Lushington sworn Captain Knox and Mr. Lushington being du to answer to the Truth of all such Questions be put to them by Colonel Caillaud, or the Bi [Questions by Colonel Caillaud to Captain with his Answers.]

Colonel Cail/dud presented the following Questions to be put to Captain Knox, to whi their being tendered him, returned the Answers:

Deposition, N® 7.

Colonel Caillauds Questions to Captain Knox. From your First Deposition, Sir, taken at-Shawpoor, you remember being with me that Evening, on the 15th April 1760, at the Nabob’s, when I sealed a Paper in conjunction with him and his Son, relative to the Shazada. You have also remembered, that the Reason of your being with me at that Time was, to be introduced to the Nabobs, in order to take your Leave, as you were then under Orders to march with a Detachment to Patna.

ift Quejl. Can you remember, or recollect, if Mr. Hajlings was there the W'hole or any Part of the Time that Evening ?

2d. Have you any Remembrance, or did it ever come to your Knowledge, either by Report or from my own Information, that Mr. Holwell was then carrying on a Correspondence with the Prince ?

3d. Can you recollect, from any Part of the Nabob’s Conversation, or from any other Circumstances, any Appearance of Distress at that Time in his Situation ?

4th. Do you remember any Objections made by

a at that Time, to the ure, or any Expression of Dislike at it. If you do, be pleased to relate and explain them ?

5th. Do you remember or recollect what Reasons 1 made use of on the Occasion, to satisfy myself and you that I was acting properly j and can you recollect that I explained to you the Neeeffity I was under to give my Teeming Concurrence in this Affair ?

Captain Knox's

AnJ. 1 perfect member this Circ

Anf. I am j Hajlings was n< Part of the Tin

Anf. Yes, 1 it from your mation, and J likewise inform he had recei-from the Print jar Cam, whe Calcutta, a fe\ fore this Assai

Anf. No, I lect any Ap Distress from Conversation t but his distref was well kn whole Army, of the Discon his Troops,; Situation of that Time.

A nJ. I f I 1 jection, it \\ " That it \\ " fine a y " should fall ner," or Purpose.

AnJ. In tl tion I have 1 this Affair, 1 that you die and what were, which member.

.: r

12 Geo. III.

26s M

6th. You can remember and recollect, as it appears in the Ciurfe of your Depo-fitions, that I gave it as my firm Opinion and Belief that the Letter was a Forgery, and the whole Transaction a Contrivance of the Nabob’s, in order to found our Dispositions towards him.

7th. Gan you remember or recoiled, amongst the Objections started against the Probability of the Scheme, that the Small ness of the Sum to be given was one amongst them ?

8th. Can you remember or recoiled making any more Objections after I had given you my lteafons?

9th Can you recoiled or remember that in a laugh-use of

ing Manner I made the following Words,

or

what

iome to the same Purpose, " TIi at 1 wished your Head " was as (afe as the Prince’s " from Danger," alluding to the Service you were then going to be employed on.

1°tH. Can you remem-b«r or recoiled that I was very particular in my Enquiries in what Manner this intn V-e was to be carried

1 xthxan<^ bow ? wheth^ ~ ^an y°u recoiled Aj7fivCr~ any satisfactory Nabot* Were given by the those Questions? Can you recoiled 01 on ber if at that Time,

in 1 rhi^*ny other Occasion

1 m'gbt make jnDj[ —: of the Shah Zadda

T^urfe, in what Man-in what Terms I . 1 <cl to express my Sen-

tiffiSiv. X: on his Account?.

From your long ntance and Know \tft c>fcT~ me, do you think or VycJiviSr , Sir, that if the "^Vta.Vvm_ x*e had appeared to a.t that Time Inch as co\^c3l probably or possibly p>lace, that 1 would YvaNfc c.oni'ented to it?

Anf. I remember you being of Opinion that the Letter was a Forgery; and I remember also your mentioning it several Times' that Evening, that you absolutely believed it to be a Forgery.

Anf. I remember that the Smallncfs of the Sum for putting such an Affair in Execution was mentioned as a Reason against the Probability of it-

Anf. To the best of my Remembrance I made none.

Anf. I have some faint Remembrance that you made use of such an Expression.

Anf. I remember that you made such Enquiries.

Anf. No. — I cannot recoiled the Nabob’sAnswers to those Questions.

Anf I have often heard you pity the Shah’s Situation, and that you was sorry Circumstances obliged you to ad against him.

Anf. In the Course of my Acquaintance with you. Sir, I never presumed to form a Thought so much to your Disadvantage.

by Colonel Caillau to Mr. Lushington, with v*" his Answers.

0aptain Knox having, made Answers to the several Oue(f"l0ns tendered him; Colonel Caillaud then pre-^nted a Paper of Questions to be put to Mr.

|l0 returned thereto the following Answers.

Deposition, N° 8.

olonel Caillaud"% Questions to Mr. Lushington.

Mr. Lushington's Answers.

1 ft Queji. As it appears t>y your First Deposition, given at Patna, that only Vol. 33.

Anf Yes. Upon Recoiled ion I do remember that the Circumstance of putting

Mention is made in it of cutting off the Shah Zadda, pray can you remember or recoiled, Sir, that the putting of him in the Nabob’s Power was the First Point; the other only an Alternative in caie the First could not be effected ?

2d. Can you remember or recoiled to have ever heard any thing upon such a Subject before ?

3d. Can you recoiled or remember that Evening of the 15th April 1760, when we went together to the Nabob, that some Space of Time after we had been with him, that the Patna Jamidars, and all other Attendants, were ordered to-withdraw, and that we were afterwards in private with the Nabob and his Son, and 2 or 3 more Black People ?

4th. Can you recoiled or remember Captain Knox being with us the whole Tithe?

5th. Do you remember or recoiled a Man by Name Chuckiman, attendant on the old Nabob?

6th What was the Man’s Office about the Nabob?

7 th Can you remember or recoiled what Opinion we entertained of that Man’s Character in general ?

8th. Do you remember or recoiled the above mentioned Person being jpresent the Whole, or any Part, of the Time duringthat Transaction ?

9th. Can you remember or recoiled that you made any Objections, or expressed any Dislike to the Measure which I was then pursuing in Concurrence with the Nabob and his Son ?

loth. Have you any Re-collection pr Remembrance

him into the Nabob’s Power was mentioned.

Anf. No; to the best of my Remembrance I never did.

Anf. I remember that Evening I was some time employed with the Chutak Nabob, to persuade the Patna Jamidars to attend Captain Knox, which Circumstance I have mentioned in my First Deposition. I am certain that the Patna Jamidars were not there at the Time of sealing the Paper, nor any more Persons than what I have mentioned in my said Deposition.

Anf.To the best of my Remembrance he was there the whole Time.

Anf. Yes; I very well remember that Man.

Anf.He was in the Star tion of Head Hircarrah, which implies the Person who has under his Charge all the Hircarrahs, Spies, &c. and through whom their Intelligence passes to the Nabob.

Anf. I remember that we always entertained a very sad Opinion of him, though ie was employed on both Sides; that is, to convey Intelligence from the Nabob-to the Prince’s Camp, and bring back I ntelligence from thence to the Nabob’s; we> also thought he had much the Ear of the old Nabob, and by his evil Councils much hurted the Affaire of the Sircar.

Anf. I remember seeing him the First of the Evening, and I think, he was there when the Seal was put to the Paper. Indeed, from the Nature of his Office, it is most likely he wa? there.

Anf No. — I cannot lay that I did.

Anf. I remember our Affairs were in a very defpe-) rate

East India. Affairs.

East India Affairs.

9OO

2 6° Maii.

of the Situation of Affairs at that Time* if you have, and as you have perused my Apology — Do you think I have stated them with Truth?

lith. Have you any Knowledge, or can you remember or recoiled, that Mr. Holwellwas then carrying on a private Correspondence (meaning a Correspondence without the Nabob’s Knowledge) with the Prince ?

j. .#

12th. Do you remember 6r recoiled my often expressing, at that Time, my Diffike of Mr. HolwelFs way of acting in general towards the Nabob: In particular, my Uneasiness on Account of the abovementioned Correspondence, as likewise his Behaviour in regard to Roydoolub and Nunde comar ?

13th. In the Course of such Conversation as we may have had together about the Prince, can you remember or recoiled the Manner in which I used to express my Sentiments of him ?

To clear up a Passage in a Letter of Mr. Holwe/Fs, dated the April 1760, afi Ext rad of which has been laid before the Board, and in which he fays, "The " Phirmaund, I suppose, " differs little in Matter c£ from that he sent you;" but as I have no Recollection or Remembrance of receiving any such Phirmaund from the Prince, nor no such Transaction appears in the Course of my Evidence.

14th. I desire to know. Sir, if you can remember or recoiled my having ever received from the Prince a Paper of such a Nature, or of any Sort indeed but one Phirmaund, which I received the Day before the Battle of Cercey.

15th. As it appears from your Deposition, Sir, taken at Patna, that you then could recoiled but very few Circumstance's of the Transaction on that Evening — Could you, do you 7

rate Situation at that Juncture; many Instances I can give if it is thought necessary that I should; and I really believe that what you have stated, as to the then Situation of Affairs in your Letter to the Board, are Fads.

Anf Yes, I do remember it very well, and you often expressed your Diffike at it, and Apprehensions that it would give the’N abob much Uneasiness, as he undoubtedly would get Intelligence of it; and 1 have further a faint Idea of a Person’s telling me that the Nabob knew of it, which I mentioned to you, but the Person’s Name I cannot really remember.

Anf. I well remember your often expressTing your Diffike of Mr. HolwelFs Proceedings with regard to the Nabob; and many a Time have we held Conversation on that Subject, how prejudicial it was to the Company’sAffairsthat these two Men could not agree.

Anf Whenever you mentioned the Prince you spoke of him with the highest ltefped, greatly pitied his Misfortunes, and said you should be much happier if you were going toaflift him in mounting the Throne of Delhi, than you was then in opposing him.

.. j

Anf I do not remember your having received but one Phirmaund, and that was, at the Time yoti specify in the Question, brought to our Camp by two Moguls, and of which you immediately advised the Chu-tah Nabob.

Anf The Nature of my Office of Interpreter was such, that I could not give much Attention to the Conversation that might pass between Captain Knox and you; yet flnee you

think, now charge your Memory with any further Circumstances relative to that Affair, especially flnee you have seen my Apology, and from our Conversation together with Captainlftw*/

16th. Do you think, tho* you cannot assert it from Recollection, that all which Captain Knox and I have advanced in our Account of the Affair is the Truth ?

have refreshed i with regard tc cumstances wh not recollect i of giving my I tion, two of 1 mention; name gining that th a Forgery, ar believed the N to try how fin< in your Frienc and what I would go to fe Anf I hav that the Natu was such as of my hearing the Converlat lieve Captain to be Men oi that you w nothing but

Questions by Colonel Caillaud to Mr. H

Answers.

Colonel Caillaud being deflrous of Questions to Mr. Hajlings, he was acc( and interrogated as follows:

Deposition, N° 9. Questions by Colonel Caillaud to Mr. llaftings. Mr. Hafti

1 ft. Question. As you were at that Time, Sir, in the Field, and in Quality of Resident to the old Nabob, can you remember whether you were present or not that Evening?

2d. You have perused my Apology, Sir, and at that Time, from your Station with the old Nabob, you muff: have been well acquainted with the Situation of Affairs; Can you recoiled if what I have advanced in my Justification on that Subject is a just and true Account ?

3d. Had you any Know-lege at that Time of Mr. //©/^//’scorrespondingwith the Prince ?

4th. Can you remember or recoiled that the Nabob ever mentioned the Affair to you; if not, have you however Reason to believe, from any Circumstances, that he muff; have been informed of it ?

Anf I w; bed of my 1 I think it escaped m; had been p Transaction

Anf I th and true A sped to th< the Clamo for their lai the distrel; his Affairs that Time.

Anf. No that I ren Camgar C eflfedt, was was his Pi had from I me, on tl Arzee, ft been wrot bob to th Anf I that the ' any such he knew it to me think ve had one, not, mor< fat ion w on the S ter men I do not talked o Secrecy, him to <

3

tz Geo. III.

<z,6a Maiu

5th. Suppofi.ng him then acquainted with it, do you think, from your Knowledge of the N"ature and Dif-position of the Nabob, whether such an Occurrence at that Time must not have given him great Cause of Jealously and Discontent ?

6th. Can you remember or recollect in any of our Conversations together, at orabout that Time, my expressing nay Dislike at Mr. Holvveirs Conduct in general towards the Nabob, not only with regard to the Co rrefpo nclence which at that Time he was carrying1 on with the Prince, but also for his Uehaviour with regard to Rajah Dooluhram, 1Xajahram y &ndNundecomar ?

Anf It Certainly would.

Anf I can very well remember your expressing a Dislike at Mr. Hotzvell's corresponding with the Prince, as the Nabob might be equally alarmed at such a Step, as Mr. Holzvell was with the Nabobs corresponding with him: Such, I remember, was your Opinion in the Affair; and, I mull confess, my own too, with respeCc to Roydulub, Raja hr am, and Nundeco-mar, both in the Government ol Colonel Clive and Mr. Holzvell; it was always my Opinion that the Confidence shewn them, justly

7th. Do you remember a Per for*, about the Nabob called Ghucken, his Employment^ and the general Cha-raftex: which he bore ?

gave Caute of Suspicion and L'neafincfs to the Nabob, and very probably might have been the Subject of our Conversation at that Time, though at so great a Distance 1 cannot recoiled.

Anf. I remember C/iucken extremely well; he was the Chief of the Nabob's Hir-caras, or Spies, and at that Time in great Trull with him. I had always the worst Opinion of his Honesty, Veracity, or, indeed, of his Understanding.

Que Unions by Mr. Lnfhington to Captain Knox, and his

Answers

Tr. Lnfhington requesting that the Three following "Chons might be put to Captain Knox, they were tenc 1 ^rred accordingly upon the Oath he had already take: n, and he gave in his Answers thereto as follows; Deposition, N° 10.

C^ueftions by Mr. Lufh- ‘ in*, on to Captain Knox.

t ft. Are you positive.

Sir, that 1 put the Colonel’s JSeal with my own Hand to the Paper ?

Caotain Knox's Answers.

Anf 1 am positive that you lent for the Seal, and received it with your own I land, but I cannot be po-

unve whether you put u

with your own Hand to the Paper, or rave it to a Moun(hey to put it, as you mention in your Deposition, that there were such I People there, ad. Do you remember or! A :f I do not recoiled recoiled that I gave the' that Particular; but I think Seal, by Order of the Co-jit is very probable you lonel, to the MounOiey to;might have done io.

affix it. |

3d Do you not remember j or recoiled that I was ab-ient that livening with thej Chut ah Nabob and Halrmed Khan Khore/ha, Rajah De-reje Nanmin, and Ibjah VOL. 33.

Anf I remember that you retired into a Tent a few Paces diil int with the Per-ibns you mention, but you wa- present the whole time that this Affair was tranl-

Fattee Sing, and that my Business Was to persuade these Three Persons to attend you oh your Expedition to Patna.

acting, and you interpreted the whole Affair between the Nabob and the Colonel.

£a(t fudia Afidira.

Board to give their final Opinion on Monday on the whole of this Enquiry.

The Board taking into Consideration the Subject of these several Evidences, do not fee that any more Questions are necessary to be put to the Gentlemen; and therefore

Agree to give their final Opinion on Monday orl the whole Matter of this Enquiry.

P. Amyatt. tV. MG wire. IV. Has.

H. Watts.

Fort William, the nth October 1762;

At a Consultation; Present,

1 Monday. The Honourable Henry Vanjhtart, Esquire*

f Prciident.

I Peter Amyatt, Esquire.

I William APGzvire, Esquire.

I Warren Hajlings, Esquire.

William Hay, Esquire.

Hugh Watts, Esquire.

The Proceedings of the 7th Instant on this Subject; being wrote fair, were now read, approved, and signed.

Colonel Caillaud having desired the Opinion of the , Board upon the Reasons urged in his Defence or Apology; after a mature Consideration of the said Reasons, and of all Circumstances, It is unanimously agreed and j concluded,

i That the Representation given in the said Defence of the State of the Affairs of the Country at that Time, i (that is, about the Month of April 1760) is, true and just, j That in such Circumstances the Nabob’s urgent Ac-j count of his own Distrefies, the Colonel's Desire of mak-! ing him easy, as the first Thing necessary for the Good of the Service, and the Suddcnness of the Thing pro-| posed, might deprive him for a Moment of his Refkdtion, j and surprize him into an Assent to a Measure, which, as to the Measure itself, he could not approve.

That such only were the Motives which did, or could, influence Colonel Caillaud to assent to the Nabob’s Proposal, is fully proved by Captain Knox and Mr. Lu/hing-tons Deposition of what passed at the Time.

That we are fully convinced Colonel Caillaud had no other Interest or View in the Affair than what is men* j tioned in his Apology: That his Confidence at the j Time never reproached him with a bad Design: And ! therefore, upon the whole, as we are satisfied his In-I tentions were good, although he erred in the Measure 5 j we think it should be judged of with Candour, and the; proper Allowances made for the difficult Circumstances j he had to manage.

Colonel Caillaud wrote to in confcquertcc.

In consequence ot" the above Opinion, Agree wc close this Enquiry with the following Letter to Colonel

Caillaud.

To John Caillaud, Esquire.

L. S' N* 12.

"SIR,

" We have received your Letter of the 4th, accompanied with a Memorial, containing a full Narrative " of the Tran fact ions which the Company directed to " be inquired into, together with the State of the Affairs of the Country- at that Time; from whence you " have shewn the Motives which occassionctl you assent ing so far as is there mentioned to that Iranlaction.

" Having taken the same into Consideration, together " with the Answers of Captain Knox and Mr. Ln/la on " to the Questions proposed to them, we annex hereto U " unto

902

2 6° Mali.

A

Ball India unto a Copy of our Resolutions thereupon, and as we Affairs. are fu[jy convinced that you had no ill Intentions, so

in

we hope the honourable Court of Directors will like Manner judge of all the Circumstances attending upon the Measur with Candour, and continue that favourable Opinion towards you, which your long and zealous Services merit.

" With this and all other good Willies, we remain,

" Sir,

" Your most obedient M humble Servants." Captain Knox and Mr. Lujhmgtm to return to their Stations.

Ordered, The Gentlemen who have been called from their Stations to attend on this Enquiry, do now return to them with all convenient Expedition.

P. A my at t.

W. McGwire.

W. Hay.

H. Watts.

Opinion of the Court of Directors, the iftof June 1763.

" Resolved, unanimously, That this Court are of Opinion, Colonel John Caillaud (lands honourably acquitted of any Design or Intention upon or against the " Life of the Shazadah; it sufficiently appearing, that " the Motives for suffering his Seal to be inadvertently " put to the Agreement made by the then Nabob of " Bengal, Jaffier Ally Khan, on the 15th of April 1760, " for the Payment of a Sum of Money for the Seizure " or cutting off that Prince then in Arms against the " Provinces under the Administration of the said Na-5 bob, proceeded from the particular Circumstances of " Affairs at that Time, his Zeal for the Company’s " Service; the Suddenness of the Occasion, and a tbo- rough Conviction that it was an Artifice of the Nabob <c to try the Sincerity of the Company’s Attachment to " him, and that no ill Consequences would follow therefrom to the Shazadah."

your Letter now before us — Faithful to little if the Breath of Scandal, joined to private Piq vate and personal Attachments, have Powe away in one Hour the Merits of many Year and deprive them of that Rank and those rif fits, which are justly a Spur to their Integrit plication. The little Attention shewn to t liderations, in the indiscriminate Favours 1 some Individuals, and undeserved Favours will, we apprehend, lessen that Spirit of Zt eftential to the Well-being of your Affairs, fcquently in the End, it continued, prove tl tion of them. — Private Views may, it is m feared, take the Lead here from examples and no Gentlemen hold your Service longer themselves further in it, than their own Ex quire. This being the real present Sate of y it becomes strictly our Duty to represen strongest Light, or we should with little Tri Propriety, subscribe ourselves.

May it please your Honou Your most faithful S

1

Fort William, J

29 December 1759. W

W

Appendix,

N° 11.

Extract of General Letter to the Court of Directors, of 29 December 1 759.

Paragraph 147. Having fully spoken to every Branch of your Affairs at this Pfclidency under their established Heads, we cannot, consistent with the real Anxiety we feel for the future Welfare of that respectable Body, fur whom you and we are in Trust, close this Add re Is without expostulating with Freedom on the unprovoked and general Asperity of your Letter per Prince Henry Packet. Our Sentiments on this Head will, we Doubt not, acquire additional Weight from the Consideration of their being subscribed by a Majority of your Council, who are at this very Period quitting your Service, and consequently independant and disinterested. Permit us to say, That the Didtiqp of your Letter is most unworthy yourselves, and us, in whatever Relation considered, either as Master$ to Servants, or Gentlemen to Gentlemen. — Meer Inadvertencies and casu.il Neglects, arising from an unavoidable and moll complicated Confusion in the State of your Affairs, have been treated in such Language and Sentiments, as nothing but the ipost glaring, and premeditated Frauds could warrant.

Groundless Informations have, without further Scrutiny, bore with you the Stamp of Truth, though proceeding from those who had therein obvioufiy their own Purpose to serve, no Matter at whose Expence. These have received from you such Countenance and Encouragement, as must most alfuredLy tend to cool the warmed Zeal of your Servants here and every when; else, as they will appear to have been onfy the Source of general Reflection thrown out at random against your faithful Servants of this Prclidency, in various Parts of

Extract of Company’s General Letter t dated the 21st January 1761.

Paragraph ift. We have taken under oui Consideration, the General Letter from < fident and Council of Fort William, dated cember 1759, and many Paragraphs therei grofslnfuits upon, and Indignities offered tc Directors; tending to the Subversion of c over our Servants, and a Dissolution of: good Government in the Company’s Act an immediate Stop, therefore, to this Ei fitively order and direct, that immediai Receipt of this Letter, all those Persons in the Company’s Service, who signed tl of the 29th December 1759; viz. Mefli phaniah Holzvell, Charles Stafford Play Brightzvell Sumner, and William APGwi fed from the Company’s Service; and y Care that they be not permitted, on any to continue in India, but that they an England by the first Ships which return I Seaftfn you receive this Letter.

Appendix, N° i

Extract of Company’s General La 19th February 1766. io2d Paragraph. The Copy of a 1. John Zephaniah Holzvell, dated in Don don 1763, add re (fed to Mr. John Wollctfton, been communicated to us signifying he him his Attorney there, for receiving, o the remaining Part of a Teep or C Holzvell has obtained from the Nab< Khan) for Two Lacks of Sicca Rup< had received before his Departure Fifty grateful Acknowledgment for, the Frit llicvvn him, and cautioning Mr. his Prudence and Secrecy in the la as were all'o the subjoined Copies of a L James Amy at t to Mr. Warren Hajlings ( dated the 2d of March, deliring to kn< should be given to Mr. Holwe/I, relat gation above mentioned, which had b Hajlings’ Management, and of a JLetr supposed to be from Mr. Hajlings in Kef out Date, signifying that he had rec< Rupees, and accounted with him fc

i2 Geo. III. «<5*

all which, in the Manner they were laid before xis, we now trun'ixiit to you, for your further Information in this Affair.

Letter from J. Z. Hohvell to Mr. John Wo/Zq/ton , dated 13th April 1763.

XDear Sir,

On my Attornies, Messieurs Sumner and Smith, leaving Bengal* they delivered over to Messieurs Hajlings and JLyon, my succeeding Attornies, all my Affairs (with a clear' Statement thereof, amounting in the whole to 203486- 6. with all necessary Extrads from my

general Inflrudions) from whom I have not since received any Remittances, the Godo/pkin not being yet imported with us. — To guard against the Death or Absence at Subordinates of Messieurs Hajlings and Lyon, I have thought it necessary to appoint you my succeeding Attorney in such Case, and enclose you Powers for that Purpose, which I request your ready Acceptance of, and lha.ll write to those Gentlemen accordingly. — Another Affair which will call for all your Prudence and Secrecy, i t is needful I should impart to you: After I had resigned the Service, I had received from the Nabob a 'Peep or Obligation for Two Licks Sicca, as a grateful Acknowledgment for the Fdendship I had shewn him. Fifty thou land or thereabouts was paid to me before my

Departure.----- The Particulars Sunker and Weston can

furnish you with. — The remaining Balance and the Teep I left to be recovered by Mr. Hajlings and under his foie and separate M nrgement, but have not heard one Syllable on the Subject since I left him — If you can by any Means acquire the Knowledge of his having made me any Remittances on this Account, I would not then have you speak to him about it, otherwise to request he would let you know what you should write to me on the Subrjeft.

Dear Sir,

Your affectionate Friend, and London, obedient Servant,

Street, 13th April 1763. J. Z. Holwell.

Mr. John Wollajlm.

To

Letter from Mr. Amyatt to Mr. Hajlings, and Mr. Hrjiings’ Answer thereto.

~arrcn Hajlingsy Esquire.

Packet being to be closed Tomorrow, I shall S-V act to know what Answer mud be given to Mr. concerning the Teep or Obligation that was givers him by CcJJim Alii Cazvn, and was left by him under ^-our Management. — The Particulars I mentioned to you some time ago. 1 am,

S 11V

2.cl March. Your most obedient Servant,

Jas Amyatt.

NTr. Ha flings' Answer to Mr. James Amxatt* s Letter.

S I R,

That I have received a Lack of Rupees, and accounted with him for it, which it is probable he knows already.

I am

Your most humble Servant,

IV. H.

Fort William, the 12II1 January 1761.

Monday.

At a Confutation; Present,

The honourable Henry Vansittart, Esquire, Prefiuent, Peter Amyatt, Esquire.

Lieutenant Colonel John Cuillaud. Willi am Ellis, Esquire.

William By Sumner, Esquire.

Harry Smxth, Esquire.

Samuel Waller, Esquire.

Culling Smith, Esquire.

VoL 33.

The Governors Minute. East India

The Governor lays before the Board a Letter from the Nabob, received last Night, with an Order on the Phouzedar of Hughley, for 25,000 Rupees therein mentioned, to be sent as a Present of Congratulation from the Nabob to the Governor, on the Occasion of the late Birth of his Son. — Mr. Vansittart declares himself equally sensible of the Nabob's Compliment; but as he rejected for himself, and the other Gentlemen of the Committee, all formal Proposals of private Emolument, and has not to this Time received a Angle Rupee from him; so neither will he, while there is a Difficulty remaining with respect either to the Company's Balance, or the Arrears due to his own Troops. — He desires therefore, that the said Sum of 25,000 R‘ may be received into the Company’s Treasury, in further Part Payment of the Outstanding Balance, and he will fend up the Nabob’s Order to the Fouzdar of Hughley, for Payment of that Sum.

Fort William, 8th January 1761. *

Fhurfday.

At a Confutation; Present,

The honourable Henry Vansittart, Esquire, PresidenL

Peter Amyatt, Esquire.

William Ellis, Esquire.

William Brightwell Sumner, Esquire.

Harry Smyth, Esquire.

Culling Smith, Esquire.

Mr. Amyatt*s Minute concerning the Resolution.

Mr. Amyatt takes this Opportunity to observe, that he is of Opinion, the Reaions given for deposing of Jaffier Aly Chan (for he can look upon it in no other Light) are far from being sufficient to convict him of Breach of Faith; consequently in the Eyes of the World, the whole Odium of such a Proceeding mu ft retort upon "ourfcl ves. The Cruelties of which he is accused, must to a civilized Government appear (hocking; but in despotic ones, there are none entirely free from Instances of this Kind, as their own Fears and JealousieS are ever prompting them to such unwarrantable Actions; and it is well known, that the present Nabob has already laden into the same Severities, as likewise, that he has shewn Marks of Favour to those Ministers* who, we are told,

" saw with an evil Eve tha Influence of the Company,

" and readily thatched at any Occrlion ;o reduce it." Meerjaffier s being cofirmed by the Court of Delhy in the Subarship, was a very valuable Consideration, which ought not to have been overlooked, because, whenever that distracted State is restored to Peace and Tranquillity, he being legally in Possession of the Government, would of course be confirmed by the reigning King, without Hesitation; whereas the obtaining so great a Favour for CoJJim Aly Khan must be attended with both Difficulty and Expence. The Treaty subsisting between us and Cojfim Aly Chan, plainly (hews, that his foie Aim, at the Time of entering into it, was the Subahdarry of Bengal, otherwise how ridiculous v*s it for him.to make a Promise of ceding certain Countries to the Company, which his Post of Duan could never have given him the Power of executing. The great Advantages expected to accrue from thele Countries, it is feared will prove merely imaginary, as it is now near Three Months since their Resolution was efieded; and yet lo tar from any Appearance of extricating ourselves from the Disficulties, as expected, we are involved in fresh Troubles every Day, which will not appear strange when we call our Eyes upon the Person we have raised to the Mulhyid, whole Character was never conspicuous in apy Light till lately, and whose treacherous Behaviour to his Father-in-law leaves us very little Hope of his Attachment to our Interest; nor indeed can it be expected, nut he will place any Confidence in us, who have: a flitted to dethrone a Man we were bound to support by the most solemn Ties, divine and human; such a Breach

9°4

26" Mali. A.

East India of Faith must necessarily occasion the Loss of our In-Affaiis. fluence jn Country, and bereave us of that Superiority, which our steady Adherence to our Promise ever gave us over these People. For the above Reasons, Mr. Amyatt dissents to the whole Transaction, and further declares. That he never was consulted nor advised with concerning it, nor did he know that it was even intended, till public Report had informed him of its Execution.

Mr. Ellis's Minute.

Mr. Ellis's Sentiments, with regard to the Resolution, agree entirely with Mr. Amyatt's, and he dilfcnrs to it for the same Reasons.

Mr. Smyth's Minute.

Mr. Smyth is of the same Opinion likewise as Mr. Amyatt, as he has once already intimated to the Board.

V if. n;

Letter to the honourable the Secret Committee; dated 1 ith March 1762.

To the honourable the Secret Committee, for Affairs of the honourable United Company of Merchants of England^ trading to the Edjl Indies.

Honourable Sirs,

1. It gives us the greatest Concern to be obliged to address you in the Manner we are now under the Ne-ceflity of doing; but as we have publicly declared our Dificnt from the last Resolution in the Kingdom of Bengal, and expressed our entire Disapprobation of the Measures pursued consequent thereto; it is our Duty to acquaint you with our Reasons for having differed ia Opin on from the Gentlemen who were accessary to that Resolution, least ill-minded People should represent our Opposition as a Fadtion, instead of owing its Rife, as it really does, to our strict Regard to what we think conducive to the Honour of our Country, and the

Hnterefts of our Employers. Had the whole Board been consulted, we dare assert this Measure would have been rejected by the Majority; and we humbly refer to you, whether the Opinion of every Member thereof ought not to have been taken by the President, before he ventured upon so bold a Step as the Subversion of a Gown meat.

2. You were informed last Year, of the surprizing Resolution in favotjr of Mir Mahammed Cojfim Aly Chan, which would necessarily be represented in the most favourable Light, by the Gentlemen who promoted it. But whatever Judgment you may have been led to entertain of the Measure from their Account of it, we cannot but think you1 will judge as ill of it as we do, when you are truly informed of the Cjrcumstances with which it was attended, the Manner in which it wais executed, and the Steps that have been since taken to suppbrt it; of these we will give you as luccinft an Account a3 possible.

3d. At aTime when there was not the least Appearance of a Rupture or Disgust between us and the Nabod Jaffier Aly Cazvn, on the contrary, a Friendship and Harmony subsisted, Mir Coffim Chan, his Son-in-law, came down to Calcutta on some Pretence or other to visit Mr. Fanfittart; and having staid a short Time, h6 returned to Moorjhedabad. A few Days after Mir Cojfims Departure, Mr. Fanfittart went up to Moor-fisedabad on the Pretence of a Visit to the Nabob; Co! ionel Caillaud, with a Party of Two hundred Europeans, and some Sepojft, attended him, who, to removi the Suspicion which such a Force would have necefia-rily occasioned, it was pretended were going up to Patna to reinforce the Army there. When Mr. Fan-fitlart arrived at Moradbaug, the Nabob paid him Two Vilits, at the last of which Mr. Fanfittart, without any previous Notice "of his Intentions, gave him the Three' Letters mentioned in Consultation of the 10th November 1760, of which Copies have been transmitted you. The Abruptness with which these Letters were

presented him, one close upon the othe unexpected Proposals contained in them, Nabob, and he was entirely at a Loss how desired Time to consider on what was Mr. Fanfittart, seeing his Perplexity, ftro on his immediately naming some Person his Relations to take Charge of the Subaril particularly recommended Cojfim Aly Qki lent for, and the Nabob was desired toftay but Coffin Aly Chan delayed lb long, anc was in such Anxiety of Mind, and so d< released from the Visit, being greatly & Mr. Fanfittart was obliged, in order to I ances, to fuller his Departure to the Pah ing detained him much longer than hi? That Night and the Day following palfed Measures with Cojfim Aly Chan, how to p tion the Plan before agreed on in Calcut having been signed for this Purpose in St while Cojfim Aly Chan was down here: Ir of these Deliberations, our Troops clamk the River the next Night, under Co! and being joined by Cojjim Aly Chan a surrounded the Nabob’s Palace: A Lei Fanfittart was sent in to the Nabob, c immediate Compliance with what had to him; to which the Nabob returnee " That such Usage was what he never " the English; that whilst a Force was a " would enter into no Terms, id that ir " our Troops might be iv d to M Message was then sent i 1, informing the he did not directly comply, they (house storm the Palace. Aftonitbed and terrifi nace, he opened the Gates, exclaiming, " betrayed; that the English were guilt] " Breach of Faith; that he perceived theii " his Government; that he had Friend " zard at least one Battle in his Defence " no Oaths were sacred enough to bind " as he had sworn to be their faithful Fi " never swerve from his Engagement, a " Death than draw his Sword against tl cious was he of being fold, that, " be c " what Sum of Money Coffim Ali Chan <c the Subarship, and he would give Ha u to be continued: He hoped, however, " to dethrone him, they would not le " Mercy of his Son-in-law, from whe <c worst, but rather wished they would " the City, and give him a Place of Sa This last Request of the Nabob’s, the E and Despair, was immediately laid he strued in the Light of a voluntary R« cordingly our Troops took Poifeftioi Mir Cojjim Chan was raised to the Mul Nabob was hurried into a Boat, with; men and Necessarics, and lent away 1 Manner wholly unworthy of the high lately held, as is all,) the scanty Sul him here by his Successor.

4. Thus was Jaffier Aly Chan depoGb Treaty founded upon the most solen Violation of the national Faith; a Freindship and Attachment you have Proofs, in whole Cause our Arms Honour been employed, and by a fi whom the English had acquired tl>ro\ Country, so universal a Character of ] stancy, that the most perfect Confidcj the Natives in them.

5. The Advantages to be reaped from the Resolution, were the Grant lies of Rur divan, Midnapoor, and Chi ment of the Balance due from Nabo with a P relent of Five Laack of It

i2 Geo. lIL

2 Mail.

' 905

-Aly Chan, towards defraying the Sixpences of the "V*ar aga'nft the French on the Coast of of

these \{r Vanjittart on his Return to Calcutta, acquainted the Board, and at the same Time, in Justification of his Proceedings, laid before them a Slemo-rial; Copies whereof were transmitted to you by the Ships of the last. Seaton.

6. This N€emorial is introduced with a List of Crimes laid to Jaffier Aly Chan's Charge, which to those unacquainted with the Eastern Governments will appear deserving of the highest Resentrtient from a civilized l^ation; yet such is the State of Politics in every A\JiaticCourt, that through the Apprehensions of the Sovereign, and the Intrigues and Artifices of the great Men about him, Instances of Cruelty and Oppression are but too frequent; and even the most beloved among them are too much tobe taxed with committing, Or at least conniving at, Atts of Violence; but it should be contidered that many of these are done by Persons in Power without their Knowledge; and that as there are no regular Punishments for Criminals of Station, and who may be so powerful that it would be dangerous proceeding openly against them, Recourse is oiten had to the Dagger or Poison to punish the guilty. This was the same in most of the Instancesalledged against

Aly Chan, none of which shew greater Proofs of Cruelty than that which CoJJim Aly Chan discovered; when being

in Possession of the Palace, he was desirous of making the first Ack of his Power the Aftaffination of Jafficr wily Chan therein, and was very much diiplcafed when he found we intended to give him Pro ted ion at cutta.Since his Accession to the Sub.nUrrce, we could produce to you numberless Instances of his Extortions and Cruelties, but that it would run us intoan exorbitant length j and he seems to have made the more immediate Ohjeds of his ill Uftige, those who had been the most avowed Friends of the English. We shall only particularise Ramnarain, whom he dispolfefied of the JSfaibship of Patna, in which it was always thought found Policy in us to support him, on Account of aPp>roved Faith; and he now keeps him in Irons till he has been fleeced to the utmost, when there is no Doubt: he will be dispatched j most, if not all those, who e ITpoufed the English Interest, have been laid under J^^vieft Contributions, and many have died under the of the Torture to exact Money from them;

others have been either basely murthered, or (which is a comrt-xon Practice amongst unable to survive

*t>c L — ofs of Honour, have made away with themselves.

7* It is insinuated in the Memorial, that the "Nabolo’s Avarice and Cruelty had made him the Detel-tatio n of all good Men, and that he was in the Hands of load "^linifters, under whose Mal-administration the Country was greatly oppressed; as an Instance whereof, the Scarcity of Grain at the City is produced. To these XAmAfters are ascribed the great Difficulties the Nabob laboured under for Want of Money to answer the Expences of the Government, and to pay the Army, rendered mutinous for Want of their Arrears; be (ides -which intestine Danger, the Provinces were threatened an invasion by the Shahzadah with a powerful Army, and several of the Rajahs and Zcmyndars were on the point of revolting: To encounter all which there was nothing but a diiaffeded Army; Mr. Vanjittart appeals to every By-stander for the Truth of thele Fadts, and of the imminent Peril to which the Country was exposed; he declares his Intentions were only to remove the bad Ministers; for which Purpose he carried up with him the Party of Europeans and: He

proceeds to set forth the Manner in which the old Nabob was removed from the Government, and Co Jim Aly Chan raised. He lays. People in general were pleased with the Resolution, and makes a Merit of its being effected without the least Disturbance in the City, or a Drop of Blood l'pilt. He concludes, with representing the Anxiety the Nabob expressed to get Vox.. 33.

from the City through Fear of CcJJhn Chan; and

observes, that he appeared pretty easy and reconciled to the Loss of his Power, which he owned to be rather a Burthen than a Pleasure, and too much for his Abilities to manage since the Death of his Son; and that the Enjoyment of the rest of his Days in Security, under the English Protection, seemed to be the chief’ Object of his Wilhes.

8. It is very’ natural for any Person who takes art

uncommon Step, to endeavour to vindicate himself by the most specious Arguments and the most plausible Reasoning he can devise, and nothing less could be expected from Mr. Vanjittart, alter having brought about lb unprecedented a Resolution. He has told his Story with all the Aggravations the Nature of it would admit; notwithstanding which, we do not imagine the Reasons he has given in Support of lo violent a Measure, will prove satisfactory to the World. He takes great Pains to blacken MirJaffier's Character, in order

to prejudice Mens Mirtds against him, and lays great Stress upon the Scarcity of Grain in the City; but we apprehend Mr. Vanjittart does not judge foharlhly from that Circumstance, after what he has himself experienced last Year; for, notwithstanding all the Care we are not to doubt he has taken, Grain was never kr.o vn so scarce in Calcutta before, inso much that Nunlbers daily peri Hied.

9. Want of Money was the great Difficulty the

Nabob laboured under; but this did not proceed from any Fault of his, but from the diffracted State in which the Country had been ever since Colonel Clive's Departure, so that a very small Part of the Revenues came into his Treasury; the and Nuddea

Countries were assigned over to the Company for the Payment of the Nabob’s Debt; Midnapoor, the Frontier to the South West, was over-run by the Mcrattas,

Bcerhoon, and other Zamyndarries, with the Province of Pttrnca, under Kv.ddum Hujfein Chan, were alfedted

towards the ShahzaJah, who had under Contribution the whole Province of Bahar, except the City of Patna, and a small District around it. Chittagong, the Easterrr Barrier, did little more than defend itself against the Incursions of the Muggs, Inhabitants of who

used every Year to come into Bengal for Plunder. There remained only the Dacca Province; the Districts round Moorjhedabad; the Ra and Dinagcpoor Countries, to supply them the immenle Expence of the War; and here lay the Nabob’s Distress, that with One-fourth Part, if so much, of the accustomed Revenues} he was obliged to maintain an Army greater than any Nabob did before him, and the English Army was not the least considerable Part of the Burthen; for trusting most to them, he paid them first, which Preference was the Cause of Discontent to the Country Troops; And though the Force we had in the Field against an Enemy, whom Colonel Clive had but a very short Time before drove out of the Country, far exceeded those the Colonel had with him, yet no material Advantage was gained over them, but the Country was over-run,-and ravaged by them; and by frequent Marches and Counter-marches, our own Armies became as destructive as those of the Invaders. No Wonder then at the perilous Condition, to which Mir was reduced,'

to extricate him from which it behoved us to exert our utmost Abilities; instead whereof he was treated with the greatest Indignity by us, and balely turned out of his Government.

10. To remove bad Counsellors from a Prince is certainly meritorious, but it does’not seem to us that any thing was ever designed against the Nabob’s Ministers; on the contrary, that the foie Intention was to displace the Nabob himself, is pretty evident, by the Treaty before mentioned made in Calcutta. Had there been the least Attempt to convince him in a friendly Manner of any Errors in his" Administration, or of the Necessity of dilmiffing from his Presence those who ill

10 X advised

East rrdii

906

26° Mail.

A,

East India advised him, it is not to be doubted he^would have Affairs, hearkened to Reason: That he was not obstinate again It. good Advice, may be concluded from the extraordinary Influence which Colonel Clive had over him; in Proof whereof we need only call to Mind how violently he was incensed against Rajah Ramnarain, and Roy-dulub\ yet the Colonel, by gentle Methods, without having Recourse to any other Force than that of Ptr-suasion, perfectly reconciled him to the former, and obtained his Permission for the latter to reside at Cal-cuttdy and bring thither with him his Family and Effects.

11. The People in general, very far from being pleased with the Resolution (as alleged in the Memorial) were extremely dissatisfied thereat. Had CoJJim Aly Khan been before in Esteem among them, or po (felled any Share of Influence or Power* they might perhaps have overlooked the Circumstance of his Rife, and a Series of popular Actions might in time have reconciled them to the Usurpation; but he was de-fpifed anddifliked before he came to the Mufnud, and his Behaviour since, has been so oppressive and tyrannical, that it could not fail confirming the public Hatred of him.

12. The little Disturbance at Aloorjhedabad upon the Occasion proceeded from the Apprehensions all Degrees of People were under from so large a Force being brought into the City in the Dead of Night; and Mir Jaffiery no way ful'picious of the Faith of the English, had taken no Precautions for his own Security: Such is the Superiority of our Arms, and so great the Dread of our Forces in this Country, that had we gone openly to work, we should have met with little or no Difficulty, which renders our having proceeded by Stealth and Treachery, the more inexcusable; and we are truly sorry to have Occasion to observe, that the Means by which this Measure was brought about, have thrown an indelible Stain upon our national Character, and injured us as much in the Opinion of the Natives, as it has of all the European Colonies in this Part of the World.

13. It is asserted in the Memorial, That Mir Jaffier was easy under the Lois of his Power, which he is laid to have owned to have been rather a Burthen to him; but it is evident, on the contrary, from his Declarations since, and his Letters to the Company and Colonel Clive^thdX he was very unwilling to part with his Government, and that he greatly regrets the Deprivation of it. He was necessitated indeed to submit; and in Hopes of being redrefl'ed some time or other by the Company, judging that such a Step could never be approved of at Home, he very wifely chose, rather than trust himself with his Son in Law, to wait patiently for that Redress in Safety at Calcutta: So far he might appear resigned to his Fate5 yet this can never be construed as an Abdication of his Government, though it has been induflriously endeavoured to make the World 00k upon it in that Light.

14. We have now, honourable Sirs, laid before you a true Account of the Resolution, The Proje&ors, perhaps, thought the Advantages it was to bring the Company would be a sufficient Attonement for the Measure, and ensure them the Approbation of their Matters. It is true, the Company have a considerable Addition of Territory, and do now receive a large yearly Revenue; but as great, if not greater, Advantages might have been procured by more honourable Means 5 and the present tranquil State of the Country, which secures to the Company, as well as the Nabob, the full Enjoyment of their Revenues, is not the Effectt of A Hr CoJJim Khans Nabobship, but of an Event which would equally have happened had Jaffier Aly Khan been continued on the Mufnud, as can be ealily made to appear.

15. Soon after Coffim Aly Khan was fixed in the Nabobship, the Company were nominally invested

with the Zemyndaries of BnrdivMiu Chittagongy and only nominally, for our fir upon the Two former of tllele, for the the Revenues, were refuted.

16. So bad an Impression of us did the create in the Minds of the Country Peoj Burdwan Rajah, who, in Joffier Aly K had often expressed his earned; Desire thi pany might continue to collect: the Rev< District, as they had all along done on Ac Tunckaws, and that they would procure darrie for themselves from the Nabob; Breach of our Faith to the old Nabob, no Reliance was to be placed on our Eng; immediately flew off from his former and instead of acquiescing under our Go\ began toad in open Rebellion; he stoppe raised a large Force, invited the Morattas ii try, withheld the Payment of his Revenut in conjunction with the Beer boon Rajah the Cause of the Shahzadah, with who into Correspondence.

17. Several other Zamyndars, who i quiet whilst Jaffier Aly Chan was Nab ing the Government overset, thought Liberty to withdraw their Allegiance, 1 acknowledge Mir Crffim, but joined tl whole Party by these frequent Defedion ened with Supplies, both of Troops an whose Followers were greatly encourag< ing been able to maintain his Ground, a our Dominions, the whole preceding Defiance of the English Army.

18. The Nabob’s Troops were rend tinous by the News of the Resolution; they knew nothing of Coffim Aly Chat they had lott their old Matter, they were of being paid any Part of the immense them, and nothing less than the extraon and Influence of Mr. Amyatty who wi Patna, could have prevented them froi Extremities.

19. In this Situation were Thing* Caillaud left Pat nay and Major Can Command of the Army from him: TI was impossible for the Country to fupj such a Combination of Difficulties, ai cifive Blow was not soon struck, the fail to have immediate Possession of a determined to bring the Prince to an dily as possible; and after Securing 1 son, to prevent its being plundered of Troops, whose Duty it was to defe on with the English Army as fast as the Prince. He came up with h March from the City, the Confec brought on an Action, wherein he g Victory, and reduced the Shah in s to the Necessity of putting himself tedion of the English. *The Major’ put an End to the Hopes of all the and Zemyndars, so it at once quelled and established the so long wished-fc the Country; and the different Pi brought into Order, and rendered in a their respective Revenues; the Nab enriched, and he was enabled to difeh; his Army, and to advance the Mom to pay the Company.

c 20. Whatever Merit there is th Tranquillity, is to be ascribed to o the Prince, which, by putting an in the Country, reduced it to a Sea dience; and as all the old Nabob ceeded from his Dominions being th< the Default of his Revenues, on tl

12 Geo. III. a 6° Mali. 907

is r t the lead Doubt, had our Arms met with the farne 25. Not with (landing this zealous Attachment to EattfndU Stic eels, during his Government, but that he would ha'e C Chan, there can be no Reai'on to hope he Affairs, extricated himself with equal Ease. will ad the Part of"a faithful Ally towards us: What

2 1 - After what has been set forth, we believe few Dependance can be had on a Person who so readily end'll imagine that Mir Jaffier was deposed by reason tered into the Scheme of deposing, not only his lawful either of a Want of Ability to rule, or of his bad Master, but his Patron, under whose immediate Care Principles. We would willingly indeed suppose that he was brought up; who shewed so much Disloyalty to it proceeded rather from the Want of a true Knowledge his natural Sovereign, the King of Hindof.an, as to evade of the Country Policy, and from an Error of Judgment, even acknowledging him, till he was in a Manner obliged than firom lucrative Views, had not Mr. Vanjittart, and to it by our repeated Desires, and who betrays a conti-others of the Projectors, made no Secret that there was a nual Distrust of those who have appeared any way at-Prefient promised them by Coffim Aly Chan, of Twenty tached to us ?

Ixaack: ’Tis true they make a Merit that this was not 26. The Nabob’s undutiful Behaviour to the King, to be delivered till the Company’s Debt was paid, and proceeded in great Measure from his Jealously of the his Army fa-tiafied. We have to observe on this Occa- Regard we professed for him, and his Fears that we lion, that several of us have had Offers from the Nabob should reduce his Authority, by subjecting the Su« of very considerable Sums to join in his Measures, which bahship to its primitive Dependancy on the Moguls we have'constantly made public, as well as refused; and and obliging him to pay the Royal Revenues: He if we, who have always opposed those Measures, have therefore set every Engine to work to create a Rupture been thus tried with pecuniary Temptations, what may between us; he endeavoured to make the King uneasy, be concluded of those Gentlemen, who have supported and to instil Notions into him, of his being in Danger the Nabob on every Occasion ? from us, in order to get him out of the Country; he

22. If the Nabob had purchased the Power he is in*- excited a Mutiny in the King’s Camp, which, had wefted vrith, it is to be expected he will of course make not been for the timely Assistance sent by Major the roost of it, by extorting Money from his Subjects, Canute, might have proved fatal to his Majesty; he and oppressing every Province as much as he can; and as repeatedly urged Mr. Vansittart to dismiss him, and the Fate of "Jaffier Aly Chan mult have convinced him forged Letters to himself and the President, as from how little we regard the most sacred Engagements, he the King, complaining of being forcibly detained will of Necessity endeavour to establish himself on a by the Major, and expressing his Anxiety in not Foundation lei’s precarious than the Friendshipof the being allowed to leave the Country: That these Let-£ng!ish. That he already begins to do so is evident ters were forged, his Majesty hath solemnly declared from his still increasing the Number of his Troops (not* by an Attestation under his own Hand, and testified witliftanrding the present Tranquillity) and to render his Abhorrence of so infamous a Proceeding. The them the more formidable, he is arming and disciplining Nabob however at last so for prevailed, by Corrup-as many Sepoys as he can procure, in the European Man- tion, and intriguing with some of the Courtiers, as tier; and to secure himself as much as possible from us, to bring about what he had so much at Heart; esteemirjg his Capital, Moorjhedabad,(the Scene of his the King’s being sent away without receiving any Tredeceiior’fc Fall) too near our Settlements, he is about Assistance from us, or being paid any Part of the erecting a large Fort at Rajahmaul, which he proposes to Revenues of the >Subahship. This rebellious Beha-make t» is Place of Residence, where he hopes to be out of viour of the Nabob justly incensed the King, who our declared that he would not suffer him to continue in

2 3 When any Member of the Board suggests that his Subahship, whenever he had Power sufficient to the J\ ^djob’s Behaviour argues a Suspicion of us, for that prevent it.

he really confided in and sincerely regarded us, he 27. His Majesty, before his Departure, gave the wouIcf not put himself to the unnecessary Expence of most unquestionable Proof of his Hatred to Coffim keepi*r~ag so large an Army in Pay, nor treat so ill those Aly Chan, and of his Esteem for the English, by the who avowedly our Friends; it is replied, " The voluntary Offer he made them of the Dewanny of

is Master of his Country, and being inde- Bengal. This Poll is the Collection of the Revenues of

pewadant of us, is at Liberty to rule and act as he all the Provinces fubicCt to the Nabob, which are to be plws-ases." But surely Coffim Aly Chan cannot be more accounted for with the Court of Delhy. It differs from so ttxsn his Predecefl’or was; and if it be true that the the Subadarree; the latter being the Command of the Nat»ob of Bengal is independant of the English , and Troops, and the Charge of the Jurisdiction in the Pro-"jAaf\icr of his own Actions, how can the Gentlemen vinces; the Expences whereof arejpaid out of the Reve-yiftiTy their Proceedings against Mir Jaffier, whom they nues by the Dewan. It was formerly a separate Office, called to so severe an Account for the Administration of but the Nabobs of Bengal, taking Advantage of the la» own Government, as to depose him, though he had late Commotions in the Empire, have assumed it to jjot been guilty of any Offence to our Nation, nor ever themselves: From the Nature of the Office it is evi-deviated from his Treaty ? dent that the King, distrusting the Nabob, intended

24. Instead of checking the overgrowing Power of that we should be a Check upon him, and be the present Nabob, it is daily promoted; and he has answerable for the Revenues, no Account of which even the absolute Command of our Army at Patna-, he could get from Coffim Aly Chan, who detained the Chief there having Directions to let him have them for his own Use. This Appointment would what Number of our Troops he pleases to demand, have brought the Company about Fifteen Laacks without being allowed to judge of the Nature of the Yearly, exclusive of the Lands of Bwdwan,

Service for which they are demanded. This you will poor, and Chittagong, which his Majesty also offered to observe, honourable Sirs, in the Instrufhons given confirm to them, and to establish their Interest and to Mr. Ellis, dated the 22d September last, and in Influence, not only in these Provinces, but as far as the the Consultation of the same Day, where some of City of Delhy itself; to which Place our Commerce our Opinions on that Procedure are entered. — We might then, with the utmost Safety, have been ex-cannot help exprefiitig how much we fear, that an ill tended.

Use will be made, by him, of this Power over our 28. It is hard to conceive, why so honourable and ad-Forces, and that they will, sooner or later, be em- vantageous an Offer should be rejected: It is alledged, ployed for such Purposes, as v. ill render us more it would be the Source of continual Disputes between odious to the whole Country, bring greater Discredit us and the Nabob, and occasion too great a Diminution upon our Arms, and reflect farther Dishonour upon our of his Power; but surely this Consideration, admitting Nation. it to be true, ought not to stand in Competition with

Vox.. 33. the

908

s6n Mail.

A

E»(l India Affairs.

35. The Gentlemen who were the 1 Resolution, have coincided remarkat Opinion during the last Year’s Consult; the President has not tailed to llVew tl which we will give you a rerrarkabh

the Honour and Interests of the Company, which might be of the most fatal Consequenc would be greatly promoted by such an Appointment: public Affront, and one that never was

What renders this Refusal the more extraordinary, is by any Nabob; yet no Satista&ion has

that it is well known, Application was made to the tained from him, although wrote to so pi

King, soon after Mr. Vansittart's Arrival, in Jaffier Aly Head.

Chan's Time, for the Sunads or Grants of the Province 34. You will now, honourable Sirs, b of Bengal, which were actually drawrn out to be lent to pare the present, with the preceding G< us; but the Resolution, in favour of Cojfim Aly Chany momentous a Step, as subverting the 1 taking place in the Interim, an entire Stop was put to conceive, ought not to have been unde the Negociation. the most mature Deliberation, and fn

29. The Nabob was so inveterate against all those Knowledge of the Country, its Conne Natives, who were known to be in our intered, that he terefls; but this was far from being the used his utmost Endeavours to prevail on Colonel Coote fit tart had only been Three Months in and Major Carnacy to consent to his proceeding to the so short a Space of Time, can hardly be i most unjudifiable Severities against them, particularly acquired so perfect a Knowledge of M against Rajah Ramnarain-, having offered the Colonel able to determine, that it was absolut Five Laack of Rupees, provided lie would concur in the annul a Treaty, which had been ratifi Destruction of that unhappy Man, who has since been solemn Manner by Admiral Watson an given up to him by the Board; the Colonel’s Refusal together with a regularly authorized Se of this Money, we are well convinced, was the Motive guaranteed by the Credit of the Cor of his (the Nabob’s) unjud Suspicion or Resentment Honour of the Nation, against him, which appeal’s not only by the Colonel’s Letters, on the Face of the Proceedings of the Board, but also by Cojfim Aly Chans own Declaration to him, that he could not be his Friend unless he received his Present.

30. The same Spirit of Resentment which actuated withstanding in your Letter to this!

the Nabob against Colonel Coote, was equally drong 21 d January 1761, you were pleated, against Major Carnacy whom he also endeavoured to tive Terms, to order the Dilmission c buy over, to lerve his Ends, but in vain. The Nabob Flayddl, and Mac Gwire, yet on the 1 saw, with a jealous Eye, the many distinguishing Marks in consequence of Mac Gwire'% Did of Favour the King conferred on him, and would fain was appointed Chief at Patna, Mr. i have made a Breach between them; which not being in Council, that Mr. Mac Gwire Iho able to effect, he wrote several Letters of Complaint Chief dip till Mr. Ellis' s Arrival, wt against him to the President, who, from Prejudice, was effected in less than Two Months; too much inclined to believe them, and fought all Op- absolutely put tojthe Board, but carrie portunities of blaming his Conduct at the Board, and of the other Centlcmen not chusing t< putting the word Construction upon all his Endeavours glaring a Deviation from their Mai for the public Service, of which many Indances could at Mr. Vansittart's Desire, this Prcpo be produced, not entered on the Face of that Coni

31. A flagrant Injudice was done Major Carnac, in will be necessary also to observe, that calling him away from Patna, when the Detachment the honourable Chmpany had shew dill left there was large enough to render it a Command Mark of their Displeasure, as to rerr adequate to his Rank, and where he might have been Chair to Seventh in Council, at first of Service; whereas his Presence was unnecessary at Calcutta9 as the Colonel was going down.

32. A very signal Insult, offered by Cofftm Aly Chan to the English Nation, was the intercepting, by his Order, a Letter which Major Carnac, when commanding the Army, had wrote to the King, which the Nabob opened, and sent to the President. This Letter, with others from the Nabob, was minuted in Consultation of the 5th August and it was insinuated to contain Proof Cojah Petruce, and Cojah Gregory, a of a Plot concerted between the Colonel, Major Ram- Degree of Favour with the Nabc narain, and Shitabray, to create a fresh Resolution, rents; the former resides in Calcutta, Much Pains were taken to find out myderious Mean- Aly ' Chan, a known Spy upon every ings in the Letter, and Hints were thrown out to pre- Englishi, of which he never fails tc possess the Board, that such a Combination was actually the most regular Intelligence, as on Foot; however, after the elofed Scrutiny into the to both Colonel Cootc and Major C Letter, and the drifted Examination of Shitabray, who were at Patna. The latter of these j was called down from Patna for that Purpose, the of the greated Trud near the Nat Board gave it unanimously as their Opinion, that there through the Means of these Men, were not the lead Grounds to suppose any such Combi- general are setting up an independai nation, the Ridicule whereof was so conspicuous, that Country, are carrying on a Trade g we do not imagine even those, who lo seriously promoted to our Invedments in all Parts,; the Enquiry, could ever have believed it.

33. The material Part of this Letter related to an Application which the Major (by Colonel Coote's Directions) made to the King, to be put in Possession of some Fort in Shujah Dozvla's Country, upon the Gan-

gis; which, had our Troops attended his Majesty, as could not possibly prolper under we mud have marched through Shujah Dowla's TerrL now be able to account for the m tories, would have been absolutely necessary for a Place the Board, which will appear throe of Arms, and to keep up our Communication: The our Confutations, and which will Stopping such a Letter, or indeed any one, from a you till the real Cause is known; a Person in so public a as the Major then was, denied our Allents to Measures, I

to continue in the Service or not, til he had a private Conference with M which he remained in both Council a tee, till the very Day on which M Leave of the Board to proceed to order to execute the Plan which had then Mr. Holwell resigned.

36. The Armenian Miniders of

our lnveitments in Acts of Violence, which rcfleft: no the English, who are luppoled tc Proceedings.

37. It is this Sydem of Admini have con dandy opposed, as thin!

*2 Geo. III. ^.6° hop

thetn contrary to your Interests, though the adopting them would have turned out greatly to our private Emoluments, so you may rest assured it shall ever 'continue an invariable Maxim with us to make your Honour and Advantage the foie Object of our Attention.

3«. You have been acquainted, honourable Sirs, that the King has applied for our AflSftance to settle him on the Throne, and to recover such Parts of his 'territories as are still in the Hands of Rebels. It is our Opinion that we have Troops enough to form an Army for the Enterprize; and as we have

nd European Enemy to fear, the Forces requisite for

this Service can, without Danger, be spared. The Nabob’s large Army, which is now a Burthen upon the Provinces, and only kept up to screen him from the King’s Power, and through his Jealously of us,

'Would afford a considerable Addition, and at the dame Time ease the Country of an immense Expence; Shujah Dowlah, one of the most powerful fvfen of the Empire, would join with his Forces-, t»e(ides many other- considerable Powers, Friends to the King, from different Parts, would flock to the I^oyal Standard, should we ever take the Field; and our Army, most probably (as the King him-lelf has - frequently declared) would march to the Gates of JDelhy, without Opposition; we most hum-

%>ly fufomit to you, whether so glorious an Opportunity of aggrandising the Company in should not be embraced, and leave it to yourselves to judge the Reputation and Advantages which would result to them, if, through the Means of the tish Arms, his Majesty should be established on his Throne; For Want of our Aid he is now actually at a Stand, and unable to prosecute his Journey to his Capital.

39* But should you be unwilling to extend your Connections further up the Country, and, instead of accepting the Dewanny of Bengal, chuse to confine your Views to your new Acquisitions, and to the Traci« of Bengal alone, we beg Leave tb offer it As ovxr Opinion, that we ought to Maintain an Interest

in the Country, independent of the Nabob, by luppk*>rting in Power such Men as have proved them-feiv^s our Friends; this will serve as a Balance agai nft him, should he entertain ill Designs against us.

We have now given you a fair Reldtion of Th a ngs; and, conscious of the Goodness of our In-tecattions, we cannot but flatter ourselves we shall meet wit li your Approbation, in the Part we' have taken; w& shall therefore conclude with the Assurance that oca.*- Endeavours shall never be wanting to promote the HLonour arid Interests of our Employers, their Succefe being the Object of our most ferventWillies.

We are, with the greatest Respect,

Fort William, Honourable Sirs,

l Xth March 1762. your most faithful

and dutiful Servants,

Eyre Codte,

John , Ellis,

S. Batson,

H.

Appendix, N° 13.

Fort William, the 21st of April 1761.

Extract of a Letter from Major John , dated

Camp at Bockypoor 13th of April 1761, to she Select Committee.

I have long had Reason to suspect the Nabob * had ill Designs against R, and have now Voi. 33.

" found my Suspicions to be too true. His Excel- Ball India lency made a heavy Complaint to me Yesterday in the Presence of Mr. McGwire, Major Yorke, MefP*

" Lu/hingtoh and Swinlon, that there was a considerable Balance due on the Revenues of this Province.

" Ramnarrain has declared to me, that he was very w ready to lay the Accounts before him; however,

" as the Two Parties differ widely in their Statement, Mr. M'Gwire and I proposed, that they " should each make dtit their Accounts, and refer them to your Board, who would fairly decide betwefen them. This, which 1 thought was a realbn-able Propofol, was so far from being fotisFactory to " the Nabob, that he plainly declared, nothing lets " could satisfy him that! the Mahrajes being removed " From the Naibut of this Province before he returned " to Morjhedabad: You are all, I believe, acquainted,

" Gentlemen, that Colonel Clive engaged to Ramnar- raii, on the Part of the English, that he should be " continued Subah Naib of this Province, as long as he chose to be so; and the Colonel constantly " opposed every Attempt of Meer Jaffier or the Chut a " Nabob to remove him; this Engagement should " surely hold equally good against Coffins Ally w as being prior to any you have concluded with him.

<* Thus far Justice pleads in Behalf of Ramnarrain;

" and it is certainly good Policy to support the Weight and Influence of a Person known to be so attached to the English Interest, in order to coun- terbalance the Nabob, who, as far as I can judge,

" makes a Point to take all Power from out of the " Hands of those, whom he finds to favour, dr be " favoured by the English-, of this I have seen more " Instances than One, and he is now giving a fresh " Proof of it, in the same of the Roy Shitubray, whom " he is about to dispoflfefs of his Jaghuires, though.

" hfe deserves particular Consideration, both from the " Nabob and US, on Account of the Zeal and Alfiduity " with which he served both in the Transactions with " the Shahzadah.

" 1 am directed, Gentlemen, by your Letter, under Date the 9th of February, to protect Ramnarrdin against all Violence and -Injustice that may be offered against his Person, Honohr, or Fortune. If " you do not mean to include in these the Continuance of the Subihdarree to hini, it will be impossible for me to comply with your Directions j " and the Moment that all Power is taken from him*

" self, he will be reduced to the Necessity of seeking an Asylum elfbwhere, from the Oppression of " the Nabob*"

Instructions to Colonel Coote, Commander in Chief of the Forces in Bengal.

" Sir,

" The present Tranquillity of these Provinces, and *' the valuable Territories the Company are possessed " of, render the securing that Tranquillity, and the Confirmation of those Advantages, the most worthy ObjeCIs of our Attention.

" The Connection betwixt our Nation and the Shahzadah, the eldest Son of the last Mogul, may " afford the most effectual Means of answering those u Purposes, if Circumstances should turn out so, act

" to put it in our Power to assist him in prosecuting his Title to the Throne of his Father. — There " have been so many Resolutions of late in the Af- fairs of Delhy, that it is hardly possible for us to " describe to you how the several Chiefs may Hand " affected; but as far as we have been able to observe, the Chiefs who have shewn the most constant Attachment to the Cause of the Shazadah, are,

" Sujak Dowlah, the Nabob of Oude, and Nazebd " Dowlah, the Chief of the — The Territo*

" ries of the former extending from the Caratnnaffiar,

10 Y " very

East India Affairs.

26° Mail.

<c very far towards Delhyx it is his Alliance that would " be most particularly useful in promoting the Success c< of an Expedition to that Capital; nor should we " think it rash, if the Shahzadah should desire our ct Assistance, to declare openly in his Favour, whenever " Sujah Dowlah should have agreed to the Plan, and " given Aflarances of his Readiness to ad in Conjunction with us.

44 By the latest Advices from Delhy> we are in- formed Abdallah was on his Return to his own Country; and that a very large Force of Moraltoes was on its March towards Delhyx with Inten-4C tions, after executing their Purposes there, to at-4# tack Sujah Dowlah's Country. — These Advices, if true, should, we imagine, have the Effect of making the Shahzadah the more seriously inclined to alk our Assistance, and Sujah Dowlah with to strengthen himself by such an Alliance. — It is true you would " have a troublesome Enemy to deal with in so large 44 a Body of Morattoes; but we should little doubt of your beating them, if they would venture to " come to an Actionj and at the same Time such " Measures might be taken by the other Presidencies, 44 as, to oblige them to return to the Deccan; such " Measures we shall strongly recommend to the Gen-. 44 tlemen at Madrass and Bombay, if this Enterprize 44 should be carried into ‘Execution. Letters are di (patched to Sujah Dowlah, proposing this Alii-, " ance to him; and by the Time his Answers ar-n rive, we may hope also to fee your Regiment, with- out which Reinforcement we arc not able to " spare Troops enough for so distant an Expedition: 44 Another necessary Consideration, is a sufficient Ad- vance of Money for the Expences of the Army on the March; Ten Lacks at least will be necet 4C l'ary to set out with \ and as it is a Principle with us, that the Company shall bear no Part of the Burthen, this Sum must be furnished by the Nabob, out of the Revenues of Bahar and Bengal \ but whether he has the Means of doing this, besides discharging his Balance to the Company, paying oft' the Arrears due to the Troops " of the late Nabob, and the current Expences of the Government, seems to us very doubtful. — We 44 recommend to you, Sir, rather to consult with him on the Means of raising such a Sum, than peremp- torily to demand it; nor do we in the least doubt but on your representing to him the Security and Advantage which will accrue to his Government of from the intended Expedition, he will exert himself to comply to the utmost of his Power with what- ever you shall think necessary. Such Assistance as he may be in Need of to collect the Balance due to the Circar, wc desire you will be pleased to yield him.

44 We are advised by Major Carnacx that there is 44 a Difference between the Nabob and Ramnarrainx relative to the Accounts of the Patna Province: 44 Wc hope this may be amicably and reasonably adjusted; and request you will give your Assist- ance towards it as much as possible: As Ramnar-41 rain has been remarkably steady in his Alliance with the Company, and received from Colonel Clive particular Assurances of Protection, with respect to his Person, Fortune, and Government, we recom- mend to you to secure him against all Attempts of Oppression or Injustice: And further, that the Government of Patna be pfeferved to him, if it be his inclination, to continue it. It is needless for us to add, that it will be far more agreeable to all Parties if that can be done, by representing to the Nabob rhe. Obligations we are under to Ramnar- rainy and . preventing by that Means the Necessity of any forcible Measures.

44 The Shahzadah has often been pressing to have Siccas struck, and the Cootbuh to be read in his

9

44 Names but we have hitherto declined,

44 of the Uncertainty of the Expedition’s t; 44 but whenever it may appear to you, tha him these Marks of Royalty will be t) 44 {lengthening our Alliance, and bringing to join us, we leave it to your Discretic cordingly.

44 Many other Circumstances may occui require your Determination before you c; 44 cate them to us, which we, with the gre and Confidence, leave to your Discretion of our most hearty Wifties for your Suet Undertakings, being with perfect Efteen

vfiP ' 1 I4 ( f.vl #Fv *

Fort William x 28 th September 17I Monday. At a Consultation; Present,

The honourable Henry Vanfittarty Esquire Culling Smithy Esquire Warren Hajlingt* Esquir<

The Board being fully satisfied of the C dud, wrote to him the following Letter.

To Colonel Eyre Coote,

Sir,

We have the Honour to transmit to yc Copy of the Enquiries made from Shin Answers, with respect: to the Meaning 0 Expressions in those Letters of his, whic intercepted; the Business which he men' much mysterious Caution, he explains t< taining for the Company, a Sunnod for t of these. Provinces; and this agrees with given to us by Mr. Lushington: There is Appearance of such a Design as is mem Nabob’s Vakeel in the King’s Camp; 1 curing the Sunnuds for the Subadarree vinces in the Name of Serferaz Cawn'i other in the Place of Cojffim Ally Cawti; great Pleasure we allure you we are c Nabob’s Suspicions on that Head are er less.

We mud observe to you, that the ma plication for the Dewannee in the Name pany, or the encouraging others to do i pie about the Court to offer it, was for Intention, as may be seen by our Instrud Carnac of the and to you of the

we sum up all the Requests we had tc King; we were aware that such a Circur be to the Nabob a Cause of great Uneasir dary being a Trust of little Authority 01 Dewannee were in the Hands of another.

The President has acquainted the N; Result of these Enquiries, and represente* it is highly just and necessary he* should possible Amends for the groundless Sui tained of you; at the same Time we th Jogy is due from you to him, for the A him upon a Suspicion equally unreasonabh ing to attack the City of Patna.

We hope that no more of our Time o taken up with Difcufiions of this Natu steady Pursuit of the most necessary M< curing the Company’s Poflessions, and Tranquillity of the Country, will, in futi our Attention. The Instances in which have erred, will be pointed out, and o Superiors) but let us here endeavour t< ample of good Harmony to the Societ) are the chief Members; and, by preserv proper Respect for each other, excite tl ments in others.

We are, with Eftee Sir,

Your most obedient hi

3

12 Geo. lit. Mail. pii

Extras of a Letter from the honourable the Ptel?^en^ dbr. at Fort William., to Colonel Eyre Coot-e, <tated 18th June 1761.

We hope your Advice has had some Effect upon flam narr. in rt teems however, by his Delays in settling Accounts upon the Footing directed in our joint Letter to you riel f and Mr. M'Gwire, dated the 17th of last Months that he is endeavouring, by evading the Delivery of hrs Accounts-, to prel’erve his own Authority over the Subahship, and prevent the Nabob’s collecting any Money; Jt is neither equitable nor expedient to suffer any more of the Revenues to be loft; but while the old Accounts are under Examination, let the Nabob place his own People to collect: all the growing Rents, and to call the Zemindars to account for their Balances, and let 'Rimnarrain'% Powers be suspended until his Accounts be settled; and a Computation of the Rents transmitted us, with the Nabob’s Proposals for our Determination, as desired in our before-mentioned Letter.

Lx trad of a Letter from Colonel Eyre Coote, to the honourable the President, &c. at Fort William, dated French Gardens, July 17 th 1761.

By the following Paragraph in your Ircftructions to tale, dared. ylpril21ft; vhs. " As Ramnarrain has been

" remarkably steady in his Alliance with the Company;

* and received from Colonel particular Assurances- of Pr<~>te<5hion, with respect to his Person; Fortune;

" and Government; we recommend to you to secure him against all Attempts of Oppression or Injustice;

and further, that the Government of Patna be pre-' ’* served to him, if it be his Inclination to continue in " it: It is needless for us to add, that it will be far more " agreeable to all Parties, if that can be done by re-k‘ prefeoting to the Nabob the Obligations we are under to Ramttarrain, and preventing by that Means the " Necessity of any forcible" Measures j" also by several other Letters since, partly corroborating the before-mentioned Paragraph, you continued desirous of giving Famna*~y^a;n your Protection, but chose finally to have the Di ffferences between him and the Nabob settled by your L>oCifion; and though the Nabob was pleased to i°"^r _rr'Xe Five Lacks and a Half of Rupees to turn out F-z*mnarrain; and I was also sensible at that Time, from t Lie Enmity the Nabob borfc him-, that the Raja could be continued in the Subahship, yet lb deter-

mined -^as 1 not to deviate in the l'east from your In-flructi rcons, that however great this Offer might appear,

I reluf it, by alluring the Nabob it was not in my Powerbut rnuft be done by the Board j and I am con-vmcecfc ever since that Reful'al, he looked upon it I could taot be his Friend.

TVt« following Paragraph of my Letter to you, elated June 13th, will also shew how desirous I was to have those Affairs speedily determined. — *

" narram is iettling his Accounts with the Nabob, but goes on lb slowly, that I can hardly say he has *« made a Beginning: I most sincerely willi this Affair was settled bhe Way or other;" and on Receipt of your Letter of the 18th June, wherein you ordered that unfortunate Raja to be suspended from having any Itoiwer in the Country, till his- Accounts were settled, I immediately sent to acquaint him, that till he settled his Accounts, you had suspended him from the Government of the Province; and in consequer.ee the Cutcheriy was removed to the Nabob’s Encamp-' meat.

Appendix, NJ 14.

Extract of a-Letter from the Directors to the President «nd- Council at Fort1 William, dated London, iotb April 1771*

Far, 43. Having already apprised you of the Pur- Vot. 33.

poles so which we meah tb appropriate the Saving E#ftlmiu abovemen tioned, we have only to diredf, that when the Affdr*. Navy and Army Donations, the Debt due to dafs, and the stipulated Payment to Juggatfe.it, shall have been wholly satisfied and reimbursed to us out of the aggregate Reductions beforemen tioned, such further Sums as shall arise therefrom if6 to be applied’, from Time to Time, to clear the Balance unpaid to the Claimants of the Restitution Fund, and the Donation, of Two Lacks to Colonel Mtrnro, in such Proportion as the respective Claims may bear to each other, until th§

Whole shall be discharged; but you are to take Notice that the Principal only of the Sums due from the Sir-car are to be considered and allowed in the Payments here ordered.

A Letter of Thanks to Major

Fort William, the 16th November 1764.

Tuesday. At a Confutation; Present,

The honourable Henry Vansittart, Esquire, President.

John Spencer,:

Cha? Stafford Playdell,

Warren Haft lugs,

John Johnstone,

Samuel Middleton,

Ralph Leycester,

John Burden, Esquires.

A Letter of Thanks; addressed to the Commander in Chief.

Agreed that we address, on this Occasion, the following Letter to Major Munro.

Sir,

We have received, with great Pleasure, the first News of your Success of the 13d October, against Shujah Dow/a,by your Note to the President from the

Field of Battle; and Yesterday we were favoured with your Letter of the 26th, containing the Detail of the.

Action, which from the great Force of the Enemy, r.nd the Number of their Artillery, is one of the most interesting that ever was fought in India. The signaL Victory you gained, lb as at one Blow utterly to defeat their Designs against these Provinces; is an Event which does so much Honour to yourself. Sir, in particular, and to all the Officers and Men under your Command, and which, at the same Time, is attended with such important Advantages to the Company, as calls upon us to return you our sincere Thanks. We shall regard it at Once as our Pleasure and Duty; to set forth to the Court of Direlftors, how much they are obliged to you for your Skill and Activity in the Care of the Army, before the Opening of the Campaign; your Judgment in leading the tu into the Field in the car--liest of the Season, and your conducing the Dispo-. fition you made for receiving or attacking the Enemy.

Wc request that you will return our Thanks to the othfcr Field Officers, and the Commandant of the Artillery, for their Care and Vigilance in preserving this Disposition, and taking every Advantage over the Enemy; and to the Officers and Men in general, for their Bravery and good Behaviour on this important occasion.

Lieutenants Nicoll, Harper, and Bevan, mentioned irt your Letter to us, and Captains Grant, IVinzuood, Hay,

Stables, and Kinlock> Mr. Hamilton, your Aid de Camp;

Lieutenant Duff, of the Artillery; Mr. Stuart, your Secretary; and Mr. Sage, who acted as Major s

Aid de Camp, mentioned in like Manner in your Letter to the President, as meriting your particular Notice, have gained great Honour. They may be assured that 'your Recommendation shall not be forgot; that they shall receive, upon all Occasions, every Encouragement the Rules of the Service will admit of We shall also take the first Opportunity of writing to the President and Council of Bombay; of the good Services of

Major

12

26° Mail.

A

Bast India Major Pemble, and Captains Hamilton and Mac Pherson, Affairs. bcionging to that Establishment, and shall request of them to take every Opportunity of rewarding their Merit.

For the further Operations of the Army we refer you to our separate Letter of Instructions of this Date, and are with great Esteem,

Sir,

Calcutta, Your most obedient humble Servants,

6th Novr 1764, Ht Vansittart, &c.

APPENDIX^ N° I j.

Paragraph from General Letter to Bengal, 27th April 1763.

Par. 5. With respect to the Jagueer given by the late Nabob Jaffier Ally Khan to Lord Clive, arising out of the lands, granted by the said Nabob to the Company, we direct that you do not pay any further Sums to the At torn ies of Lord Clive on that Account; and we further direct, that whatever shall arise in future from the said Jagueer be carried to our Credit. You are to cause exact Accounts to be made out and transmitted to us, not only of what shall so come into our Cash, but also of all the Sums Lord Clive's Attornies have already received on the said Account, together with the Dates of the several Payments: his Lord ship’s Pretensions to the said Jagueer will be settled here.

Copy Letter frorh the Secret Committee, dated 30th December 1763, to the President, bfc. of the Select Committee.

*. dfcj 7C . j 1,'' ti ft Vi 1 i r *

. J v J 1 |T 0 u

To the President and the rest of the Select Committee at Fort William.

Soon after the General Letter of the Court of Directors of the 27th April last, containing Orders to the Governor and Council to suspend all future Payments of the Rents claimed by Lord Clive as a Jaghire, his Lordship thought fit to commence a Suit in the Court of Chancery against the Company, infilling on a Title to those Rents. A Copy of his Bill, and the Company’s Answer, we fend you herewith, by which you will learn how he makes out his Claim, and hoW we controvert it: If the Plaintiff should be advised to proceed in his Cause, the next Step to be taken in it, we are told, will probably be a Commission to issue out of the said Court here, but to be executed in Bengal, in order to ascertain the Fads infilled on, and the Constitution, Usage, and Laws of the Empire, as far as regards this Question; and for that Purpose to examine and take the Depositions in Writing, of the several Witnesses either Side may think fit to produce to prove or disprove the several Allegations contained in the Bill or in the Answer. Whenever such a Commission issues, proper Instructions will be sent out with it, respecting the Manner of executing it. In the mean Time it is our Desire (and it is for this Purpose we write you now) that you will immediately take the proper Steps to inform yourselves of the real State of the Fads material to the Discussion of the several Questions upon which the Plaintiff’s Claim appears, by the Bill and Answer, to depend; particularly that you will immediately make proper Enquiries into the Authenticity of the pretended Patent from the Mogul, creating the Plaintiff an Emir or Omra of the Empire, which he makes the Foundation of his Title, deriving from it a Capacity to accept a Jaghire, and, as he pretends, a Right to expect one. If no such Patent ever issued (as we have great Reason to believe) or if any of the usual Forms necessary to make it valid and effectual were wanting, this will be decisive against him. You fee therefore the Importance of this Enquiry, and cannot be too attentive to it. The Manner of obtaining the supposed Grant of the Jaghird Aly Khan, the Nabob’s Motives, Intention be likewise particularly enquired into, and should have been (as the Plaintiff’s own L to suspect) any Imposture in any of the Inst posed to have formerly issued, or if any T Kind should be attempted now* you arc Pains or Expence to detect it; and above Desire that you will instantly make esse* tions to the Courts of Delhi and Muxadavt the issuing any new Grants or Confirmafu the Plaintiff might supply the Defects Title, or acquire a new one, though he none at present; for though we have no fire to prevent a fair DilCufiion and D Plaintiff’s present Pretensions, yet we are ble of the many Inconveniences to the C such a Title, should it be established, \ that we think it our Duty to make the ft into the Foundation of the Claim, and Title at present, to use our bed Endeavi the acquiring one* We think it equal the Honour, and to the Interest of that it should thus become tributary, a own Servants; and the soliciting, or ev Grant of the Sovereignty of the Compa appears so inconsistent with that Relatioi it will be found as illegal, as we are fi per. If those Rents must be paid, we many Accounts, much meye for the Company to pay them as usual to the Use of the Mogul, than to any preter theirs, whose Receipts we fear ^vould be the Company, when those Princes (hou consider the Rents as in Arrear; whicl will be the Cafe, if ever they find then dition to compel the Payment of them, however, as Things were at Bengal late Nabob was induced to make tb gives Occasion to the present Claim Company had a Right to expect to be Tribute altogether; and that the prefer Governor of the Company’s Settlem mander of their Troops, ought to h: Influence this Station gave him in pr< cession for the Company’s Benefit ir The present Situation of Things the dill to hope, that both the Mogul Nabob may be prevailed upon to Rents in Favour of the Company, a Sake of the Revenue, as to prevent t ing ever again embarrassed with a C sent: We direct you to solicit and 1 deavours, to obtain that Concession, as we trust you will, that those Ren Disposal.

As it will be necessary, for the P these Orders into Execution, that for we can confide so great a Trust, Muxadavad and Delhi, we think it of you should undertake this Nej commend Mr. John Spencer, if 1 otherwise Mr. Warren Hajiings; an to take with him such of the Con are bed qualified by their Capac Knowledge of the Language, to giv Ash dance.

We have only to add, that ir should think it necessary, as it is \ employ an Agent in Bengal to aflil relative to the Matters in Disput< the Company, it will be obviouflj of you, with whom we now cor Council to whom Instructions n hereafter on this Subjed, should

4

12 Geo. III.

i <5° Mali,

913

This last Circumstance you will privately communicate be directed to pass the Amount to the Credit of the E?*J.nd" frfc -_n_ C f P.fMinAil A or An»-»f n»U!i ~C i>l, A pAfrimnirV Aifkirs.

<c

to the rest of the Council.

We are

Your loving Friends,

The Secret Committee of the £aft India Company. Hy Crabb 'Boulton,

"John Boyd, Lau.

London,

30 Dec. 1763-

Fort William; the 23d April 1764.

Monday. At a Consultation 5 Present,

The honourable Henry Vanfat art, Esquire, President,

Warren Hajlinp Esquire, Randolph M, Esquire,

Samuel Middleton, Esquire,

Ralph Leycejier Esquire,

John Burdett, Esquire.

The Nabob’s Letter to the Governor and Council, in consequence of the Company’s Orders regarding Colonel Clive's Jagheer.

The President lays before the Board the following Letter, which he has received from the Nabob, ad-diefled to himself and the Council.

Dated 27 th March 1764.

" From the Nabob to the Governor and Council.

" I am informed by Major Carnac, that the Gentle-c men of Council at Calcutta, in conformity to the " Directions of the Councilors in Europe, have taken " Possession of, and propose paying into the Company’s TTrealury, the Rents of the Jagheer, which I assigned to my Son Colonel Clive, in Consideration of the great Services he performed for me, and " which God is my Witness I gave him, without his " desiring it, merely as a Reward for his dutiful and affectionate Behaviour to me. This Affair surprised me greatly, because no other Gentlemen have any Flight to what I have given to my Son Colonel Clives If th<^re£ore is not agreeable to them to continue the J ^ghcer to my laid. Son, the Right and Property; ^ere"CDf reverts to me. I will resume it. Whatever ^0r^t^y now is, or may hereafter be due* on account of said Jagheer, you will be pleased to pay it into

ihc of Mr. Vansittart> that so I may receive the

u full ^\ITlount thereof. Let these my Orders be faith-lolly- complied with."

1 he- Reversion of it to Limeftcemed incontestable.

the Company have been pleased to forbid our contirx^aing to pay this Jagheer to Lord Clive % we are unanunnoully of Opinion, that the Nabob’s Right to the Nloney is iuconteftabie.

Order and Resolution in consequence.

Ordered therefore, that the Accomptaat to the Com-tiVitUe of Lands, do prepare, and lay before the Board* an Account of what is due to this Time; the same may V>e brought to the Nabob’s Credit.

And agreed, that the President do advise the Nabob accordingly.

Fort the 7th May 1764.

fAonda':. At a Conlultation; Prelent, „

The honourable Hairy Vcmfitt&rt, Esquire,

Warrai Esquire,

Raudoiph Harriott y Esquire,

Rr.Jy: Leyrcjler, Esquire,

Ljhr Elouire.

Account o; iUor.cv due on I.orel Clive's Jagheer,

1 in: Aecz-mptani to the Committee ot Lands lays be tore the Board the Account Money clue on Lord Clive’s Jagheer to the nth April last, amounting to - w - - - S* R* 1,25,655 7 3

Entered, and an Order to the Sub Treasurer. _ Ordered, it be entered, and that the Sub Treasurer VoL. 3?.

Nabob’s Account, and the Debit of the Company’s Zemindary.

Particulars of the Sums on which Roydolub received his Commission in 3 Payments.

To the Company - 4683595 n J

Army and Navy - ‘ - - 2341797 8 3

Inhabitants 3606368 — 6

Deduct Army and Navy, on J which no Commission was J» drawn - - - J

Committee 1150000 5 A Present from Colonel being 5 per Cent, upon 25 Lacks -

106,30761 4 4

234»797 8 3

8289963 12 1

5

4,14,498 1 5

575°°

1,25000

596998

An Account of Money agreeable to the Receipts of Raja Dolevaram, received Account Commission, viz.

5 Sun Siccas , - - 7400

MnxadavadSonauts - 94991

Dacca Sonauts - - 10513

Patna Sonauts - - 148770

Arcot Good - - 4133d

Patna less Rupees - 549°3

Arcotsless - - 85144 £

Sonauts of Sorts less - 153178

R‘ 596229 |

N. B. The above Sums are given to Rajah Dolevaram by Coja Petrufe, the Bags containing some One thousand, and lomeTwo thousand; the said Bags were sealed with a Mohur of Nabob Surozut Dowlah, and regularly the above Sums were received by Dolevaram; but those Bags that were less to the Amount of 767 Z. R* which was likewise received by him.

Lord Clive observed, concerning the Account laid before the Governor and Council by Roy Dullub, in which is an Article of 5 per Cent, received by him (Roy Dullub) on a Present of 25 Lacks of Rupees given by the Nabob to his Lordship, that to the best of his Recollection Ray Dullub, who was the Nabob’s Prime Minister and Treasurer, received a Commission of 5 per Cent. upon all the Treaty Money (except that to the Navy and Army) upon all the Committee Money, and also upon all the separate Donations to those Individuals, as well Blacks as Europeans, who had been particularly useful in the Resolution; some of whose Names were mentioned in his Lordship’s Evidence on the 28th of April; that those separate Donations must be included in the 25 Lacks specified in Roy s Account. — Lord

Clive having been the principal Person, he-imagined was the Reason, why the whole of that Money was put under his Name, although his Proportion was only what has been already declared by his Lordship. And it is certain, that the Deduction of 5 per Cent. Commission for Roy Dullub, was made from every Body’s Proportion as well as from Lord Clive's.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

1 o Z Colonel

Haft India Affair.'.

9'4

16° Maii.

Colonel Burgoyne also reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Petition of Gregore Cojamau/, late of Bengal in the Raft Indies, on Behalf of himself and others, referred to their Consideration; and had directed him ‘to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, and to whom the Petition of Gregore Cojamaul, late of Bengal in the East Indies, on Behalf of himself and others, was referred; have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition; and considering the Lateness of the present Sessions and the Importance of the Subjetft, beg Leave to lay before the House, the whole of the Evidence upon their Proceedings thereon.

Veneris, 8* die Maii, 1772. Colonel Burgoyne in the Chair; Present, Mr. Johnflone, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Sutton, Mr. Vane, Mr. Straches, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Otigley, Mr. Hot ham, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Ellis.

Read, the Petition of Gregore Cojamaul \ as follows: To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in " Parliament assembled.

The humble Petition of Grejore Cojamaul, late of Bengal in the East Indies, on Behalf of himself. and " others:

" Sheweth,

" That your Petitioner, who is an Armenian Christian, and Native of Ifphahan in Perfta, has for many Years resided in India as a Merchant, particularly in the Provinces of Bengal and its Dependencies, where those of his Nation have ever been allowed to carry on Trade, according to the ancient Usages of those Countries, and even were indulged with certain Privileges in that Relpetft.

" That your Petitioner, who has ever strictly conformed himself to the Usages of those respective Countries, has, with many others of his Nation, of late, been greatly impeded in their Business as Merchants, by the most cruel, destrutftive, and injurious Regulations, and grievously oppressed by long and cruel Imprisonments, and otherwise, by the nominal Nabobs, and other Servants of the English East India Company in Bengal, notwithstanding your Petitioner never in any Degree injured the said Company, nor was ever guilty of any Breach of the Laws, either of India or this Nation; to the known Justice of which last, he has already applied for Satisfaction for the great Lodes and Injuries he has sustained.

" That, when your Petitioner, and others, have been injured and oppressed by such Imprisonments, within the Districts to which His Majesty’s most gracious Charter of Justice, granted to the said Company, is not allowed to extend, they have applied to the said nominal Nabobs of Bengal for Justice, who have referred them and your Petitioner to the President or Secret Committees of Calcutta in Bengal, alledging such Imprisonments to have been effected by their Orders; and when, on the Part of your Petitioner and such other Persons, Application has been made for Justice at Calcutta to the said Company’s Governor and President of the Secret Committees, they have been referred back to the said Nabobs; and in this grievous Situation, without ever being able to know of what Crime he was accused, your Petitioner, by such Evasions, has been ruined, and left without any other Remedy than the precarious Redress which lie

" may possibly obtain from the Courts of " Country, under all the Disadvantag " Justice in a Foreign Land, at such a ] " the Scene of Action, without Friends c " That your Petitioner, upon his Arrii u was advised to apply to the Diredoi " India Company for Redress, in conf( " Injuries he had sustained by their Ser ,c which your Petitioner accordingly did in " ble Manner, but has never yet been abl u satisfatftory Answer from that honoura That your Petitioner is about to retui " and Business in Bengal, where, under tl " ble Government, he is apprehensive h M perty, and Family, as well as the rest " will be exposed to greater Hardships I " Account of his having applied for Ju! " unless protected by some effectual " Government by the British Legislatur " Your Petitioner therefore humbl " nourable House to take this Ct " ration, and grant such Relief " with respect to the future Sec " and Property in Bengal, as to " this honourable House shall t (Signed) " G The Committee then read Parts of by Lord Clive, upon his leaving tengi and the rest of the Gentlemen of the Se dated the 16th January 1767; as follow u The first Point in Politics whid cc Consideration, is the Form of Gove " sensible that since the Acquisition of " Power formerly belonging to the <c Provinces, is totally, in fa<ft, vested " Company. Nothing remains to hi " and Shadow of Authority. This N; " Shadow, it is indispensably neceflir <c to venerate; every Mark of Distin " must be lliewn him, and he hims " shew his llefentment upon the least of from other Nations.

" Under the Sanction of a Soubah " ment that may be attempted b " can effectually be crushed, with " Interposition of our own Authoi <c Grievances complained of by them " same Channel, be examined into; " it therefore always remembered th " bah, that we have allotted him " must be regularly paid, in Supp* " and that though the Revenues b " pany, the territorial Jurisdiction r " Chiefs of the Country acting ui " Presidency in Conjunction. To " pany’s Servants to the Offices of " deed to do any Act by an Exer c< Power, which can equally be dor " our Instance, would be thro\v: " would be declaring the Comp; " Provinces. Foreign Nations wou " Umbrage, and Complaints prefi " Court, might be attended with " Consequences. Nor can it be f " the French, Dutch, or Danes, wo " ledge the Company’s Soubahfhi " Hands of their Servants the Du " the QuitRents of those Distridfcs long been possessed of by virtu " maunds, or Grants from forme: " To what I have urged in ger fC jc(ft of Regulations, 1 beg Leave c< in relation to one particular Po " pany’s Servants at the Aurungs " Factories, except such as are f " nates, and are necessarily cmplc finess, all free Merchants, mull

ia Geo. III. 6° Mai915

Place of Residence confined to Calcutta, Orders for this Purpose have already been issued, and the Time for their being obeyed is limited. Herein no Confi- deration whatsoever, scarcely Humanity itself, except in any very extraordinary lnfiance, should " tempt you to relax; for be allured, that until these Regulations take place, the Company cannot be " properly laid to enjoy their just Rights and Privi- leges, nor the Natives to be Mailers of their own Property.

" Another growing Evil, which requires a speedy Remedy, is the Number of Vagabonds that infeft " the Presidency. All. those must be apprehended and embarked on board Ships for Europe without Delay. In their native Country they may become " useful to the Public, but in Calcutta they are worse than Idlers. Our Police is not perfect enough to prevent their being guilty of many Outrages, of " which I need only mention the opprelling the poor " Inhabitants, and the retailing of Spirituous Liquors, " which destroy the Constitution and Lives of many of our Soldiers."

The Committee then read Part of a Minute of Mr. Verelft, who succeeded Lord Clive in the Government of Bengal^ as recorded in the Proceedings of a Select Committee held on the 5th February 1767, at which were also present Colonel Richard Smith, Francis Sykes, Claud R-tfjffell, and Alexander Campbell, Esquires 5 viz.

" Lord Clive, in his Letter to this Committee, has " been so very explicit on the present State of Affairs, *« and has fixed on so judicious and so wife a Plan of " Politics, that I conffder it as my Duty to recommend, in the moltearnelt Manner, our strictly adher- ing thereto, from a Conviction that it is a Plan the " rieft calculated to insure Stability to the Affairs of " the Company, to preserve Harmony and Concord amt>ngfi ourselves. and to establish that Order, " H^^ularity, and Subordination, without which the 6rfcateft and moll opulent Kingdoms cannot long *' I'1 Infill — Though his Lordship is no longer present 1° assist us in those lalutary Measures for the Wel- *"« of the Company, which he had so much at " *f^art, and in the Prosecution of which be risqued health, his Life, and every Thing dear, yet the " L-^igacy he has left us will serve as a Guide for our " fua ture Conduct, in the weighty and important Conms of this Government."

T'Mie Petitioner, Gregore Cojamaul, was then called upo n to give an Account of the Circumstances of his beir-xg taken up and confined, to the Time of his Re! caiement and Embarkation for England; which he did in the following Words:

On the 14th March 1768, Rajah Bulwantjing's Officer feiz.ed me at Bara Fort, and told me it was in con-fec|\ience of an Order that the Rajah had received from the Calcutta Governor, Mr. Then I was taken

to different Forts under Forty Men, who guarded me. On the 17th they put me in a Boat, where was another pril'oner, an Armenian Gentleman, called Melcomb Phillip. We were carried to Chowfah, where I received from the Rajah and his Ministers, Letters of Condolance on my Imprisonment, and Approbation of my Conduct. After some Days we were carried to Fatna, where we arrived the 30th March, and we were carried before the Company’s Collector named Shitabroy, who confined us in his Cutcherry till the 6th April. He then sent away Rajah Bulwantjing's Guards, and put English Sepoys over us. As loon as the Guard was changed, they carried us into a Boat in such a hasty Manner, that we could not know what we were accused of: One Day we heard there was an Order of Mr. Vereljl, the Governor of Calcutta, that we should be carried to before

Mahomed Reza Khawn. We arrived at Murjhedabad on the 26th April 1768, and we were carried before Mahomed Reza Khazvn, who was the Superior of the Vol. 33.

English ColleClots. He drdered its to be carried to a E*ft iodU Place called Ferrakbag. On the 27th April, the First *

Sepoys Guard was sent away, and other were put in their Place, under the Command of* Major Christian Fife her. — While we were Prifofters, our Relations and Friends applied to the Nabob to release us, who told them he had wrote to Calcutta for Orders. At Calcutta our Relations presented a Petition to the Governor and Council, which was presented to Mr. Vereljl himself, who told them to go and apply to the Nabob at the City of Murjhadaba On the 23d May we were released. We went to Calcutta, where we arrived the 8 th June. On the 10th we Waited on Mr. Vereljl, to know his Pleasure, He infilled we had not been Prisoners. I told Mr. Verelft that I had transacted Business for some English Gentlemen, under a Purwannah, sealed with the Company’s Seal j he said.

If this is the Cafe, then you are blameless: Bring the Purwannah and Ibew it me — I did not bring my Purwannah to shew him, being advised not to do it* because the other Gentleman, Melcomb Phillip, told mo that he had carried his, and that Mr. Vereljl had detained it. Afterwards I was diffrefied, from an Ordef that no Armenian or Portuguese should go out of thtf English Dominions, lb I remained without having- my Goods, or being able to collect my Money, which determined me to come to this Country to seek for*

Justice.

Q. To what Value do you suppose the Goods and Debts you left behind you amounted to ?

A. In all £.5,000.

Q. Was that belonging to yourself ?

A. Yes.

Q. Did you leave no Goods or Debts with which you was intruded by other People ?

A. I did.

Q. Whose Goods ?

A. Mr. Bolt's and Mr. Hare's. I guess about, 10 Of £. 12,000 worth.

Q. In what Part of the Country were those Goods and Debts ?

A. In Bulwantjing's Dominions,

Q. Since that Time have you received no Account of your own Debts, or those belonging to Mr. Bolts or Mr.

Hare f

A. I have had no Account — 1 have been in England since August 1769.

Q. Did you never hear that the Company’s Servants were forbid to trade in Bulwantjing's Country ?

A. No — -I think the Company’s Servants were allowed to trade in that Country, because I have often seen Goods there belonging to the English, and have seen English Gomaflahs in that Country.

Q. Do you think your Goods and Debts, together with those of Mr. Bolts and Mr. Hare, are loft, so that you shall never receive them ?

A. I don’t expect a Farthing.

Q. Of the £.5,000 you left, what Part was in Goods* and what in Debts ?

A. Rather more in Debts than Goods.

Q. When you left that Country, did you look upon your Debts as good ?

A.At that Time every one was good.

Q. W hat Part of Mr. Bolt's and Mr. Hare's Property left behind, was in Goods, and what in Debts I

A. As I guess, rather more in Goods than in Debts.

Q. Did you apprehend that their Debts were good when you left that Country ?

A. They were good.

Q. Do you know of any Goods of English Manufac* tory being fold in Bulwantjing's Countty ?

A. No.

Q. Do you know of any English Broad Cloth and Copper, or other English Commodities, being fold in Bulwantjing's or Sujahal Dowla's Country ?

A. 1 never saw it, but have heard of it.

Q. At

2 6° M

East India Affairs.

Q. At what Time was it that you have heard of English Goods being fold in Bulwantfing s Country ?

A. Between 1767 and 1768.

Mr. Cojamanl's original Purwannah was then produced, and declared by Mr. Rumbold to be the Purwannah issued by him when he was Chief of Patna — It was interpreted by Gonyjhamdafs as follows:

ZF' fti,

w>

wKIR,

The Governors, Zemindars, Chowdries and Canon-goes, of the Districts belonging to the Province of Glia-zipore, which belongs to the great Province of Owd% may observe — Since Gregor<?, Gomaftah, being appointed by Mr. Francis Hare, Gentleman, to buy and sell Goods, he going into that Country, that he may carry on Trade for the abovesaid Gentleman, for the Space of Six Months, it is necessary that Nobody shall interrupt him, that he may carry on Trade by Uprightness with an ealy Mind; it is necefliiry, that they, having observed the Power of this Order, may put it in Execution — Dated the 30th October 1767, in the gth Year of the King.

Mr. Cojamaul was then asked, Had you ever any Warning or Notice either from the Servants of the English Company or Bulwantfing, or any of his Officers, that you was conducing yourself improperly, before you was seized and imprisoned ?

A. I never had any Notice.

Q. Did you think that Purwannah gave you Authority to trade for Mr. Bolts ?

A. No.

Q. Had you any Purwannah to trade for Mr. Bolts ?

A. No.

Q. Had you a Right to trade for the English without Purwannah ?

A. I had, being a Merchant settled in that Country.

Q. If you had a Right to trade without a Purwannah, what Use was there in having one ?

A. I was ad vi fed if I did any Business for English Gentlemen to get one — 1 had Liberty and Permission from the Rajah Bukvantjing to do Business in that Country, and never was molested the Rajah and the People were satisfied.

Q. Was Ghazipore Part of Bulwantfing's Country ?

A. It was.

When you came to this Kingdom, did you apply to the East India Company ?

A. I arrived in London the 18 August 1769 — I presented a Petition to the Court of Directors on the 12 September, and I never had any Answer — In October the Secretary sent me a Letter that he would be glad to speak with me any Morning. I employed Mr. Bolts, because I could not talk English myferf.

Q. Did Mr. Verelfi ever desire you to give him a List of your Goods, and say he would assist you in recovering them ?

A. No.

Q. When you carried on Trade in Bulwantfing's Country, did you ever make use of the English Name ?

A. I did not, 1 had no Occasion, because I was a Merchant — I traded for English Gentlemen, but did not call myself an English Gomaftah, nor laid I traded by English Authority.

Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, being then called, said, with Regard to Purwannahs, they are of very different Kinds. When they are issued in the Manner of that

SEAL.

The Magnificent Merchants of the English Company, the Dewans of the Magnificent Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, Servants of the Bold King Shah Allum.

produced, for the Purchase of Goods, the S the Company have only been intitled to the exempt the Possessor from all Duties or Imp the Officers of the Country Government, am residing in Bulwantfmgs Country, without within the Provinces, could have carried on t ness without being liable to frequent Interru[ Demands of Duties from the Farmers of the I believe there has been no Armenians residing Dowla's Country, ’till the Influence obtain English, and they were after that, in comi other Gomaftahs, employed by the Servants ol pany. It was some Time doubtful whethei Right to grant those Purwannahs for the I Goods within his Dominions: It had howevc fomevTime done, and no Notice taken ot it from Shujah Dowlas being afraid of offendin lish after being put in Possession of his Coi course of Time, Complaints came that the \ of the English were guilty of many Oppressi Country. Many Letters were wrote by Shttji some I received myself, and General Smith, the Court of Shujah Dowla, often made Repr to me how disagreeable it was to the Nabo those Gomaftahs residing with such a Protect his Country; this occasioned Orders from tb and Council of Fort William, that no P should in future be granted; that all the < should be recalled, and, that when Goods Boundaries of the Bahar Province, whether to the Natives of Bengal, Bahar, and Orij should be subject to the Duties collected Dowlas Officers from other Merchants. — In the English Privilege should be withdrawn, that those Orders trom the President and Cc in confluence of some Directions from H Men who had those Purwannahs were intit ticular Privileges, and Exemption from all the Country Government. When the Orde recalling the Gomaftahs, several Gentlemei represen ted, that they should suffer greatly mediate Recall of their Gomaftahs, before have Time to adjust their Concerns, and i made this Representation were ..indulged wi Times but there appearing no End to that I another Order was lent for their immedia and to deliver up their Purwannahs.. This signified to the several Gentlemen I had gr wannahs to; many of the Purwannahs were to me. I cannot speak particularly to the 1 of those Armenians, why it was not given up, the 'l'ime was glapled — Several Gomaftah mained in Shujah Dowla's Country, and took of English Gentlemen: Three in particula Name, and were seized either by Shujah Di Troops acting under Captain Harper: Mr. \ lident at Calcutta, wrote to me, that he wi there should be Men acting for me in tha when the Orders from the Presidency had to been repeated against it. I wrote him for was very glad they had been taken up, and would meet with a due Punishment for ad Name without any Authority from me. Th maftahs that I kept in the Country at that for the Service of the Company, and by P< Shujah Dowla, to provide Timber at a I Gorruckpore, for building Barracks for the never had any Complaint from Mr. Hare, w Second at Patna, of those People who by th nah had acted as his Gomaftahs, being seized recoliect the Time, but Mr: Bolts wrote to tioning the le Armenians being in Shujah Doz try, and recommending to me to employ t Gomaftahs; he particularly mentioned to 1 vantages that would arise by carrying on a Trade by them. I declined employing the n

2 Geo. III.

a <5° Mail.

Q. At what Time did you receive those Complaints from Shujah al Dowla ?

A. i cannot charge my Memory with the particular

Time.

Q- Did not Mr. Joknftone present the Purwannali now

produced, to you several Days ago, to look at the iDate, that you might be Matter of the Subject ?

A. Certainly-

Q. Did you understand this Purwannah was both to buy' and fell ?

A. Undoubtedly.

Q. By what Stipulation of Treaty or other Regulation, did the Exemption of Duties arise in consequence of the Eng/ish Purwannah in and Shujah

Dowlas Country ?

Refers back to the former Part of his Evidence.

Q. Do you remember the Date when Orders were sent to you not to grant any more Purwannahs?

A. L have many Copies of Transadfcions Abroad, which 1 keep for my own Satisfaction — If, on looking over my Papers, I shall find the Copy of the Order, I shall certainly bring it to the Committee.

Q. In what Eight do you consider ?

A- I consider Shitabroyas a Man appointed by the Nabob and NIinifters, to collect the Revenues, with the Approbation of the Company’s Agents, as having the Dewanny in their Possession.

Q. W ho do you conceive the Nabob and Ministers to be appointed by?

A. I believe the Company’s Records will shew.

Q. Have you any Belief or Knowledge concerning

that yourself ?

A. 1 never had the Honour of being concerned in the Appointment of any Nabob or Minister.

Q. When you was Chief at , was Shitabroy under your Direction?

A. ISTo.

Q W as he perfectly independant of your Authority ?

A- r ntirely independant of my Authority.

Jt- *^>o you consider him as a Servant of the East India O ompany or not ?

A- Tvo more than I consider Mahomed Reza Cawn.

you consider Mahomed Reza Cawn as a Servant ?

i consider him as the Minister of the Nabob.

Q* Does Mahomed Reza Cawn receive his Directions upon the Affairs of Government from the Nabob ?

A. 1 never was present at any Directions that were Cent t_<^> him.

Q. Did you ever fend or give any Order to Shitabroy P

A. I never gave an Order to him in my Life, but 1 have made many Requests to him as Chief of the Eadtory.

Q. Was he always so civil as to grant your Requests ?

A. He was one of the bed bred Men I ever met with, and I never gave him an Order.

Q. What would have been the Consequence to Shitabroy-, if he had refused the Request ?

A. If it had been on Behalf of the East India Company, I should have represented it to the Governor and Council of Calcutta. — if of a private Nature, 1 mutt have satisfied myself.

Q, Do you suppose, in consequence of such Reprc-- fentation, Shitabroy would have been removed from his Office ?

A. I suppose, if it had been any thing that materially affected the Interests of the Company, the Nabob would have shewed a proper Resentment to the Officer who had Charge of his Business in that Province.

Q. Do you believe Shitabroy would have dared to refuse any Request coming from you officially as a pub-Vot.33.

9*7

lie Officer of the Company, and upon a public Ac- East India count ? Affair*.

A. Except the Request had been very improper, I don’t believe he would.

Q- Who pays Shitabroy his Salary ?

A. He is paid out of the Revenues, the same as other Officers employed in the Collection of them.

Q. Who is it that pays him, the Nabob or the Company ?

A. Certainly the Nabob; he receives it out of the Revenues, and makes up his Accounts every Year to the Nabob, at Murjhedabad.

Q. Was it paid out of the Gross Revenue, or out of the particular Revenue assigned to the Nabob by Treaty ?

A. Out of the Gross Revenue.

Q. About what Time were these Purwannahs first issued?

A. There were Purwannahs issued before I was Chief of the Factory, which was in December 1766.

Q. Were any Purwannahs ordered by Lord Clive ?

A. I don’t recollect.

Q. Were Purwannahs of the same Effect as those produced, issued in Bengal, Bahar, and Orifta ?

A. There were, to the Company’s Servants, mentioning the Name of the Gomaftahs employed by them.

Q. Could a Gomaftah, acting under such a Purwannah, fend Goods free of Duties without a Duf-tuck ?

A. Certainly not — The Duftuck passes the Goods by the different Custom Houses, which are called Chokies; but there is a Duty upon almost every Species of Goods that is paid to the Farmer where those Goods are manufactured, which the Duftuck has nothing to do with, and which all the Countrjr Merchants are subject to, but which the Purwannah given to our Merchants exempts them from, as I have always understood. I am not lure, whether the Duty is paid by the Purchaser or Manufacturer, but whichever it is, the Purwannah ex* empts him — I have traded in Shujah Dowla'% Country, in Ophium and some little Saltpetre.

Q. Do they pay Duties in Shujah Dowla'% Country ?

A. I always traded as a Servant of the Company, and consequently my Agents were furnished with Pur-wannahs and Duftucks, and therefore I cannot speak positively to the Duties — When those Orders came to me, every Gomaftah of mine was recalled.

Q. Had you ever any Complaints against Cogee Gre-gore. Cogee Melcomb, Cogee JohannesPadre , or Ramfunker ?

A. Never particularly; the Complaints that I heard were in general against the English Gomaftahs.

Q. Did you ever hear or know the Causes for confining those Gomaftahs ?

A. I never heard any thing in particular about them.

Q. Had you ever any Complaint from any of the Princes of the Country, while you was Chief at , against Mr. Bolts ?

A. No; not to my Recollect ion.

The Committee then proceeded to read Part of the Proceedings held at a Confutation of the 18 May 1768, in Calcutta; at which were present Harry,

Esquire, President, Colonel Richard Smith, Richard Becker, James Alexander, Claud Russell, William Aldersey, and Charles Fftoyer, Esquires j as follows:

" The Select Committee lay before us the following Extradf from their Proceedings of the 27th ultimo.

" Extract from the Proceedings of the Select Committee, the i) April 1768.

" This Board being sensible of the great Diladvantages refuting from an immediate Recall of Gomaftahs " of Tndividuals, at present trading in the Countries of the Nabob Shujah al Dowla and Bulwantfing, under

11 A " the

East India Affairs.

918

26® Mali.

(C

(S

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

the Sanction of the English, it is resolved to allow them to reside there for the Space of Two Months, for the Adjustment of the Affairs of their Constituents, and the Collection of their outstanding Balances, and shall on no Account whatever be allowed to engage in any new Concern, and that they shall quit those Countries immediately after the Expiration of the Term limited for their Residence.

" And, in order to facilitate the Adjustments of their Affairs, as well as to prevent the Frauds and other Abuses to which such a Redaction might otherwise expose them; it is further resolved and agreed, that the President do inform the Nabob Shujah al Dowla and Buhvantfing, of these Injunctions laid upon all Gomadahs in their Countries, and to requed they will grant them every reasonable Affidance they may require, for the speedy Regulation of their Concerns.

<c Agreed, That the foregoing Resolutions be laid " before the President and Council, and that we do " recommend to them to issue their Orders for effectually preventing in future, any Trade being carried on " beyond the Provinces by Gomadahs afiuming the u English Name. A true Extract

(Signed)

Charles Ffloyer.

" Secretary of the Select Committee.

" The same having been read, and we concurring in " Opinion therewith, it is agreed and refoived, that " after the Expiration of Two Months, from the 27th " April, no Gomadahs employed by the English shall " be permitted to remain in any Part of India, out of " the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa; and after u that Period, that no Company’s Servant, free Merchant, or other European redding under the Gom-€t pany’s Protection, shall be differed to carry on any " Inland Trade, directly or indirectly, beyond those " Limits, under Penalty; if a Company’s Servant, of " being immediately dismissed the Service; if a free " Merchant, or other European, of forfeiting the Company’s Protection. And it is further agreed and " resolved. That if any European whatever shall attempt " to transport any Merchandize beyond the Provinces, " all such Merchandize shall be seized and confiscated, " and the Gomadahs having Charge of such contraband Trade shall be punished with the utmost? " Severity.

" All Armenians, Portuguese, or the Descendants of " Armenians and Portuguese, are included in the above " Restrictions, it being intended that none but the " Natives of the Country (Mujfelmen and Hindoos) shall " in future enjoy this Privilege.

Ordered, That public Notice be given of this " Resolution, and agreed, that we acquaint the Gentlemen at the Subordinates of the fame, and fend them " a Copy of the Publication made here, that it may be " issued at their respective Residencies also."

Mr. Rumbold was then a(ked, Do you remember any public Orders for prohibiting Armenians, their Descendants, and others, from trading in Shujah Dowla or Bulwantfing s Dominions, before the Edict of the iSth May 1768, which has now been read ?

A. I do not recoiled any, but diould there have been any Order at that Time which may have (lipt my Memory, I hope the Committee will not suppose that I had any Intention of secreting it.

Q. Was it not your Practice at Patna, to enter in a Book all your Letters of Correspondence with the Country Powers ?

/I. I believe they modly were, but I have no Copies.

Q. Are those Books transmit ted from the Subordinate Factories to the Presidency ?

A. I do not believe the Books of Country Correspondence have been so transmitted.

Q. Were those general Orders for withe Gomadahs and Purwannahs issued by you, e

A. I believe they are.

Mr. Cojamaul was then asked, When yo Goods for Mr. Hare, did you pay the D Zemindar ?

A. I know of but one Duty, and that Fouzdar or his Officers: I never purchaset without paying a Duty.

Q. Why did vou not produce the P excuse Mr. Hare from paying the Duty?

A, Because I did not chuse to act as but as a Merchant; I told Mr. Hare, 1 t it.

Q. Why did you take the Purwannah? A. I was advised by my Friends, but

it

Q. Do you know nothing of any Duti< from which the producing that Purw, exempt you ?

A. The Force of this Purwannah, as is to hinder the Duty in the English Dominions; but I never made use of it trifling.

Q. Did you charge Mr. Hare with the A. Yes.

Q. Why did you, when you had a P would have exempted them ?

A. Because I told Mr. Hare at first not be employed as a Gomaftah for the a Merchant.

Q. What is the Force of the Duftucl A. To pass the Goods by the Chokie Q. Is there not a Duty paid in the Goods are manufactured ?

A. Yes — where they are bought or 1 Q. Have you your Account with M A. No, it remains in India.

Q. Is it any Disgrace to be an Engli/l A. A Merchant is always respected more Credit than a Gomafrah.

Q. Is a Merchant more respected Gomaftah ?

A. It is a Character of more Respef Q. Did you ever apply to Mr. Vere( A. I never applied myself, but my ] Q. What was their Application ?

A. It was for Red refs. I have he; from my Friends that they could get. Q. Who were those Friends ?

A. Mel comb Phillip; he said h< Answer.

Q. Did you ever fend any Goods t< A. I have lent Things of little Con

Luna, 11 die Mail, 1 Colonel Burgoyne in the Ch; Mr. Johnstone, M

Mr. Fane, M

Mr. Pulteney, L<

Mr. ^trachey, M

Sir G. Elliot, L

The Committee proceeded to r< Extract from a Letter of the Governc mittee in Bengal, to the Directors of t pany, dated the 31st January 17 fVm. B. Sumner, John Carnac, H. Sykes, viz.

" To us it evidently appears ther " Alternative, to advance as vye ha " at the whole Power, or to shrink 1 <c tive Condition of Ample Merchai " Possessions, di/band our Forces,

" Hopes on the Clemency of Prince " forget or forgive the Superior!t

i2 Geo. III.

2(5° A

919

maintained. — Irt a Word, this last Measure was in itself impracticable; for we must observe, although with much Regret, that the Misconduct of Individuals hath rendered the English Name so odious, that we arc no longer secure, than while our Hands are armed for the Defence of our Lives and Property."

Read — "Part of the Proceedings of the Select Com- ‘ mittee in Bengal, held at Barafutthe 31 December 1766, *

at which were present Lord Henry V Esquire, '

Brigadier General Carnac, and Francis Esquire, as

follows:

" Mahomed Reza Khazvn representing to us the great

« Expence which he necessarily incurs in supporting the " Dignity and Influence of his Station, an Expence " which he has hitherto defrayed by receiving those " Perquisites and Emoluments usually annexed to his " Office, and desiring that we will now assign to him " a Rated Salary and Provision, which he thinks will " prove more honourable to himself and advantageous " to the Revenue:

" And the Committee taking into lerious Consideration the great Importance of Mahomed Reza Khazvn's " particular Station, which is that of Naib Dewan and " Prime Minister, the extraordinary Zeal and Ability " he has shewn in the Discharge of his Office, the " Expediency of maintaining him in the full Influence " due to his Rank, and the Benefit to the Revenue that " will accrue from cutting off all secret Advantages " and Perquisites, which so evidently open a Door to " manifold Acts of Fraud and Oppression:

" Resolved, That in lieu of all Perquisites and " Emoluments hitherto received by Mahomed Reza " Khazvn, and the other Ministers, agreeably to the " Custom of the Country, there shall in future be " assigned for their Maintenance and Support, an annual' " Salary of Twelve Lacks of Rupees, the same to be " deducted from the Monthly Collections, and divided between Mahomed Reza Roy and

" S/sitrabroy, in such Manner and in such Proportions,

" as shall be settled by the Right honourable the President and them; Payment to commence on the last " Day of January next."

Head — Part of the Proceedings of the Governor and Council at Fort William in Bengal, dated the 10th December 1767; at which were present Harry Esquire, President, John Cartier, Richard. Becher, Claud R ufj'ell, William Aldersey, Charles Ffioyer, and Alexander Campbell, Esquires: Also Part of the Proceedings of a Select Committee, held the nth December 1767, at which were present Mr. Vereljl, Mr. Cartier, Mr. and Mr. Campbell, viz.

Ext raft of a Letter from Colonel Richard Smith to the Select Committee, dated at the

24th November 1767.

" The Nature of the Intelligence transmitted from " Calcutta, by Shujah Do Vaqucel, is without " Limits. The Nabob is almost as fully acquainted " with the Parliamentary Proceedings concerning the " Company’s Affairs as I am. How far the Importance " and Dignity of the Company, and the Weight and " Influence of the Administration is lessened in his " Esteem by this Communication, may be easily conceived. Whilst a Vaqueel is so ready and so lure a " Channel to communicate Intelligence, few Men will " be found so hardy as to maintain a direct Correspondence with the Nabob; but there is a Man who " has obliquely offered so great an Insult to our President, that, was I present at the Board, I would move '* for the Exertion of our Authority to the utmost Extent, to free the Settlement from so dangerous an " Inhabitant; I mean Mr. Bolts, and the enclosed Copy of ,f a Letter (the Original in my Possession) to Mr.

" residing in Sujah Doze la’s Court, wherein he asserts an ' Vol. 33..:

" absolute Falsehood, which tends to lessen that ellential " Dignity and necessary Influence of our President, is " surely deserving of your fevered Resentment. Nor is " this the only Letter he wrote; for the Nabob acquainted a Person of undoubted Honour, that Mr. " Bolts had wrote the same to Meer MeJJ'alak (formerly " Physician and Confidant of Coffim Ally) from whom " the Nabob heard it. Hereafter I may lay before you " other Proofs of the Extent of the Intelligence communicated through the Vaqueel."

Letter to Mr. Gentil.

" Dear Sir,

" It is a long Time since I heard from you, which " has made me a little uneasy. I have long intended " to come from hence to have the Pleasure of seeing you*

" as also to pay my Respects to the Nabob, but my " Affairs have not as yet permitted me; nevertheless, it ,c is what I hope to be able to do in a short Time.

" In regard to the Saltpetre, I hope the Disputes on " that Subject are ended, but it is not possible forme to " abandon my Right for the Advantage of other Gentlemen, who have no other Pretensions than what " are founded on Injustice, and who would take the " Advantage of my Absence for to deprive me of the " Advantage of my Contrafts, which haveexisted a long " Time, and which were drawn out with all Propriety " and Justice, conformable to the Customs of Merchants. If that -had been for the Nabob, it would " have been another thing. But before I give up the " Point to Gentlemen who are not in anyway my " Superiors, I allure you, I will follow the Affair to the *c last Court of Justice, where I can have llecourse. " Next Year I will give over all further Commerce, " but in the mean time, I hope you will help me with " your Assistance. My Gomaftah Goaidafs writes me " you had informed him, that Colonel Barker had wrote " Letters to stop all my Business, and to drive away my " People; I shall be obliged to you for your Information " on that Subje ft, for that Gentleman is not authorized " to act in such a Manner.

" I have taken the Liberty to fend you a Letter for " Cogee Rafael; I beg you will deliver it to him and " fend me his Answer. I am surprised the Nabob has " not as yet paid (as they write me) the Amount of the " Broad Cloth which my People fold him; if that is " true, be so good as to represent the same to him. " Melcomb writes me, that he also has sent some Cloth " from Dacca to the Nabob’s Camp: I do not doubt " of your favourable Assistance for the Sale. I shall be " very glad when you give me an Opportunity of " rendering you any Service here, in Return for the " Trouble I have given you. I shall never be convinced of your Friend ship, unless you give me some " Opportunity or other of testifying mine; but you, " who are Naib Subah, and immerged in Business, are " perhaps above these Trifles. Let it be as it will; I " allure you, my dear Sir, that nobody wi(hes you " better than I dp.

" I have wrote a Letter to the Nabob, to whom I " beg you will give my humble Respects. There is " arrived an Eng/ish Europe Ship, and another French one.

" The Affairs of our Company are in great Agitation, and " are laid before the King and Parliament of England, " and according to the Letters I have received, there is " a great Likelihood that my Associate Mr. Johnstone " will come out Governor from the King. I shall be " be glad from Time to Time to hear from you, who " am, with a most perfect Esteem,

" Dear Sir,

" Calcutta, u Your most humble Servant,

" the 19 June 1767. William Bolts.

" P. S. I need not recommend Mahomed Ashrujf " Cawn to your Notice."

Copy

920 . i6° Maii.

East India Copy of the President, Mr. Verelft's Minutes, on Adairs. Consultation, the io December 1767.

" The President acquaints the Board, that he some " Time since received Information of the improper " Correspondence carried on by Mr. Bolts, with Shujah al " Dowla, Mr. Gentil, and many other Persons; that he " desired a Gentleman residing up the Country to en-deavour to procure a particular Letter written by Mr. " Bolts, which he effected, and delivered the Letter to <c Colonel Smith, who inclosed the same to the Committee$ that he can assert, from undoubted Authority, that " Mr. Bolts continues his Correspondence with Persons " residing at the Courts of the Country Princes, and " with his Armenian Agents, endeavouring, by false Re- ports and Representations, to lessen the Respect due to " the present Administration, and to destroy the Harmony and Confidence subsisting between us and the " Powers of Hindostan.

" The President is further informed, that Mr. Bolts " has an Armenian Agent at Fyfabad, named Cogee Rafael, another at Banares, Cogee Me I comb, and a third c< residing near Ghazipore, by Name Cogee Gregory. " Through these People he ungratefully endeavours to " injure the Intereflof those, in whose Service he raised " an Independency: And these Armenians, under the " Characters of English Gomaftahs, are striving to establish themselves in Shujah Dowla's Dominions, upon " the Footing the y formerly were at Murjhebabad, notwithstanding the Nabob, on account of some Mal-c< practices, has lately forbidden them his Presence. The " President has, however, desired his Excellency to banifli all fych as are in his Country, under the Pretext ,f of being Gomaftahs to the English.

" Mr. Bolts, whilst he was in the Company’s Service, <c procured a Number of Duftucks, pretending he wanted 4£ them to pass his Goods; but he laid them by, un- used, until his Resignation of the Service; since when " he has availed himself of them to carry on his Trade " Duty free. — The President, upon being informed of " it, wrote to the Ministers, desiring them to issue Orders to the Chokies for flopping all Duftucks of a " very old Date; a Measure which he hopes will put a " Stop to so dishonest and unlawful a Proceeding.

(Signed)

" Harry Verelft."

The Committee then read a Paragraph of a Letter from the Select Committee at Calcutta, of the 22 Decemr 1767, to Colonel Richard Smith, in answer to his Letter of the 24 Novemr; as follows:

" We much approve of the Information you have " lent us regarding Mr. Bolts's Conduct in the carrying *6 on a Correspondence with Mr. Gentil, at the Court " of Shujah Dowla, and have laid the same before the " Council, whose Sentiments, as well as ours, we with " Pleasure observe, entirely concur with those you have " expressied on that Subject. Wre request you will use " your Endeavours with the Nabob to remove Mr. " Bolts's Gomaftahs from his Dominions."

The Committee then read the Translations of several Persian Letters, written or received by Mr. Verelft, to or from the Rajahs or Nabobs of the Country, as Rated on the Records of the Company, together with several other Letters; as follow:

Read — a Letter written by Mr. Verelft on the 19 February 1768, to Rajah Bulwantfing, marked B, N° 12.

" I cannot help being astonished to find, from Colonel Smith's Letters, that Duftucks and Purwannahs " under the English Name are current in your Diftrials, and that Gomaftahs commit frequent Extortions and Oppressions under that Sanction. After the " plain Directions which I gave your Vakeel at Murjfiedabad, I am very much surprized that you should " have neglected to inform me of these Practices. I

,c now therefore positively write to 1 <c neither grant myself, nor suffer oth< <c Duftucks with the English Seal, f " ance of any Goods, to any Part of tl " al Dowla's Territories, only for luc " may be occasionally going to the An " further direct you to transmit me a ( " tucks for Necessaries, the Instanl " your Hands, that no Room for Ev; £< may remain. As I have frequent I ‘c the Nabob, Shujah al Dowla, tha " afiume the Name of English Gomaf " desire that you would iilue positive of out your Districts for all such Of <c draw themselves without Delay, an< " diately cause Choajee Mel comb, and " and a Bengally named Ram Setker, w under Confinement to Meha Raji " none of these People have any <c dence within the Territories of th <c al Dowla."

On a Rukah.

" I am informed that Mons. Canon " is now resident, and carrying on a " Commodities, at Mirzapore. I an " you should permit French Merc c< without Duties, and French Goi " without Authority.' I therefore wr <c down the aforesaid Frenchman, wi " Patna, and levy the established D " give proper Attention, likewise, t< " your People from embezzling the E " which he may leave behind him."

Read — also a Letter written by 27 FebJ 1768, to the Nabob, SI marked B. N* 14.

" I am much fuprized to lean " Smith, that divers People, takii " English Gomaftahs, have been guilty <c and Extortions in your Excellenc iC this I was before entirely unacquai " have endeavoured to have remed " any one Authority from me, nor " give any, either for Trade or Re " Excellency’s Country. I must t " my particular Request, that, fhoi <c the English Name as a Screen fc " tices, you will immediately cauft " prehended, and sent hither, that hi " meet with due Punishment, You " more than by deteCling these Im <c this so positively and strongly, that <£ ever attentive I am to cut off all 0< " ness to you."

On a Rukah.

" I learn that two Armenians, na " and Cojah EJleven, are resident at 1 i€ rying on a Trade there. As thi " bad Cast, and their Principles on! " Imposition, I request that you w " Countenance, but cause these Me " apprehended and sent hither, or iffi " Captain Harper for that Purpose. " Separation between us, I doubt n< K me in this Matter."

Read — also the Translation of an original Letter in the Bengal Langua Ramjunker to Mr. Bolts, as produced the 17 March 17685 which was Bolts; viz.

Extract of a Letter from Ram Chowjah, the 17th March 1 Bolts.

t€ What shall I write you of the

i a Geo. III. 26*

44 *ams 9 I have received a Lettel from the Person " I left at Banaras, dated the Second Ckoytro; he

" has wrote to me, that a Purwannah has come from " the Governor of Calcuttaupon the Rajah; ordering him to confine under a Guard, whatsoever " People of Mr. Bolts's are in those Parts, and fend " them to Calcutta. On this Account, on the First " Ckoytro, a Peon of the Rajah’s came to demand " Cogee Melcomb and me; upon his not finding me

« there, he took Cogee Melcomb and confined him.

" They were seizing my People who are there, and going to carry them away j but Mr. , and " Mr. Alexander's Gomaftah, named Soobharam,

44 who was there, laid, these People can give no " Account of Affairs, they are only here to watch 4t the Warehouse; upon hearing of which, they then 4< desisted. After hearing what passed afterwards, I shall write you the News. If I go to Banaras, they will certainly confine me under a Guard; and if I " am stigmatized, all outstanding Debts, wherever " they lie, will vanish. I therefore desire you will procure and fend a Purwannah from the Governor " there, upon the Rajah, that I may remain at naras fur One Month, settle all outstanding Affairs,

44 and come away. If this is not done, there will " be great Difficulties. I am your Servant what was " requisite I have set forth. You are Master; what-" ever is proper, do it quickly. If they carry me " away under the Confinement of a Guard, it is " Matter of no Shame to me; for I have not " beat anybody, neither have I robbed anybod,

" that I should fear to to go to Banaras: But if I " go, and, with or without Justice am put into Confinement, and sent to , your Business will

44 suffer much, and there will be Losses. UnderHanding this, you will please soon to furnish the " Necessaiy."

Read — also a Persian Letter from Captain Gabriel Harper % the Translation of which was proved by Couyjhamdafs; as follows:

Translation from the Persian, of an original Order, under the Hand and Seal of Captain Gabriel Harper, at upon the lending

Cegee Johannes Padre Rafael Prisoner, under a Guard of Sepoys; to Colonel Sir Robert Barker, at lllahabad.

Ciretted " to Rafael," sealed, 44 Captain Gabriel Harper."

44 Trusty, among Friends, greeting. — I have re- ceived and am acquainted with the Purport of your Letter about your going — fend your Necessaries to such Place as you think best; and if you yourself " are ready for going, it is necessary that Tomorrow " Morning, Two Hours before Daylight, you mount »* and come to me, under Charge of Colonel Barker's " Sepoys, that I may fend you to lllahabad. — Those,

" appointed Sepoys only for this, are flaying with Impatience in this Place, that they may deliver you to the Colonel, with themselves. — YVbat more " shall 1 write.

(Signed)

" Gabriel Harper."

Read — also a Letter from the Rajah Bulwantfing, to Mr. Vereljl, received the 22d March 1768, in Answer to his of the 19th, marked C. N° 98.

" After acknowledging the Receipt of Mr. Verelft’s Letter, (B. N" 12.) your Servant is always devoted to your high Will and Pleasure. Cojah " who was in Banaras, is apprehended, agreeable to " your Commands. People are already sent to seize upon MonP Canonje, in Cojab Melcomb

" declares that Cojah Gregore has been some time gone to Patna. I have lent proper People in< quest of Senker Charm, who I hear is in the Distri&s Vol. 33.

Mali. 921

44 of Ghazepore, and I will immediately dif^erse the India " Purwannahs you have commanded throughout all my Alairs. 44 Dependencies. Hereafter the Particulars shall be " duly represented."

Upon a Rukah.

" It was flgnified that MonP Canonje is resident at " Mirzapore, for the Sale of French Merchandize, and " carries on a Trade there, and that your Servant permits Goods to pass without Duties, and French " Gomaftahs to reside without Authority. The Truth is this, your Servant detained Four French Boats for the-Space of Two Months, but a Duftuck arriving " at that Time from the Vizier Shujah al forbidding any Interruption to be offered them, I " suffered them to proceed. Now your Servant will " execute your Orders."

Read — ralfo a Letter written by Mr. Vereljl on the 27 March 1768, to the Nabob Shujah al Dowlah, marked C. N° 28.

44 It is with the greatest Surprise I learn from certain " Intelligence, that Mr. Bolts has procured from bad. Copies of a Number of Letters I wrote your " Excellency. This Matter is of the most serious Moment, and plainly proves there arc some Traitors about your Person who discover the Secrets they are " intruded with. As you may certainly depend upon " this, I particularly desire you will make strict Enquiry into the Affair, and punish the Offenders in the most " exemplary Manner — seeing if a Person of so little " Consequence as Mr. Bolts can thus penetrate into the " Secrets of your Correspondence, how much more easy " can it be for Men of superior Influence 2nd Importance to do the same ? I again recommend this Matter " to your serious Attention, and, as a Guide to your Enquiry, have some Reason to believe that Meer 44Mushallah and the Armenians have been the chief Instrument in effecting this."

Read — also a Letter written by Mr. Vereljl on the 27 March 1768, to the Rajah Bulwantfing, marked C.

N°3i.

" I am lately informed that you have Hopped several Boats, even with Military Stores, though they had English Duftucks, and have demanded Duties from

44 the Merchants felling Diamonds, to Mr. Ckamier,

5* though he has the Nabob’s Purwannah to exempt " him therefrom. A Respect to the English Seal is due " from you on all Occasions, and whenever therefore " any Duftucks shall come, you will pass the Boats " without Delay, and fend a Copy of the Duftuck to 44 me, and I will take Care no Abuse is made. The 4‘ Nabob has a Right to your Obedience in every " Thing, and it is therefore a high Offence to act in Contradiction to his Commands. You will therefore 4‘ abstain from such Behaviourj and pay a due Regard " to all his Orders in future."

Read — a Letter produced by Mr. Bolts, as written by him to Mr. Vereljl dated the 30 March x 768 i viz.

" The extraordinary Intelligence which I have lately " received from Gud, lllahabad, and Banaras, puts me " to the NeceflGty of troubling you with this Letter,

" addressed to you in your public Character.

" I am informed from the best Authority and most " substantial Proofs, that Shtt/ak al Dowlah 2nd Bulwantfing.hzve seized and confined a Number of Peo-." pie under the Denomination of Mr. Bolts's Agents " and Gomaftahs, not for any Cause of Complaint they " have against them, but foldy, as they declare they do it by virtue of Orders received from Calcutta.

44 The Consequence thereof is, that many People,

44 who have all of them no other Fault than that of 4t having formerly served me, have been confined and ill treated, some who are Merchants and Inhabitants

11 B 44 of

rllV

922

26° Mali.

A. 1772.

East India Qf that County, on their own Account \ many that Affairs. c* afe nQW in the Service Qf other Merchants and Eng- lish Gentlemen, and some few who are actually my Gomaftahs, and have Charge of the Recovery (and that only) of my outstanding Debts, amounting to about One hundred and Fifty thousand Rupees. The Concerns of other Gentlemen, and those of the Mcr- chants themselves, who are thus innocently oppressed in consequence of these Orders, must amount to a " much more considerable Sum.

44 As those who execute them disavow these unheard-of 44 Acts, which would even disgrace a Moorish Government, I am as yet willing to imagine It must have been occasioned, by their Misconstruction of the Orders given from hence.

44 If any Act of Government had made it necessary to seize and bring down all English Gomaftahs indifcri- minately> from the Dominions of Shujah al Dowlahy 44 I should have no Reason to wonder at, or remort- strate to, the Proceedings against those who are really my Gomaftahs; while there would yet be Reason for Surprile at the seizing those who are not so, and independant Merchants.

" But while your own Gomaftahs for Diamonds, and others for Salt-petre, Opium, &c. who call themselves ‘£ Gomaftahs of Colonels Smith and Barker, with those of Messrs. Rum bold, Rujjell, Alexander, Floyer, Mad- difon, Chamier, and many others, both Civil and Military Gentlemen, are not only permitted, but protected, even with Force, in carrying on their Trade in those Parts; the thus Tingling out mine, with extraordinary Acts of Severity, would seem to imply, 44 that they have been guilty of some extraordinary Faults to deserve it.

" If therefore my Gomaftahs have been guilty of any Misbehaviour to deserve such l'evere Orders being issued from hence, I request you will please to acquaint me therewith, and who are the Transgressors, 44 that I may immediately dismiss them, and appoint others in their Room, to superintend the Collection of my Balances outstanding.

44 But if it be only a Misunderstanding (on the Part 4 4 of Shujah al Dowlah and Bulwantjing) of the Orders " which have been sent from hence, I request a Letter to both those Princes, that those who are my Go- maftahs may have the same Protection as yours, and 44 those of the before-mentioned Gentlemen, or of other Subjects, and my Property be equally as secure: 44 And, in the mean time, so well am I persuaded of their good Behaviour, that I will be answerable (and even, if required, enter into a Bond) for the good "' Conduct of all such as are mine, not only for any their Acts of Transgression. of the Laws of Great Britain, but of those of the Country Government .44 also,; which, as it appears to me all that can be required, I hope will be satisfactory.

44 In the mean time, whatever may have been the Orders from hence, as I am very apprehensive they v4 may have been occasioned by the Misrepresentations 44 w^ich may have been made to you by the Gentlemen Competitors for the Salt Petre Trade, particularly / by t\lr. Robert Maddifon, and his Agent, Mr. John ‘4. Chamier, the former of whom, during his Visit to " Shujah al Dowlah'% Court, has been trying every Method (in consequence of the Influence gained " QveXjShujah al Dowlah, by his Poll in the Munfyk- \fianess) to engross as* much ‘as possible of the Salt Petr^ made in that Prince’s Dominions, it may not 4‘ be.amils to give you Information of the real State of 14 my Concerns.

44 Having, during my Stay at Banaras, perceived,

44 from the Aptitude of that Country to produce Salt 4‘.Petre, that great Improvements might be there made 44 m tfyat Branch ;* I applied myself with some Atten- tion so Cultivation of it, and with such Success as ibpn made it the Object of Men more powerful

cc

u

(C

u

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

<c

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

than myself. After my quitting Baturas, Disputes soon arole among the Competitors, whereby I becaiv.e a very great Loser, notwithstanding I was the only Person who satisfied the Country Government tar their Duties. Aggrieved by those Proceedings, I addrdfed myself to Colonel Smith, in a Letter to long ago as the 13th May 1767, to which however 1 never received any Answer, owing, as I have Reason to believe, from what I have since discovered, to his being a Party concerned, who could not give me Redress without injuring his own Concerns.

44 This Salt Petre Concern was one of those of which I formerly gave an Account to the Select Committee.

In the mean time foreseeing, from the Behaviour of the different Gomaftahs, that the Interest of the Country, and of the Company, would be greatly injured by their Quarrels, and apprehensive that they would in the End occasion Complaints from Shujah al Dowlah and Bulwantjing, of the same pernicious Nature as those formerly made by Coffim Ally Khawn, and thereby make it necessary for out Government at Calcutta to withdraw all Gomaftahs from those Quarters: I say, apprehenfivo of those Evils, and forced by other Oppressions, of which 1 shall hereafter in due Time take Notice, I thought ! best to withdraw my said Salt Petre Concerns.

44 And accordingly I have totally desisted from ft Prosecution of that Branch for many Months paf my said Gomaftahs having only Charge of the P covery of the outstanding Debts arilen on last Yea Transactions.

44 All the rest of my other Concerns likewise cor in outstanding Debts arisen on the Sales of the Cc pany’s Outcry Goods, exported from Calcutta be I resigned the Service, so that my Gomaftahs tl have not at present Charge of any Purchases or \ whatever.

44 Moreover, I have the most authentic Proofs \ Hands, that during the abovesaid Transaction; King, the Nabob Sujah al Dowlah, and the Bulwantjing, were perfedUy satisfied with my ca on the said Trade, being also satisfied for their L which makes it needlels for me to speak to the I had in common with others, either in the Lig Country Merchant, a Company’s Servant, c Subject residing under the British Governmer So that it is hard even to guess what just: can be alledged for the present Imprisonment pie, under the Denomination only of my Gc by virtue of Orders from hence, unless, as; it be in consequence of the Misrepresent those Gentlemen who are struggling for S and who (though without Foundation) a that I may continue the Trade this Se; thereby hurt their Concerns.

44 Yet even in that Cafe, as many others w so immediately concerned, and as it is the in Obligation of your Station, to watch for tl of the Property of all Subjects under the of the British Flag in this Country, I imagine that Orders would have been hence upon the private Information of: without first giving Notice, taking JVIeafi: the Property of the concerned, and fixi Time for transferring the Business to ot Since it is always better to prevent. Evils, I have chosen first to apply to y ther than to address the whole Board which, if ferutinized, might involve Business of many other Persons, efp< having the entire Direction of the respondence. Matters of this Nature most easily redressed by you.

44 I therefore request the Letters be to Sujah a I Dowlah and Dulzvantfi* Gomaftahs (and Property if detained’

by bQOQL£

12 Geo. III. %6° Ma923

" reeled, if you think it necessary, to come down, after " Four Months; in which Time, I am lure, they will " be able to collect in all outstanding Balances. At the same Time it would he equally as agreeable to me that they should come down immediately, if you can think of any Method of obtaining for me either " the immediate Payment or Security for the Amount " of my Balances, which are all good, and afford not " the least Apprehension of their not being duly reco-* vored.

" At the same Time it appears practicable to put a Stop to the present Wranglings about Salt Petre,

" in a Manner that may be very beneficial to the Com-« pany, and at the same Time perfectly satisfy the " Country Government and their Ryotts, upon a Plan which I would humbly recommend for the Company’s " interest, as follows:

" To contract with Merchants for all the Salt Petre " that can be made in those DistriCtson the Company’s Account, the said Contractors satisfying the Princes " of the Country for their Duties, and alto reserving for " them such a Quantity as they might require for the " Ule of their own Housholds, and the Consumption " of their own Countries.

" I will engage to find ver}r responsible Merchants who will undertake to execute such a Plan, and en-! gage to deliver, on the Company’s Account at , " for the first Year 25,000 Maunds of refined Petre, " which fiin.ll be near Three Times finer than that they " have generally received from Patna, at a Price to be " hereafter stipulated; upon which the Company might " be lure of gaining at least Fifteen thoul'and Pounds <c Sterling per Annum clear, if they were even to fell it " again in Bengal.

" Other Advantages, which would likewise accrue " from such a Plan, are obvious; the Foreign Companies might be supplied with their Allowances from " this Petre, and our Company be thereby freed from " those large Drawbacks on that Branch of their " Trade. And it would also prevent the French or " Dutc/i from manufacturing it themselves in those " Parts, which they will certainly attempt whenever " the English Gomaftahs are totally recalled. At the same Time it must be remembered, that though the " Gomaftahs of private Gentlemen be all recalled; " yet while, our Armies continue in those Parts, there is a great Risque, that, however strict the Orders " of the Board be, some or other Gentlemen of In-«c lluence with the Army, will find Means to evadethem, and to engross the whole of this Article in confe-« quence of their Influence over, and the Ignorance " and Fears of, the Country Princes. So that it does " not appear possible so advantageously to obviate the Evils apprehended by any other than this Plan, which I have submitted to your Consideration.

" I am. Sir,

" Yqur most obedient Servant, (Sighed)

" Bolts."

Read — also an original Letter, dated the 31st March 1 768, from Mr. Vereljl to Mr. Bolts, in Answer to the foregoing; viz.

" To Mr. William Bolts.

" SIR,

" I have received your Letter of the 30th Instant, and " am to acquaint you that I know of no Orders for " impeding the Businessofyour Gomaftahs in particular, " in the Dominions of ShujahalDowla and " Repeated Complaints have been received from those

Two Princes of the oppressive Conduct of Gomafe " talis taking the English Name, and carrying on Trade " in their Countr es. The honourable Company have " been pleased to express their Orders for the positive Prohibition to their Servants of all Trade whatever " in those Provinces, and the Presidency of Fo'-t

Voi,. 33.

" liam have resolved to put a Stop to it in future, by East India

" a Recall of all such Gomaftahs. How far or by what AfiiirsRight, your Gomaftahs can be allowed to continue " there after the Time already allotted you for the Adjustment of your Concerns, must be determined by IC the Government here.

" I am. Sir,

" Your most obedient Servant,

(Signed)

" March 31st, 1768. H. Vereljl."

Read — also Copy of a Letter from Mr. Bolts to Mr.

Vereljl, dated the 2d April 1768; as follows:

" To Harry Vereljl, Esquire,

" President and Governor of Fort William.

" S I R,

" I received Yesterday your Favour of the 31st, in " Answer to mine of the 30th past, acquainting me of " your Ignorance of any Orders having been given " respecting my Gomaftahs in particular.

" You must therefore, I fear, have been grossly " abused by those who penned the Persian Letters from " hence; for, by authentic Copies of them, which I " have this Moment received from my Gomaftahs " are particularly mentioned by Name.

" I cannot perceive upon what Principle the Govern " ment here can undertake to determine what Time " shall be allowed me for the Adjustment of my Concerns in those Parts; however, as I have already said " as much, I shall, without difeufling that Point, willingly f'ubmit, as others do, to every general Order;

" and, as it is your Opinion that the Time to be allotted must be determined by the Government here,

" I request you will inform me of their Determination,

" after acquainting them with the Circutnfiances I have " laid before you, that I may know what to do.

" In the mean time I apply to you in the Character " ofan injured complaining Subject, and request Letters " to the Nabob Shujah al Doivlah, and to the Rajah " Bulwantjing, inclosing to them an Arzdafht of my " Complaints, of which the following is the Purport:

" That Mr. William Bolls having had certain mercantile Transactions in your Dominions, as he represents " with your Permission, by virtue of Purwannahs given " by you and kin consequence of Duties paid, which " Business he avers has been transacted by his Gomaftahs in the most peaceful Manner, and according " to the Custom of those Countries; on which Transactions, large outstanding Balances have arisen, to " the Amount of One hundred and Fifty thousand " Rupees. That notwithstanding this, the Gomaftahs " of him, the said William Bolts, l.ave been lately seized " and imprisoned, in a sudden Manner, without any " Causa or Complaint being alledged, that he William " Bolts can discover; while, at the same Time, the

" Agents and Gomaftahs of Governor , Colonel

" Smith, Mr. RuJJ'ell, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Rum bold, and " many other British Su.bjects, are unmoleftedly permitted " to transact their Gonflituents Affairs. ThatMr. William.

" Bolts, living under British Protection, is intit led to " every Privilege others are intitled to: That, therefore,

" it is required, that those his Gomaftahs be released,

" and allowed the same Protection, and for the same " Space of Time, as may be allowed to the Gomaftahs " of the aforesaid Gentlemen, and that Satisfaction be " made to him and them, in case it be proved that they " have been unjustly imprisoned, not only, in Violation " of the Treaties subsisting between you and the English, but also against the Laws of Hindtrftan, and of " Nations in general.

" At the same Time, Sir, should it be insisted that " they have merited this Treatment, I request they " may be fumtnoned, after a moderate Time to be allowed me, before the Board of Calcutta, to have the " same inquired into. But should they be inquired " into upon the Spot, I request you will order the

" Enquiry

924

26° Mail

East India *< Enquiry to be podponed until either 1 myself can Affairs, u arrjve there, and be present, or appoint others.

44 I observe, Sir, what you inform me, that the honourable Company have been pleased to prohibit all Trade whatever in those Provinces, and that the Pre-M fidency of Calcutta have resolved to put a Stop to it in future, by a Recall of all such Gomadahs. It is the fird Time I ever heard of it, nor had I the lead " Conception of it, knowing that even lately you was pleased to give a Letter to the Rajah Bulwantfing, in favour of Mr. Alexanders Business there; however, " such a Prohibition of Trade would not affect me; " for as I have before acquainted you, I have nothing depending the re but the Collection of outstanding u Debts*

I am, Sir,

44 Your most obedient Servant, (Signed)

44 Calcutta, the 2d April 1768. William Bolts.u

" am again to repeat to you, that the " and the Orders given, for recallin madahs in the Dominions of Shu " Bulzvantfing, were general, not pa; " as the Names of such Persons came " it became necessary to point them " I am also to acquaint you, that " written, desiring that the Gomadal " to collect in their Condituents out! " what Time may be deemed proper will be determined by thb Commii " have been done before now, had tion prevented my having a Meet) " tlemen.

" I arh, Sir,

" Your most obe Fort William, (S

0 April 9th 1768.

Read — also a Letter from the Nabob Shujah al Dowlah to Mr. Verelft, as received by him the 3d April 1768, tnarked C. N° 118, viz.

44 I received your friendly Letter by the Hands of " Captain Harper, and was rejoiced thereby: It is plain 4t that my Friendship with the English Serdars, and particularly with your Excellency, is firm; neither " does it need the common Phrasesof the World to set it off. You also have shewn yourself so profuse of Fa-" yours towards me, that I cannot find any Expressions equal to my Sense thereof. I can only wish that the Almighty may give our Connexion daily Strength, and " our Friendship hourly Warmth. Considering what you write on the Subject of the Armenians, as proceeding from your perfect Cordialiry, I am delighted therewith: What can be more suitableto our Intered than " that we should mutually exert ourselves in disarming all such as may be the Abettors or Authors of Evil? 44 In the Affair of the Salt Petre, which was the firfb, 44 every Inquietude was removed, and every Thorn extraced at once, by even a momentary Aversion of your Excellency’s Regard. And now that you have written concerning Rafael and EJlevan, that Matter is done. As they have some outdanding Debts in- curred in the Course of their Business here, they petitioned earnedly for Two or Three Days Respite to settle their Accounts. After that they will no more presume to refkle here. Rajah Bulwantfing has acquainted me with your Excellency’s Orders about the u Armenians in those Didridts, and I have instructed " him to pay implicit Obedience to what you shall signify on the Occasion, as whatever is agreeable to you, cannot fail of being satisfactory to me. — For " the red, consider me as one felicitous after your 44 \\ elfare, and favour me with frequent Accounts thereof."

Read — also the following Letter from Mr. Bolts to Mr. Verelft-, viz.

44 To Harry Verelft, Esquire,

" President and Governor of Fort William.

" S I R,

" As some Days have clap fed, and I have not been " favoured with an Answer to my lad Letter, which " it is of the greated Consequence for me to have as " loon as possible, to enable me to take the necessary Measures for the Security of my Property, I requed 4< you will be pleased to acquaint me what you have " determined thereupon.

" I am, Sir,

" Your most obedient Servant, (Signed)

M Calcutta, April 1768. William BoltsF

Read — the following original I>etterfrom Mr. Verelft.

" To Mr. William Bolts.

" SIR,

c< I have your Letters of the 2d and 7 th Indant, and

Read — the following Letters to an<

viz:

" To Harry Verelft, F.fq <c President and Governor of F - S I R,

" The lad Letter you was pleased 1 <c day, neither affords the Answer <c myself I (liould receive to mine, r " Grievances I complained of T1 " wrote to you about, have been c< Confinement to Shitabroy, the Cc " for at Patna, who has kept then " ment.

" In consequence of your lad Lett* " them back to their Stations, but in " as that is not sufficient, I mud rec " Three Letters: One to Shitabroy to u to Rajah Bulwantfing, and One to t " al Dowlah, at lead to acquaint the " being ordered back, to continue upo " as other English Agents.

4‘ I am, Sir,

" Your most obedient (Signed)

" Calcutta, nth April 1768.

" To Mr. John Knott

" SIR,

" As the Multiplicity of Affairs u " Hands may make him forget the L " the 11th Indant, on the Subject c <c Agents, and to avoid continually 1 " that Subject, I requed you will, o " Moment, put him in Mind of it, th " the Perftan Letters in Time, to pre^ cr pedfed and disagreeable Consequenc <c I am not to expect those Perftan Le " nifying Mr. Verelft's Refusal will b< " an Answer procured, (if possible, T " the Affirmative or Negative, will " Favour by,

" Sir,

" Your most ob M humbl (Sif

<c Calcutta the 13th April 1768. k " To Mr. William Bolts

" SIR,

" This Moment your Letter of T " presented me, the Purport of which " cessary to be communicated to Mr. i " me to let you know that your fevera " him (on the Subject of your present " as well as his Answers thereto, having 41 the Select Committee, you will reci

i 2 Ge6. Ilii

ments thereon from the Secretary to that Depart*

" ment.

" I am, Sir,

" Your most obedient Servant,

.. Wednesday Noon, (Signed)

" 13th -April 1768. John Knott''

" To Charles Fl, Esquire, . Secretary to the Select Committee at Fort William. "SIR,

" Having lately wrote to Mr. Verelfi several Letter

" regarding his having ordered into Confinement fun- dry Persons and Merchants, who are my Agents and " Gomaftahs, who, in consequence of thdfe. Orders,

" have been seized in the Nabob Dowla/is

" Dominions in a sudden Manner, by Force, plundered,

imprisoned, and sent doWn under, Confinement to " Shitabroy, the Company’s Collector at , who

1‘ has there received them as Prisoners, and continued " them under Confinement, whereby I am likely to be " aLoferof One hundred and Fifty thousand Rupees,

" exclusive of the Loss accruing to those injured Persons in particular. In answer to those my Applica-

" tions, I am now referred to the Secretary of the Se- left Committee for their Determination thereupon.

Itherefore apply to you, and request you will please " to fend me, without Lois of Time, a Copy of such Proceedings as concern me, particularly mentioning " the Members present at this Transaction. As one " Hour’s Delay may be of the most ruinous Confe-.* quence to my Affairs, I hope you will excuse my " Earneftncls.

" I am, Sir,

" Your most obedient Servant,

(Signed)

' Calcutta, 13th April 1768. William Bolts."

"To Mr. William Bolts.

" S IR,

" The Opinion of the Select Committee oh the Sub-jest of your Letters to the Governor, shall be made known to you as expeditioully as may be in rhy Power

to transmit it to you.

"I am. Sir,

" Your most obedient Servant, (Signed)

13th April 1768. Charles Floyery

A Letter from Mr. Verefft to the Rajah Bid-want-sing, written on the 14 April 1768, marked C.

N° 32. viz.

" The Nabob Shujah al had so frequently

" and strongly complained of European Gomaftahs residing in his Territories, and particularly within your Jurisdiction, that I could not refuse my Consent and " Encouragement in getting them withdrawn. My last " Letter was therefore meant to cut off, if possible, all future Causes of Complaint against our Gomaftahs, and to quiet the Unealiness of our Ally the Nabob, <c by my Zeal for the Ease and Happiness of his «« Country. You had made particular Objections to the Conduct of Mons. before, but it acto-

nilhes me to hear the Rigour with which you have

treated him, in hurrying him away without a Mo- ment’s Relpite to settle his Concerns; Mons. Che-«« valier, the French Governor, has himself large Con-« cerns in Mons. Canorge's Hands, which are now at 4< Stake, and he has given me such an Account of «your seizing, imprisoning, and mal-treating him, " that I cannot conceive any Provocations Could justi1 fy, or any Consequences arise from it, but enormous " Losses of private Property without Benefit, to the * County. I mull therefore desire of you to pursue " t’nefe Matters with another Temper, and more Mode- ration j and as Mr. Chevalier has engaged himself " responsible for Mons. removing all future

Vox.. 33-

Mail. 92£

Dealings in that Country, and Motif. Cahongt has 8*^ " given Protestauons to the same Purpose himself, you " will grant him a Month’s Indulgence for the Adjustment of his former Cortcetris, seeing he is tocontract no new Engagements during that Tithe. I atri further informed, that you are collecting Duties‘’upon " all Goods which have been formerly transported into " your Districts; I really can fee no Reason for this?

" unless yoti mean to make use of public Pretences for " your private Emolument; and as I wish rather to " serve our Ally Shujah al Dowlah really and essentially,

" than gratify private Interest or private Passions, 1 " desire you will desist from this Practice in future,

" and facilitate, as much as in your Power, the Conelution of Concerns now existing, and no more exact " Duties on Goods either bought or sold in your Districts before this Time."

Your Committee then read Part of the Proceedings of a Select Committee held at Fort William in on the 15 April 1768, at which were present Harry

Verelft, Esquire; President; John , Bichard Be-

rber, and Charles Floyer', Esquires; *vte.

The President lays before the Cottimittee the late Correspondence between hirti arid Mr; William on the Subject of the latter’s Concehls in the Countries of Shujah Dbwlak and Bulvoantjing, arid requests that the Two following Paragraphs of Mr. Bolts's Letter to him, uridef Date the 2d Instant, may be recorded upon these Proceeding^, ds ih One of them he acknbwledges^ what the Presiderit has long tince had Ihtimation of, his carrying ori a Correspondence With the Princes and others of the Country. A Circumstance Which he, the President, deems highly detrimental to the Interest of our honourable Employers, and an absolute Defiance of their Orders;

Extract of a Letter from Mr. UrUliam Bolts to the President, dated the 2d April 1768.

" I received Yesterday your Favour of the 31st, in " Answer to inine of the 30th past, acqilainting the of your Ignoratice of any Orders having been given " respecting my Gomaftahs in particular.

"You mult therefore, I fear, have beferi grOssly " abused by those who penned the Letters from

" hence j for by authentic Copies of them, which I have " this Moment received from Oud, my Gomaftahs are " particularly mentioned by Name."

The President alfO acquaints the Board, that in his Reply to Mr. Bolts's last Letter to him, he referred him to the Resolutions of the Select Cohimittee, before whom he proposed to lay His Correspondence for their Corisideration; in consequence whereof the Secretary received Two Letters from Mr. Bolts, dated the; 13th and 14th Instant; which ate now produced and read; The Secretary begs Leave to observe, that the last Letter he received was in Reply to one he wrote to Mr. 2 assuring him that as soon as the Committee came to any Resolution concerning him* he should be made acquainted therewith.

Ordered, , . ' .

That the Two Letters from Mr. Boks be entered after the Proceedings, and that the following Letter be wrote to him from our Secretary.

"To Mi. William Bolt*.

"SIR,

" I am directed by the Select Oomtaittee to in4 " form youv that they; nor the President; know of no " Orders for the Confinement of any of your Gotnaftalis. That Representations from Shujah Dowhth and " Bulwantfing have made it riecessary for the Committee " to determine on the Recall of all Gomaftahs, taking " upon them the English Name in their Countries. That " they think you have no Right to call upon them on

xi C this

I.

26° Mail.

East India this Occasion, having long finec had the usual Time Affairs. auowcc| yOU for the Adjustment of all your Con-« cerns, having already been ordered to leave the Country, and adviled that no further Protection would be given you.

" The Committee are therefore determined nottoin-ic terfere, or.in any Shape charge themselves with any of your Concerns. I have laid before them your Let- ters to me under Dates (he 13th and 14th Instant.

44 I am Sir,

44 Your moll obedient Servant,

44 Fort William, (Signed)

15th April 1768. " Charles Flayer,

44 Secretary of the Select Committee."

Rcacl — also the following Letters to and from several Persons; viz.

A Letter from Shilabroy to Mr. Verelft, received by him the 16th April 1768, marked C. N° 134.

44 Your Servant, with all Faithfulness, is at no Time wanting in the Discharge of your high Commands* 44 but may, it please your Excellency, when the Nabob Mahomed Reza Cawn was in Calcutta, and the Af- fair of Carruchpore was taken Notice of in your Conferences, your Servant imagined you would have issued your gracious Orders on the Subject to him. 44 It is true, the Affair is settled, but your Servant has not been honoured with your illustrious Letter concerning it. For some Days there have been Two Officers llationed, one at Motior on the Deivdh, the other at Chozvfah, for the Examination of English Boats and the Duftucks of the Company; and the Colonel informed me, that your Excellency’s Orders had been signitied to your Servant for the stationing Deputies on the Part of the Government, in the same Places, 44 but your Servant made answer, that your Orders on that Head had not reached him. Thirdly, your Servant has received Advice from Rajah Bulwant 44 Jtng of your Directions for his seizing on the Persons of Coja Melcomb and Gregory, Armenians, and Mons. 44 Canon}e, a Frenchman, and conveying them down to your Servant; neither have you honoured your Ser- vant with any Intimation of this. As these Three high Commands, all relative to your Servant, have been issued without his receiving any direct Orders from your Excellency, so that he might be duly in* 44 formed and ready in the Execution thereof, he there- fore humbly desires your Excellency would apprize him of your venerable Commands, and not subject him to such disagreeable Alternatives in future. It 44 is highly necessary for your Excellency to incline your Attention hereto."

A Letter from Mr. Verelfi, to the Nabob Shu}a al Dowlah, written the 26th April 1768, C. N* 34. 44 I am sorry to inform your Excellency, that in consequence of my Letters to you concerning the *4 English Gomailahs, and your Orders* thereupon, I 44 find your Officers have exercised a Severity beyond what either of us intended. They have seized and sent away many, without allowing them the shortest Time to adjust their Affairs, and others, from this Kind of Treatment, find it impossible even to receive u the Debts lawfully due to them. As those LoffTes mufl fall heavy on many Individuals, I think it but just to request your Excellency to indulge them with Two Months Licence, to withdraw their Effects and settle their Affairs, and at the same Time give such Orders to the Officers of your Dominions, that they may lend them all Assistance 4* for the more speedy Dispatch of this Matter. In the mean time, should any of them misbehave or interfere in any thing regarding your Country, I 44 request you would order Mr. Rumbold to be made acquainted with it, as he is nearer than myself, and as he is a Gentleman in whose Justice I have the Q

44 most perfcdl Reliance, he will pun most exemplary Manner. For th full Inflrudions from me."

A Letter from Mr. Verelfi to the written the 26th April 1768,1 44 I before wrote, that the Gomaff Gentlemen should be allowed, as C4 Duty free, of what they had imp away Goods they might have all now acquaint you that it is det< 44 shall be allowed Two Months of this, for the settling their A] 44 you will afford them every Affi the Business may be speedily br In this Interval, should you ] 44 Complaint against any Gomafla sent it to Mr. Rumbold at Patni you immediate Redress."

A Letter from Mr. Francis Har< at Patna, to Mr. Bolts, datec which was proved by Mr. B ki I have received your Favour 1 44 inclosing a Letter for Rami ant mediately sent him, acquainting structions relating to Melcomb 44 I do not fee what Effect the) 44 cannot be released but by th< 44 fined them. They both left th ago, and mufl have arrived at long before this, so that their E 44 obtained by you; As for me, 44 deliver them up to Skitabroy, u 44 ture of the Service, though n 44 that Order in Execution (for Prisoners by Bulwantfing) I thirds 44 a further Application.

44 P. S. I answered your Two and 26th ult. the 4th Instant."

A Letter Under the Hand Abraham, a very principal of Murjhedabad to Mr. Bolts which was proved by Mr. . by Gonyjliamdajs; viz.

44 After the usual Compliments vourable Letter, with one inclo la (Mahomed Reza Khawtt)

44 Dullubram, on Monday the 3c 44 in the Evening; and you desire them, and write you the Parti Cogee Melcomb's being imprilbi livered the Letters to the said The Nabob read the Letter,

44 an Answer; he laid Cogee M 44 patched from up the Country Evening he will certainly arm 44 I shall write to the Committee,

44 conformable to the Orders whi thence. The Rajah gave for 1 44 nothing of the Affair, and I r " he knows nothing about it. A 44 Rajah’s Answer I shall forvvarc Melcomb arrives here, I shall Friendship towards him, and h 44 ble — I am remediless, I have n 44 What shall I write more

Transfation of Part of an < the Hand and Seal of Cog dabad, dated the 10th ZiL proved by Gonyjhamdafs.

44 On the 8th of this Month in Town, and he waited on Dowlah Bahader. The laid Ni

i2 Geo. III.

2 <5° M

927

€C - U <c

(I

Cc

<c

4C

ing down of Mdcamb in the Garden called rahbag. He >is rn the said Garden, but is under a Guard- My Sir, it appears that the said Nabob is waiting for* the Orders of the Committee, that he may do according to the Order whatsoever comes from thence. If Mr. Hare shall spealc in the Cause of his Deliverance, I suppose the Deliverance will appear f9on, because the said Gentleman is Mailer of the Business. This is the Sutyedt which is written-to you, for to give you the Knowledge of it. What shall I write more ?’*<

A Letter from Mr. Bolts to Harry Esquire,

President; John Cartier, Richard

Alexander, Claud Ruffe Alder fey, and

Charles Flayer, Esquire?, Members of the Council for the Affairs of the honourable the U nited Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies.

Gentlemen,

" I have been now Thirteen Days waiting for an ,c Answer to my Application to your Board of the 18 th " April, regarding my imprisoned Agents. They have " now been forced down to Moorjhedabad, where they " are also kept under drift Confinement, whereby, exclusive of the Lofl'es accruing to me, not only their *e Property and Characters, but their Lives also are endangered. In Answer to the Applications which have been made to the Nabob, he fays he is waiting for u your Orderfc from Calcutta respecting the m.

" As they are Christians, Men of Substance, and good Character, Householders of Calcutta, and in " every way intitled to the Protection of the British ,e Laws, it is incumbent on me, in whose Service, and " on whose Account, they innocently suffer those'Evils, to repeat my Representations to you on their Behalf; at lead: so far, that though they lose their " Property as well as me, they may yet escape with " their Lives, and thereby have an Opportunity, by their future Industry, of preferring their Families from utter Ruin.'

(e Thus far I petition on Behalf of those innocent and opprelfed Merchants.

tc With respect to the Redrels which 1 myself have required, by your long Silence on so important and delicate a Point, it is beyond a Doubt, that you. Gentlemen, mean to avow the Proceedings of yotir ! President and Select Committee, as referred to in my ‘ Address of the 18th April, and to give me no Kedress:

‘ However, .5 request the Favour you will let me be acquainted with your Resolution by Letter, in the p‘ Manner usual on Applications to your Board, efpe-c cially as I have a Right to expect such a formal " Avowal of public llesolutions wherein I am so much " interested.

* I am, Gentlemen,

Your most obedient Servant,

« Calcutta, (Signfed)

2d A say 1768. * Bolts."

Your Committee then proceeded to read Fart of the Proceedings of the Governor and Council of Calcutta, at a Confutation‘hejd on the if.May 1768,34 follows:

' " Mr. Bolls fends in a Letter repeating his Repre- fentations to us in Behalf of his imprisoned Agents.

Ordered, That it be ente'red after the Consultation.

" Colonel Smith delivers in the following Minute: .

Colonel Smith having perused the Proceedings of the Select Committee, as well as the Resolutions of the Council cencerning Mr. Bold, he ^ow takes this first Opportunity of exprefiingih Person to the Board M those Sentiments-which he wrote to the Committee " in his Letter of — -----.

' " It appears from the Consultations of the’ 5th *.* vember 1767, that you determined to repeat theformer Orders for Mr. Bolts so proceed to England, and VOL.33.

<c

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

.c

cc

cc

cf

that in case of Disobedience to those Orders, and East India Contempt of your Authority, that his Person should be seized, and sent home Prisoner in one of the Ships of the last Season.

" I have carefully examined your Records, in order to discover if the posterior Conduct of Mr. Balts had been such as to induce you to postpone or annul your former Resolution, but I find your Resolution Hands unrevoked and unexecuted.

" It appears also from the Proceedings of the Select Committee, that Mr. Bolts, ever sincethis your Resolution of the 5 November, has beencorresponding with the Country Powers. This Correspondence is wifely and expressly prohibited to Individuals by the Orders of o'j r honourable Mailers.

" If you had not already entered into a Resolution of fending Mr. Bolts to Europe, most undoubtedly I would have made such a Motion; but when I read an unanimous Decree of your Board for taking such Measures on this Occasion as appears absolutely ne-celfary for the public Service, I cannot but conjure you. Gentlemen, tosupport the Dignity of Government, by enforcing Obedience to your own Resolutions; for should we l'ulfer Mr. Bolts with Impunity to bid Defiance to your Authority, the Consequences are so very obvious, that to mention them is unnecessary. I do therefore move that the Resolution of the 5 November 1767, shall be carried into Execution, and in case of Disobedience tb your Orders on the Part of Mr. Bolts, that he shall positively be sent Prisoner to Europe in the first Ship which shall bedifpatched from this Presidency. Signed Richard Smith. — Fort William, the May 1768.

" The Boafd Hill adhere to their former Resolution of fending Mr. Bolts to England. It is therefore agreed and l'efolved that he shall be lent to Europe by the first Ship that is dispatched this Season."

Read a Letter from Mahomed Khawti to

Mr. Verelfl, received by him the 3d May 1768, marked

C. N* 146, viz.

" Acknowledging the Receipt of Mr. s Let-

" ter (C. N" —,) concerning Mons. Canonge, and inclosing *' Copies of the Purwannahs signed by Mr. Rumbold,

" which the Armenians sent down by had

" as Gomaftahs to Mr. Hare."

Read Part of a Letter from Shujah al to Mr.

Verelfl, received by him the 15th May 1768, marked C» N° 161. — viz.

Upon a Rukah (or Poftscript).

" In regard to Secrets being betrayed, and your *f Letters exposed which you wrote me concerning the " same is this. That from the first till now we never corresponded on any Secret except the Affair of the " Vizirate, and my being inverted with the Privileges " thereof, and upon this Subject I have received divers " of your Letters 5 besides this, no other Subject has been wrote upon; the friendly Diligence you have' " used in this Affair, and the frequent Correspondences we have had on this Subject being-notorious j Ido " I own frequently enlarge on your Goodness and Fayour in public, on your taking so much Trouble for " your Friend; but it is impossible, and God forbid that " the Secrets of the Company and Council should be " discovfcrecf, either in part: or future whatever Letters " I receive from you, after having read them in private’

" T seal them up and keep them with all Care: I do " not understand in what Manner you have wrote me " this, I have taken an Obligation from Metr Mushallah on this Matter, and have- sent it by the Hands of " Captain Harper, who will transmit it to you. You " will make due Enquiries from Mr. Bolts, who is with M you on the Spot, and get the Copies of the Letters from him which he lays he has in his Possession. If " it is proved on Metr Mushallah, he shall be punished

" according

India

Affairs*

26° Mali.

ft according to the Obligation I have sent you from u him, and I have also given positive Orders, that no-14 thing concerning the Affair of the Vizirate, or other tc Mattes, rtiall be made known to any one. Seeing what Necessity is there for others to be made acquainted, I will enforce these Orders, and you will " make the strictest Enquiries; for if Meer Mushallah shall have heard anjr thing concerning the Affair of the Vizirate which is on foot, and Wrote the lame, I 44 will punish him also for that; what Business hds he with it, and why should he Write about these *4 Things ?'*

Upon a Rukah (or Poftscript);

44 I have just received Intelligence, that CoJJim Ally Cawn has taken his Leave of the Rohillahs, and in- tends going to the Decan \ though I don’t think it practicable to get him into our Hands, yet I think he C4 might be easily cut off. Caution arid Care is necessary in such Cases; for it is notorious Coffim is a complete Villain, and should he go there what Disturbances will he not raise. It is a Proverb, that an Enemy should be never con side red as weak; whatever you shall Write tnc on this Subject, as yours and the Council’s Determination, I will act agreeably thereto, 44 but a speedy arid determined Answer is necessary."

Translate of Meer Alushalla/i s Obligation, sent by Captain Harper.

44 I Meer Mushallah, finding that divers evil-minded People have reported that I lent Copies to Mr. Bolts, 44 of the Letters which come from the English Serdars to his Excellency the Nabob Vizire, (whom God long preserve) and as I never even took a Letter of the English Serdars in my Hand, much less could be acquainted with the Purport of them or take Copies, 44 do therefore agree, and here by these Presents covenant, that if this Thing shall be proved, that I have sent Copies of the Letters of the English Serdars to 44 Mr. Bolts, or any other; or if ever I discoverecl to any one, any Secret communicated by his Excellency to me, I shall be deemed guilty before his Excellency. 44 If any Letter under my Seal appears concerning the aforesaid Matter, let his Excellency destroy me and my Family, and punish me as a guilty Person; and, 44 if this is not proved, let the Evil-minded be put to Death, that such wicked and abominable People may tc take Warning: 1 have therefore (Meer Mishallah) 44 given these Presents as an Obligation, this Ninth Day of Zihijahy in the Year of Higiry 1187."

Read — also a Petition of the Relations of the Armenians, as addressed to the Governor and Council of Fort William in Bengal, dated the 15 May 1768, proved by Mr. Bolts, viz.

44 To the honourable Harry Vereljl, Esquire, President and Governor, &c. Gentlemen of the Council at Fort William.

44 Honourable Sir and Sirs, u We the Subscribers to this humble Address, Rela- tions of Cogee Malcum Phillip, and Cogee Gregore Co- jamaul Caitlder, beg Leave to represent to your Honours, that our said Relations have, for Six or Seven Years past, been constantly employed by different English Gentlemen in the honourable Company’s 44 Service, as Agents in the Transaction of their mer- cantile Affairs, with Honour and Credit to them- 1‘elves, and to the Satisfaction of their Employers,

4 j

44 without having ever interfered in any Nature than mercantile, on the Trahfi they were latterly left by their Constii elude and collect in their outftandir u the Districts of Banards, Patnay &c.

44 been lately seized by Force, and have in great Distress under Chhfiriement by t4 his Officers, first at Patna, and inow a<5 44 adavad, ever since the ThittjLfirffc Afarc 4* the least Cause for Complaint that we That, by the said Confinement, th£ P 44 posed to great Distress, Loss of their H 44 the Ruination of their Families, and c 44 nours, tsfr. humble Representants: XI 44 cations which have been made to the IS 44 Releasement, he refuses to grant it Orders from your Honour, which tremely lorry and appvehensive lead th< " justly incurred the Displeasure of youi In the mean time we humbly beg L< 44 sent, that should they hate been guilt demeanors, w6 are ready to give such S 44 for Money, or their Appearance ^when the Nabob can justly require, or to may appear reasonable; and as they are of this City of Calcutta, and have long Benefit of the Protection of the honoural towhofe Interest we will venture to af ver acted contrary; we therefore humb Honours will please to grant an Order leafement, which will be a lading Oblij red on,

44 Honourable Sir and Sirs,

44 Your most faithful,

44 and devo Mother — Mary Cojamaul Calder,

44 Wife — Catharine Gregory Brother — Zachariah Cojamaul Ca/det Uncle — Aviatt Mar car

« Relation.; 5 Aviatt Calder

Relations j JrCalder

44 Calcutta,

44 the 15th May 1768."

The Committee then read a Protest or Mr. Bolts against the Governor and Counci for all Losses and Damages consequent of th< ment of the Armenians, as the same was j John Holme, Notary Public, to the said G Council, and (lands recorded on their Prc the 18 May 1768.

Read — also the Translation of a Letter fit at Patna to Mr. Bolts, dated the 9th May Original of which being produced was prov Jhamdafs as follows:

44 After the accustomed Persian Complin Receipt of your most favourable and frie gave me great Pleasure and Satisfaction, I 44 write me that Cogee Melcomb and Cogee G 44 Gomaftahs, had wrote that I had impri and sent them down to Mwjhedabad, and;

44 to know what Crimes they had committ*

44 such Punishment: Favourable Sir, the.

44 wantfing, under Guard of his own People,

44 sieur Canonge, a French Gentleman, Cogt " and Cogee Gregory, down from Mirzapore a 44 to me, and at same Time wrote to me, t 44 fend them down to Murjhedabad in the Manner as they were brought to Patna; ac the Writing of the said Rajah, Monsieur C 44 French Gentleman, with Cogee Melcomb " Gregore, were dispatched to Patna. At th;

44 was not known to me that the said Cogees were your Gomaftahs." Concludes with Compliments.

1

i a Geo. III.

26° Mail.

9*9

Read — also the Translation of a Letter from 7v-gutanund, a Man of great Consequence at the City of Alurjhedabad, to Mr. Bolts, dated the 24th May 1768, the Original of which was produced and proved by Mr. Bolts; viz.

" On the 2d of the Month JoyJiee, I received your favourable Letter of the 31st of Byfaack, and am acquainted with the Contents, and perceive, that on Account Qf Two of your Gomaftahs, who have been imprisoned and sent here, you had written a Let- ter to the great Nabob (meaning the Nabob upon * the Throne, in Distinction from the acting Naib, Mahomud\Reza Khawtt) of which you inclose me a " Copy: After informing myself of every Particular,

" I lent the Letter by a taufty Person of my own " to the Nabob, with the necessary Respects and " Greetings on your Part: Two Days after, he said,

" 1 do not know what Answer I can give to this lc Letter; I have no People I can trust; who can I speak to upon this Affair, or who will mind what I say ? Mr. Bolts understands well the present Situation " of Affairs, that I am nobody, and nothing can be done by me.

" As you did me the Favour to write to me, I would that in any Manner your Business was done;

but according to the present Turn of the Times,

nothing can be expected. I kept your People to fee if t could d6 any thing, but find it is impossible.

Sir, you are wife, you comprehend all the Affair.

" — Dated the 14th JoyJiee, or 24th May 1768.

" P. S. After reading and keeping your Letter Four Days the Nabob returned it, and I herewith inclose it to you."

Read — also the Abstract of a Letter written by Mr. Verelft on the 29 May 1768, to the Rajah Buhvanting, imarked C. N° 46; viz.

" Desiring him to release some Boats belonging to " Mr. Alexander, which he had detained, and warning him against such Proceedings in future."

Read — also the Translation of a Persian Letter from Boyetumtjing, principal Minister of Rajah to Cogee Gregore; the Original of which was proved by Hmyfibamdajs; viz.

After many Compliments in the Persian Style, he proceeds:

" I have received your favourable Letter, and am " acquainted with the Contents; my Brother, as God " Almighty would have it, was sick at Gungapore,

" and therefore, for my Brother’s Business, I (laid at the Village Coruna, where 1 was Twelve Days,

" and settled all my Business, and was myself also out of Order. Yesterday 1 arrived at and

my dear Friend was not the least acquainted with your Cafe, till the Receipt of your Letter informed me; nothing of which you complain of has been done by the Maha Rajah , but solely and

" wholly by the Orders of the Gentlemen of Calcutta:

« In this respect there is no Help; accordingly Bukht-f* sing has been wrote to, to do every thing for you that is becoming of Friendship, and I shall repre- sent to Maha Rajah Bahadar such Things as are «! proper, and the Almighty will be gracious. On your Arrival in those Parts, please to write to me,

" that I may have Encouragement in my Mind. For the rest may Happiness attend you."

Read — also the following Letters , viz.

Extract of a Letter from the Nabob Shujah al Dowlah to Mr. Verelft; received by him the 4th ‘July 176S, marked D. N° 209.

* I wrote you in a prior Letter a full and particular Answer about Mr. Bolts and Meer Mushallah,

’ and I have now repeated the same Circumstances ‘anew to Rajah Pur Jed Roy, from whom you will be informed, 1 have written my whole Heart with-Vol.^33.

out omitting or disguising any tiling, or deviating WTlodia " the Breadth of a Hair: Agreeable Jo ydur own " Desire, I some time ago returned your Excellency " all those Letters of yours which related to that Sub- jedt; Meer Mujballah has given an Obligation un» ct der his own Hand, which if he has violated, I will " immediately bring him to the Punishment contained u therein."

An original Note from the Rajah in-

closed for Mr. Bolts, in a Letter to the Rajah’s Am* baffador at Calcutta, Maharage MiJJer, dated the 24 April 1768, produced and proved by Mr. Bolts.

On the Cover sealed " Rajah , Bahudur,

" dire died to the Brammin Effegy of Brimha Maharage " MiJJer r

" The following you are to acquaint Mr. Bolts with:"

I have received your Letter. As to what you " have wrote about Mr. Bolts's Gomaftahs, you know " that I have a Regard for Mr. Bolts's Business, and " a Friendship for him from my Heart, and always complied with whatever his Gomaftahs requested.

" When the Nabob, Harry VerelJTs Letter came, for " fending them, agreeable to that Order I was obliged " to fend them to Rajah Shitabroy -, before the Arrival of Mr. Bolts's and your Letters, I had told " them, there is no Impediment on my Part."

An original Letter, written by Rajah Shitabroy to Mr. Bolts, dated the 31 ft July 17^8, proved by fliamdajs-, viz.

" After the usual Compliments — I received your " favourable Letter, wherein you write, that it appeared to you, my favourable Friend,* that another of your " Gomaftahs, named Cogee Rafael, who was in those " Parts, has been imprisoned and brought down to me, and that I had continued the said Rafael under Confinement, and with my own People lent him " down to Murfhedabad; and that as you, kind Sir,

" are unacquainted with the Crime the said Refail n has committed, to merit my confining and putting " a Guard upon him, you therefore request I will " acquaint you with the said Rafael's Crime. My dear " Sir, I did not know that Rafael was your Gomaftah,

" nor am I in the least acquainted with any Fault be " has committed. Colonel BBahader, wrote " to me that he had dispatched to me Cogee Rafael " and Two other Armenians, who in the Nabob Shu-" jah al Dowlah's Country had been in Confinement " under Captain Harper, who had sent them to him,

Colonel Barker; accordingly I dispatched them to the " Nabob Khane Khanaan Mobazez al Mulk Bahader, at * Murjhedabad, the Particulars of their Faults or their " Innocence must be well known to Mr. Harper himself; with respect to me, kind Sir, do not believe " me capable of any thing contrary to the strictest " Friendship towards vou, you shall know me your own " Friend." 1

Your. Committee then proceeded to read the Memorial of the Armenian Gentlemen, Gregore Cojamaul and Johannes Padre Rafael, as presented to the Court of East India Directors, dated London, the 12th Sep'

1769; viz.

" To the honourable the Court of Directors for " the Affairs of the honourable the United " Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies.

The humble Petition of Cogee Gregore Cojamaul " and Cogee Johannes Padre Rafael, Armddbi Merchants, late of Bengal:

" Humbly Sheweth,

" That your Petitioners, who are Natives of han in Persia, have, for many Years, resided in " India, particularly in the Provinces annexed to Bengal, and in the Dominions of the different Princes 11 D u bordering

Kart India Affairs.

91°

44 bordering upon those Provinces, where they have 4C of your Petitioners, as might app " carried on for themselves^ and others, a very ex- 4C your said President and Council.

tehfive Trade always with thfc Permission and Ap- 44 That the said Petitions were pai probation of the different Princes, in whose Do- 44 but your Petitioners were continue " minions your Petitioners ref}dc;d, always paying the tnent; your Petitioner Cogee Greg< " Duties exacted by such Princes, and always chear- 44 ing been confined from the 14th M fully submitting the mlclves to the Laws of such " the 23d May 1768, being Two I

Countries. 44 Days; and your Petitioner Coget

44 That it has ever been the Custom, from Time Rafael, from the 27th March V

" immemorial, for Greeks, Georgians, Turks, PerftanS, " August 1768, being Five Months; di Tartars, Cashmesrians, Armenians, and other Nations, " they were treated worse than c<: 44 to refbrt to, and traffic in, India, where the Coun- 44 Cogee Rafael being first imprisoned

try Nabobs, fenlible of the Benefits arising from and afterwards both kept in clc

44 the Resort of Foreign Merchants, and the Increase under a strong Guard of the C 4* of Trade, have, at all Times, encouraged such Persons with fixed Bayonets, who never { 44 to the utmost of their Power. " tioners to stirout df their Sight,

44 That besides their own Traffic, your Petitioners " That being at last released fri M likewise, for about Seven Years last past, have been u your Petitioners and their Friends

44 honoured with Business upon Commission from fun- <c President, Mr. Harry Verelft, not

44 dry English Gentlemen, several of whom are now " quainted what were the Causes c

" in England. " and why they had been confinet

44 That your Petitioners, in such Transactions, have " Leave to return up the Countr] 44 ever acted to the Satisfactions of their Constituents, *c Effects and outstanding Concern and with Credit to themselves, having ever studiously " serve themselves juid Families fre avoided interfering in any other than their own mer- " the Misfortune of your Petitions cantile Affairs; and as they have ever been Well- " cations were paid no Regard to, n 44 withers to the honourable English East India Company, 44 obtain any Satisfaction, or be acc] 44 having never, in the moll distant Manner, acted con- " had been thus capriciously impr trary to the Interests of that Company. 44 a Time, and then set at Libert

44 That your Petitioners were lately resident in the N accused of even a fictitious Milder Dominions of the Nabob Shujah al Dowlah, and the " That, to the great Astonishm Rajah Bnhvantfing, who, to the great Surprile of your oners, upon their Arrival in G 44 Petitioners, received Orders spin your Presidency of " informed that your Governor, J " Calcutta, or Fort William, to banish ycrur, Petitioners " and his Council, had been plea " out of their Countries. 44 Edict, under Date the i8tlj May

44 That those Princes communicated the Orders 'all Armenians and Portuguese, ar H which they had received from your said Presidency to ‘4 ants, from residing or trading in your Petitioners, who had thfe Honour to be favoured " the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, 1 " with the Friendship of th£'said Princes, who proposed if attempting to transport any Me *4 various Expedients to fereen your Petitioners from w those Provinces, under Penalty of Violence, as your Petitioners can shew by authentic " Corporal Punishment, and the C 44 Documents in their Hands, to the Satisfaction of this " Merchandize; an attested notori; <* honourable Court. 44 most extraordinary public Edict

44 That the Friendship of those Princes having'in- c* your Petitioners, for the Inspecti duced them to evade the immediate Execution of able Court.

44 such tyrannical Orders, for which. they knew no " That your Petitioners were h 44 Cause, your President, Mr. Verelft, wrote again in " prived, among others, of those I 44 repeated Letters, and in the most peremptory Terms, " due to them as Men, from the L; " to have your Petitioners seized, imprisoned, and sent, " were deprived of that Freedom of c< down into the Company’s Provinces to Patna and ? Nation had always enjoyed in Murfhcdabad, and, for fear of further Delays or Eva- " worst of the ancient black Nab fions, Orders were. giVen to the immediate Servants " cular, were also deprived of all H a of the English Company, who were employed to seize vering those Effects, from whichil and imprison your Petitioners, as they are likewise; tSrtfcqriWy and capriciously taken.

" ready to prove, to the Satisfaction of this honour- ‘5 That your Petitioners, who h 44 able Court, by authentic Documents and Writings, " necessitated at a great Expence t

under Hand and Seal of the said Company’s Ser- 44 for Justice, now appeal to the 3

44 vahts. ' w notirable Court, requesting tha

44 That accordingly your Petitioners were seized in indemnify your Petitioners for th the most sudden, cruel, and inhuman Manner, and sustain, or that they will please brought down to the Company’s Factories at Patna answer for themselves, the Preside and Murjbcdabady being obliged to quit instantly " such of the Company’s Servants. * all they were possessed of in that Country, to a very " able Court may appear to have b< 44 conficlerable Amount, together with their Books and " Tons in the Oppressions complaine 4< Papers, and the Effects of many other Persons with " And your Petitioners, as in Du 44 which they were intruded, and for which they ^re " pray.

44 amenable.1 " Cogee Gregy

44 That, during the Confinement of your Petitioners, " London, the Cogee Joha: the Relations of your Petitioners did deliver to your " 12th Septr 1769.

44 President, Mr. Harry Verelft, sundry Petitions, par-

44 ticularly one of the 13th May 1768, and one of the Your Committee then read a L

13th June 1768 (whichyour Petitioners imagine (land tioner, Gregore Cojamaul, to the C 44 recorded upon your Calcictta Consultations) requesting Directors, dated the 29th FebJ 1775 u the Relcafement of your Petitioners, and offering to Answer thereto; as follows:

give any such Security for Money, or the Appearance To the honourable Court o;

9 %

2 6° Mali.

t 3 Geo. III.

26° M

n 1

" fairs of the honourable the United Company <£ of Merchants of trading to the

East Indies. v

.«« Honourable Sirs,

" Being acquainted by Governor that he

was informed by One of the Directors of the East India Company, upon preferring my Petition to " Parliament, that the Court of Directors had offictally transnritted the Memorial I delivered to them of the 12th September 1769, to their President and * Council of Bengal, and that they had received a full and explicit Answer from thence with specific Charges " by the last Ships; in consequence of such Information, I now make my moll humble Application to the " Court, that they will be pleased to furnish me with " a Copy or Copies of such Answer and Charges, which I hope, in common Justice, cannot be denied me, as I must ever presume the Directors are equally " inclined to blame their Servants when culpable, as to "* defend them when innocent; and that the Pro- tcction of the Inhabitants of Bengal is a principal Part of their Consideration.

" I am, with great Respect,

Honourable Sirs,

" Your moll obedient, humble,

" and devoted Servant,

who not only set their Orders at Defiance, but were East 1 " likewise bulled in these Schemes and Intrigues of the Affiurt.

" most dangerous Tendency to Government."

Mr. Johannes Padre Rafael, another Merchant, being called upon to give an Account of his being takei\up to the Time of his Rtleafement, said:

I was in Fyfabad the 27 March 1768, when Capt*

’..... n c 0,s> and they ‘

Tent.

Harper sent 1 wo Parties of Sepoys, and they took sne Prisoner, and carried me to Capt1 sent his Munlhy to know the stealfon why we came at

He

London, u 29th Feb 1772.

such an improper Hour. I said, Your MafteV knows the Reason why your Sepoys brought me here. As soon as I spoke to the Munfhy, Capt" Harper came out, and said, I must fend you to Calcutta — T answered for what Reason ? he said, angrily. That Mr» Vereljl had lent a Letter, and you must go immediately. I represented the Distress my Affairs ’ would suffer, if I had not Three or Four Months Time to settle them, and entreated some Delay; he said, I shall give you Three Days. I represented, that I should be ruined if I had not more Time allowed me. I was put under Confinement in my own House, and kept from the 27 March to the ift May, strictly guarded by Sepoys. On the 2d May I was sent to Illahabad, and arrived there the 10th May. I was kept till the 30th in the of^i Air. I applied by Capt* Gregore Gojamaul." Gravely to be released, but without Success. The 2d June (still under Confinement) 1 was lent to Patna, where I arrived the 28th; I was Ten Days at Patna under Confinement. I applied to §hitabroy to be released, but without Succels. On the 15th July I arrived at Mnrfhadabad. I was brought before the Nabob. I pleaded, that as a Merchant, I apprehended I might go where I pleased, paying the Duties. The Nabob said, there was now a new Re-

At a Court of Directors of the United East India Company, held on IVedntfday the nth March 1772;

The Court, on Consideration of a Letter from Gregore

Gamaul,

Ordered, That the following Answer be given to the lame, and tranlrnitted to him accordingly:

" Our general Letter, in Answer to what we wrote to gulation, and that could not be, and then demanded our Governor and Council, on the Subject of the an Obligation that I would not go up to the high sfrmeniansPetition, laid before the Court of Directors Country to trade, under the Pain of Costfifcation of in 1769, contains many Matters very improper to be my Goods. I refilled to give the Obligation, and <r communicated on the present Application made by was confined in a Stable without Meat or Drink, for ,r the Armenian, Gregore Cojamaul; but so much as Twenty-four Hours. I was then imprisoned in a

materially concerns the Justifications of our Prefi- dark dirty Place, worse than a Stable, till the 22d clcncy with respect to those Persons, is to this Effect; Augttft. I made Application to Mahomed Khawn ft they refer to the Country Correspondence transmitted to be released; he laid. He could do nothing Without to us in 1768, and to their Proceedings in December Orders from Mr. Vereljl. The Subahdar, or Com1 767, for the Particulars of this Matter; that these mander of the Sepoys, told me some Days after, that. cC Armenians were discovered in carrying on Intrigues at the Nabob had been to wait on Mr. , to know " the Court of Sujah Dozvlah, and that there was whether he had any Orders from the Committee, and

strong Presumption, that they were the rnstruments. upon his Return 1. was ordered to be released. 'The " of obtaining for Mr. Bolts, Copies of our President’s. Subahdar demanded Sixty Rupees, which I not beCorrespondence with the Vizier, not to mention the ing able to pay, was by his^Authority detained Three Experience they before had of the

tc of the Armenians during the Govt

c intriguing Spirit Days longer, when, upon Payment of the Money, I

.eminent of CoJJim was released but Directions were given me not to

w Ally Cazvn. go to the upper Country, and accordingly I went to

te That at this very Time, notwithstanding an Order Calcutta. During my Confinement, Money was fre-

" in Force, prohibiting the Residence of Gomaftabs questly extorted from me by the Sepoys: It colt me,

of English Gentlemen in the T erritories of Sujah during my Imprisonment, Two thousand Rupees, the

" DtnvJahand Bulzuantjing, or indeed any where without greatest Part of which was forced from me by the

" the Provinces, Mr. Bolts, in Defiance of this Order, Sepoys.

" would presume to continue his Agents; and that as

" it shouitl seem, not merely to wind up his old Con- ' Marti?, 12° die Mail, 1772.

*e corns in Trade, but to engage in new ones. From Col. in the Chair; Present,

these Considerations, they hope it will clearly appear Lord Mr.

their Removal did not proceed from a Motive of Re- Mr. Vane, Mr.

*e fentment, cither against Mr. Bolls or the Armenians Sir G. Mr.

" themselves. Mr. Lrecot hick, Mr. Sutton.

" That it does not appear so the Council, that the Read — a Paper as sent dp, pursuant to Order, by the late Prdident Vereljl was the immediate Instrument East India Directors, intituled, " An Agreement beof their Removal, as had been insinuated, but that it.

was an Act of the Princes themselves, and entirely " optional on their Parts; but admitting even that the " Order should have come immediately from the President, or that the Company’s Sepoys, had been employed, they presume they should Rand fully justified " for such an Exertion of Authority, against Persons VOL.

tgre

tween the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading to the East and the,

" dated the 22d June 1688; as follows; viz.

" Tire Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading to the East Indies, Agreementa " with the Armenians, dated the 22d June 1688. The Governor and Company of Merchants of Lon-

CC

" do

26" Mai/.

>V

932

aft India «ff </$#, trading to the .&*/? Indies, to all t6 whom these

ftffaiw. presents shall come, fend Greeting. Whereas Repre-" fentation hath been made to us by Sir Josiah Child\ " Baronet* our Deputy Governor, that upon long Con-xi ferences by him had with Coja Panous Calendar, an Armeniaii Merchant of Eminency, and an Inhabitant of 4t Ifpahan in Persia; as also with Sir John Chardin, of London, Knight, they had on Behalf of the Armenian Nation " proposed to him several Particulars for carrying on a " great Part of the Armenian Trade to India and Persia, and from thence to Europe, by way of England; which u will redound greatly to His Majesty’s Advantage in " His Customs, and to the Encrease of the Englishi Navi-u gation, if the Armenian Nation might obtain such Licence from this Company, as will give them Encou-k* ragement lo to alter and invert the ancient Course of " their Trade to and from Europe: And we being always " willing to encrease and encourage the public Trade and " Navigation of this Kingdom, after a serious Debate of " all the Propositions relating to this Affair, have " thought fit to agree and resolve as follows; viz.

" First, That the Armenian Nation shall now, and at all Times hereafter, have equal Share and Benefit of " all Indulgencies this Company have, or shall at any " Time hereafter grant to any of their own Adventurers " or other English Merchants whatsoever.

" Secondly, That they shall have free Liberty at all " Times hereafter to pals and repass to and from India, " on any of the Company’s Ships, on as advantageous " Terms as any Freeman whatsoever.

" Thirdly, That they shall have Liberty to live in any " of the Company’s Cities, Garrisons, or Towns, in India, " and to buy, fell, and purchase Land or Houses, and be " capable of all civil Offices and Preferments, in the " same Manper as if they were Englishmen born, and shall " always have the free and undilturbed Liberty of the " Exercise of their own Religion. And we hereby declare, that we will not continue any Governor in our " Service, that shall in any kind disturb or discountenance " them in the full Enjoyment of all the Privileges hereby granted to them; neither shall they pay any other " or greater Duty in India, than the Company’s Fa<flors. " or any other Englishmen born, do or ought to do.

" Fourthly, That they may voyage from any of the " Company’s Garrisons to any other Ports or Places in " India, the South Seas, China, or the Manilhas, in any of " the Company’s Ships, or any permissive free Ships allowed by the Company; and may have Liberty to " trade to China, the Manilhas, or any other Ports or " Places within the Limits of the Company’s Charter, " upon equal Terms, Duties, and Freight, with any free " Englishmen whatsoever.

" But whereas all Persons in England do pay for Bullion V Outwards Two per Cent, for Freight and Permission; " and Three per Cent. Homewards for Diamonds and " other precious Stones; it is hereby declared and agreed, " That the Armenians shall pay Three per Cent. Outwards " for Bullion, and Two per Cent. Homeward for Diamonds; for Coral and Amber Beads they shall pay Six " per Cent, for Freight and Permission, and for Coral, Amber, Raw Cochineal, Quicksilver, Sword Blades, Fire " Arms of all Sorts, Haberdashery Wares, Iron of all " Sorts, wrought or unwrought, Paper, all Sort? of Stationary Wares, English Looking or Drinking Glades, " and for all Sorts of Norimberg Wares and Merchandizes, Ten per Cent, for Permission, and Six Pounds " per Ton Freight. That all Sorts of Leather, Venetian c< Wares and Merchandizes, may be shipt out Permission " free, paying only Six Pounds per Ton, Freight i forall " Cloth or woollen Manufactures, of what Kind? or Sorts

ibever, they shall pay Twelve and a Half/w Cent, in lieu of all Charges whatsoever, excepting only the " Freight and the Company’s Customs in India-, for " Lead, Ten per Cent. Permission, and Three Pounds per ' Ton Freight; for Provisions of all Sorts, for eating and

drinking, Six Pounds per Ton Freight, but no Per-

A

" mission; and forall Sorts of Goods, Home i( they shall pay in Manner and Form folio " For Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, all Sort cc Stones and Ambergrease, Two per Cent. ] " Permission as aforesaid; for Musk of an " per Cent, for Freight, and Permission; for " Penny per Pound, and for Coffee Ten \ " mission, besides Freight; for all Raw Si " Twenty-one Pounds per Ton Freight, bu " fion, Custom, or any other Charges whatfc " ing only Two and a Half per Cent, towa cc rage of our Ships; for all Goods whatfc <c Growth and Manufacture of Persia (red Ca " excepted, which is hereby totally prohib " Cent. Permission, and the same Freights as; " themselves pay, without any other Charge " for all Sorts of China and Bengal Goods, " Company’s Indulgence for those Kinds ol " no longer, in what Place soever loaden,

" Cent, for Permission, and all other Charge " over and above the same Freight as the C " and the Customs hereafter mentioned; vi " Outward and Homeward-bound are to p " pany in East India, Five per Cent. Custon " Cost, as per Invoices of the said Goods, 1 " be laden from, or delivered into, any of th " Ports or Places, or into any other Ports or " soever, excepting only from this Article " Diamonds, and other precious Stones, J " Musk, and Raw P erf an Silk. And it is " the Permission Money and Freight for all " ward-bound, to be paid in India as afore " accounted for at Eight and a Half Rupee " Sterling upon Hypothecation of the Good " pany in London; and we do declare, the " Accounts, the Custom due to the Com " India, is to be included together with theol " viz. Freight and Permission, according to " and all inserted in one Sum, upon the rel " of Loading, which Sum is always to be p: " Delivery of the Goods to the Persons men " said Bills of Loading, which is the true " Hypothecation before expressed. That all " have once paid Custom, are not to pay am " upon Importation or Exportation of the fa " the Place where they first paid it, or to an " or Place belonging to us in the East Indies. " Person that shall take Passage on any of th " Ships, shall pay in East India Twelve Pou " for his Permission Outwards, at the Rate c " pees and a Half per Pound Sterling; and 1 " to be paid here for every Person that shall " Homeward, besides Eight Pounds per F l{ Provisions, which it is hereby agreed fha " paid in London; and for such Persons whe " at the Captain’s Table, they shall pavTenC " to the Captain for the fame. But the S< * be meffed apart by themselves, and alwa " same Allowances of Ship Provisions as the " Seamen of the Ship have, or ought to ha^ " also granted to the said Armenians, that th " shall be allowed, both Out and Home, t< " them their Wearing Clothes, Furniture, am <c not exceeding One Quarter of a Ton foi " Freight free. And whereas the said An " used to drive a great Trade from India to I " land, by the Way of Persia and Arabia,; " desirous to drive that whole Trade by the*' " land: It is hereby declared and agreed, 1 " Armenians have Liberty to fend upon any < <c pany’s Ships for England, any Sorts of G " India, consigning them to the Company " voices and Bills of Loading, and not other " Ten per Cent. Permission on the Value of th " in London, besides the same Freight as we 01 " And it is hereby declared, That the Comp*

i2 Geo. lit* $6* Mail. 935

" berty to detain and keep ih their Possession all such " Goods as shall be consigned unto them as aforesaid,

" until they have shipped them off upon Ship-

" P'ng bound for Turkey, Vor , and taken

tc Security; yet they shall not be landed in any other " Ports or Places of Europe, except the Place to which " they shall be consigned, according as they shall be directed, by the said Armenian Proprietors, or their tc Agents. And lastly, it is declared and agreed, that " notwithstanding any Thing aforesaid, it shall and may " be lawful for the said Company to reserve and keep " f6r their own Use, any of the said Goods so intended " for Turkey as aforesaid, paying the Proprietors Onethird Part clear Profit on the first Cost of the Goods as aforesaid, all Freight, Charges, and Disbursements " whatsoever, being first deducted and fore-prized. Eight " Rupees in India, being in this same to be accounted " for One Pound Sterling. In Witness whereof, the " Governor, Deputy Governor, and Three of the Committee of the said Company, have hereunto let their " Hands, and caused the larger Seal of the said Company " to be affixed this Two-and-twentieth Day of June,

" Anno Domini 1688, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord, James the Second, by " the Grace of God, Kang of , Scotland, France,

and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, t

(Signed)

" Benjamin Bathurst, Governor,

" Jofia , Deputy Governor,

"....

" John Moore,

" George Bonn.

" The Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East , to all whom it may concern, fend Greeting: Whereas Panovs " an Armenian Merchant of Eminency, and an Inhabitant of Ifpahat* in Persia, hath taken great Pains in making " an Agreement with the said Company, for a great Trade to be carried on in English Shipping, by himself and others of the Armenian Nation; the said Governor and Company, in Consideration thereof, do, by these Pre- fen ts (at the Request of the said Coja Panous Kalendar)

" freely grant unto him and his Family, the (ole Trade " of Garnate, he paying Ten perCent. Custom for the * fame, and the usual Freight paid by the Company. " And the said Company do hereby declare, that they " will neither trade in the said Commodity themselves, nor " suffer any other Persons, English, or Strangers, for the " future, to trade or traffic in that Commodity. Given under the Company’s larger Seal, as also under the Hands of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Three " of the Committee of the said Company, this Two-andtwentieth Day of June, Anno Domini 1688, and in the " Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord James * the Second, by the Grace of God, King of England, -

44 land, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith,

(Signed)

" Benjamin , Governor,

" Jofia Child, Deputy Governor,

"....

" John Moore,

" George Bom.

" The Governor and Company of Merchants of don, trading into the East Indies, to all to whom it may " concern, fend Greeting: Whereas it hath been represented unto us that the Armenian Nation have a great " Desire to carry on a Trade and Commerce with our " People in the East Indies, we do, for the better Encouragement of that Nation, to settle and cohabit in the several Garrisons, Cities, and Towns, in the East " Indies, under our Jur'rfdidtion, by these Prefetits, " declare, grant, and agree, that whenever Forty or more " of the Armenian Nation shall become Inhabitants in " any of the Garrisons, Cities, or Towns, belonging VOL. 33.

" to the Company in the East indies, the said Arms- East iriii* " nians shall not only have and enjoy the free Use and Affairs. " Exercise of their Religion, but there shall be also " allotted to them, a Parcel of Ground to erect a Church " thereon, for the Worship and Service of God in " their own Way; and that we will also at our own " Charge, cause a convenient Church to be built of " Timber, which afterwards the said Armenians may alter and build with Stone, or other solid Materials;

" to their own good Liking; and the said Governor and " Company will also allow Fifty Pounds per Annum,

" during the Space of Seven Years, for the Maintenance " of such Priest or Minister, as they shall chuse to officiate therein. Given under the Company’s larger " Seal, as also under the Hands of the Governor and " Deputy Governor, and Three of the Committee of " the said Company, this Two-and-twentieth Day of " June, Anno Domini 1688, and in the Fourth Year of " the Reign of our Sovereign Lord James the Second;

" King of England \Scotland, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, CsY.

(Signed)'

" Benjamin Bathurst, Governor,

Jofia Child, Deputy Governor;

u ..... i

" John Moore,

" George Bom*

Your Committee then proceeded to read Part of the Proceedings of the Governor and Council a( Calcutta, ak a Consultation held the 3d March 1766 j-^t which were present Lord Clive, General Harry V’crelfc,

Francis Sykes, Randolph Marriott, Hugh Watts, Claud Rujfel, William Alderjey, Thomas Kelfall, and Charles Floyer, Esquires, viz.

" It appearing from undoubted Authority, that onje " Cog a Mockil, an Armenian, has filed in the Mayor’s " Court, a fictitious Suit against Johanna , an.

" Armenian, Widow, merely with a View to evade the " Demands of the Country Government, with which (he " has large Accounts, and has therefore taken Refuge " here without our Knowledge, and as nothing is fp " difficult as to investigate Collusion of Parties to the " Satisfaction of Law, the Court may not have the " Power of Redress though convinced of the Fact —

" Agreed therefore to put a Stop to Practices so prejudicial to the Company’s Affairs, as they must necessarily interfere with the Revenues; that the Board " interpose their Authority, as President and Council

" and withdraw the Company’s Protection from both " Parties, turning the Complainant immediately out " of the Settlement, and the Defendant as (bon as (he " may be regularly released fix>in the Sheriff’s Custody."

Read also the 59th and 60th Paragraphs of a Letter* from the Court of East India Directors to their Pre-(ident and Council at Bengal, dated the 4th March 1767; viz.

Par. 59. " As to the collusive Suit you mention " to be brought in the Mayor’s Court by Coja MockH " against Johanna JWarcat, with a View to evade the " Demands of the Country Government: The Chaster " empowers the Mayor’s Court to entertain Suits between Natives, if the Defendant does not objeCk to " the Jurisdiction, and after Judgment the Plaintiff has " a Right to the common Pxocefs of the Court, for " obtaining Satisfaction against the Defendant’s Body " or Goods; and upon commencing every Suit, if the " Plaintiff makes Oath of his Debt, he may hold the " Defendant to Bail; and in that Cafe, where he is imprisoned for want of Bail, or is taken in Executionafter Judgment, he must remain in Custody, as in ordinary Cafes. Where no Suit is depending, and " Parties seek Refuge in our Settlements who have de-" fxauded the Country Government, you may, on a it hi " proper

V

934

2 6* M

if*

if -

in*

India *< proper Representation, withdraw our Prbtedion, arrd Affair. tt fu^er t|ie Country Powers to apprehend and deal with

them according to* their own Laws $ but we are of " Opinion, you have no Right to banish any Party, <c Plaintiff, or Defendant, who may be guilty of thete ct Collusions. If there is no Debt really due from the " Defendant to the Plaintiff, most certainly the Adiori " or Suit is an Abuse of the Process of the Court, and <c the Mayor’s Court may, as the Courts of Law and " Equity do here upon Proof of such Collusion, imprison the Parties for a Contempt of the Court; but w we know of no Law that willjuftify a Sentence of " Banishment in Cafes of this Kind*"

Par. 60. " The best Method we can advise, as a

" Means to prevent these collusive Suits, is, that the u Mayor’s Court do immediately publish a Rule of " Practice to this Effect; viz. That in every same where " a Suit is brought in that Court by Indian against c< Indian, wherein the Defendant is held to Bail, it shall " be fully specified and set forth in the Plaintiffs Affi-c davit of the Debt, where the same was contrafted, " the Time when, and the Nature of the Debt, whe-c< ther upon Bond, Note, or how otherwise, and for " what Consideration, actually and bona fide given or u paid; and in every same where the Cause of Action " is not sworn to arise within the Limits of the Settlement, the Mayor’s Court ought to refuse to issue

Process for arresting the Defendant."

Mr. Verelfl was then called, and asked,

- Q. What do you know with respect to the imprison-Tnent of the Armenians, the Cause of it, and by whole Authority they were confined ?

A. I should be very glad to give any Account in my Power to the Committee of those Transactions; but as the Petitioner Cojamaul, and Rafael, another Armenian, have commenced Suits against me, both in Chancery and the Court of Common Pleas, to which I have a Defence, and don’t doubt a full Justification; and as those Suits are now depending, 1 am adviled by my Counsel not to answer before this Committee, Matters which are the Subjects of those Suits; I therefore with to decline answering the Question.

Mr. Bolts.

Q. What Time did you resign the Company’s Service ?

A. I believe in November 1766.

<2. When was it first notified to you, by the Governor And Council, that you should return to England ?

A* A few Months after I resigned the Service, but while I was a Magistrate of the Mayor’s Court.

Mr. Cojamaul.

Q. After you had got the Purwannah, and was in Stijah al Dowlah's Country, did you do any Business for Mr. Bolts ?

A. I did no new Business for Mr. Bolts after the Date of that Purwannah.

Q* What Business did you ?

A. I gathered in some Money for him, and fold his remaining Goods.

Q. Do you know of Mr. Verelfl'5 applying in Writing to the Nabob, Mahomed Rheza Khawn, at the Request of Cogee Melcomby for him to proceed to Patna, in order to receive his Effects in Sujah Dowla's Country after your Arrival in Calcutta I

A. I know of no Application.

Mr. Bolts.

Q. Was you forced out of the Country ?

A. I was, by a Party of 28 armed Soldiers, by an Order of Mr. Verelfl, and the rest of the Council: I had refuled to go. Captn Coxe came to me early in the Morning of the 23d Sepr 1768; kept his Guard at a Distance; shewed me the Order that he had from the Governor and Council, and told me that he must take me away if I did not consent to go voluntarily. — I told him that I did not conceive those Gentlemen had

any Right to fend me away; that I persecuted, and that they had long fh that I never thought they would ha cute their Threats. — I lent to my-about Ten Minutes there were 2,0 o assembled.

1 petitioned the Captain for a little my Books and my Wife’s CioatLs ir Chests, and he Was kind enough to Hours, but then said he could stay Safety. — I went into my Wife’s Bedch. ihe had lent her Things away, when rI one of his Sepoys, came into the Bedel) me out by the Shoulders; they marc the Streets to a Boat that was prepa which they conducted me on board a for the Purpose. — My Wife followed — In that Sloop we were conduc River, and kept Seven Days and Confinement in the Sloop, with the Cabin Door. — When the Ship Vale*. Way, we were taken out of that Slo forcibly put on board the Valentine, England.

Q. When the first Sentence of £ pronounced against you, had you an) your Crime, or was you called before th Council that pronounced it, to make ai

A. I had no Intimation whatever, noi before them.

Q. Do you remember when you r< Sentence from the Secretary of the Govt Committee ?

A. I think it was in April 1767.

Q. Did you ever know for what Reafi sent home ?

A. 1 never knew more than what wa Paper delivered me as my Sentence, aftei in April 1767.

The said Paper was then ordered t and was read as follows; viz.

An Ext rad from the Proceeding Committee, dated the 18th tfprs That Mr. IVtill am Bolts appear " Circumstances, to be deeply concern " spiracy to ruin Nobekifjen's Charade " his Life; in which Opinibn the Com " firmed, by his violent and declared " Nobekijjen, by the Share-he took in f " instigating a Prosecution against him in " Court, upon an imaginary and fal " and particularly from his taking, at " into his Service, Ramnaut, a Man w u licly convicted of Perjury, with a V " and publishing farther Asperlions up " Character.

" That Mr. Bolts having, upon this a " Occasions, endeavoured to draw an 0<

" Administration, and to promote Fat " content in the Settlement, has rer " unworthy of any farther Indulgence f " mittee, and of the Company’s Protedi

u That therefore he be directed to qi " proceed to Madrass by the First Ship " for that Presidency, in the Month of " order to take his Passage from thenc " September.

A true Extract.

(Signed)

« C. lVrB " Assistant Sec7 ScJ.

Q. Did you ever, hear of any other f what are specified in tlx* above Paper?

A. I never heard of any, excepting wrote a Letter to Mr. Gentil% acquainti

12 Geo. III. 26° M935

the Parliamentary Proceedings, which has bceti read — common, general News.

Q. Did you never hear that one Reason of your being lent away, was, your evading signing the new Covenants, Relative to receiving of Presents?

A. I never heard of any such Reason.

Q. Did you sign. the new Covenants?

A. I did not sign them myself, but I did by my Deputy, which was equally as valid, and which I always acknowledged ,to be so.

Q. Why did you hot sign them yourself?

A. Because it was my rleafure.

Q. Oid you 'ever give any- other Reason for not ’fcgning yourself ?

A. I don’t remember I ever did.

Q. Who was the Deputy that signed them for you ? A. My own Book-keeper, in my Name, and for me; ire was a Native of the Country.

- <2- Did you not give as a Reason for nbt signing the

Covenants, that you had taken an Oath you never would? -

A. if I have it will appear upon the public Records. — I believe I did;

Q. Did y6u enter into any new Contrafts or Concerns in Trade after you had resigned the Service ?

A. I did, because I had a Right to do it.

Q. Do you know any Instance of any other Person, who had resigned the Service of the Company, forced out of the Country in the Manner you was ?

A. I know of none in the civil Service of the Com* pany, but I know of several Gentlemen, who had been in the Military' Service, being seized and ordered for England} but I know of none that were seized so suddenfy, and with so much Violence as I was.

Q. Is it not usual for Civil Servants to go when they receive Notice?

A. I never knew of any such Custom-among any of the Civil Servants, though I have known many Instances *of such arbitrary Orders.

Q. Have those Orders been obeyed ?

A. Sometimes they have, and sometimes not.

Q. What is done with the Civil Servants when they do not obey ?

A. I have not known of any Civil Servants sent away by Force. — Sometimes their residing was dispensed with; but I suppose they would have been lent away if they had not gone voluntarily. ’

Q. Do you know of any Civil Servants going away when they were ordered ?

A. Yes.

Q. When did that Custom begin of ordering People to be seized and sent Home by Force ?

A. I never knew of any Instance before 1765 or 1766. Q. Did you ever know of any Civil Servants refilling to go when the Orders were not dispensed with ?

A. I don’t remember any of the Civil covenanted Servants of the Company refilling to go; but I know of several British Subjects being forced, upon such Orders, tofeek that Protection in the foreign Settlements that they could not enjoy in their own.

Q. Did you ever know of any British Subjects, covenanted or not covenanted, who continued to reside in Calcutta after ordered to quit, and that Order not difi penfed with ?

A. None in my Time; but have heard of others in former Times.

Q.What Instances have you heard of in former Times ?

A. There was a Gentleman named Cooke, and several others, whole Names I don’t recollect. — Mr. Cooke was in the Company’s Civil Service at Dacca, and, as I heard, dismissed for Embezzlement, and ordered Home by the Directors, but refilled to go, and remained in the Country; — the Governor and Council, at that Period, did not think themselves safe to execute such Orders.

Vol. 33.

Q. Were there not Orders repeatedly issued for Two £Years for- you to go away before you Was forced rfc

away ?

A. There were; but I always considered them as iller gal, and in my Cafe, as particularly void in Law, because I was an Alderman of the Mayor’s Court.

Q.Was you an Alderman of the Mayor’s Court at the Time the First Order for your Departure was issued ?

A. I -was. . 1

Q. Did you ever assign that as d Redfori to the Governor and Council for not going? 1 .

A. I never entered Upon the Legality of the Orders with the Governor and touncil — -I don’t remember I assigned that as a Reason.

Q. How long w&sitaftft you received your Sentence of Banilhmenf, that you heard the Objection against you for not signing the Covenants ? -

A. The Sentence of Banishment was’dated in April 1767; and I first heard of the otlifef Charge concerning the Covenants, in Sepr' 17.1 ‘ f.

Q. When this Charge respecting the Coveftahts was Hated against you, did you offer to Arid Security so any Person who should alledge you was 'not equally bound by the Deed of your Clerk ‘done by your Order, as if done by yourself, or to the Companyp t6 Hand any Prosecution for Receipt of Presents while you was In the Company’s Service ? ....

A.I did,

Q. Was it ever alledged by any Peribh, that you had received any Presents wlren ‘ in the Company's Service, after the Covenahts were ordered to be signed ?

A.It never was alledged against me,'either when in or

out of the Service.

Q. How long had you resigned the Service before Sepr 1768?

A. About Two Years; and I had ordered my Clerk to sign the Covenants Three Years preceding that Date.

Q. Had or had not the Governor and Council directed you to be diliniffed from the Mayor’s Court before such Charge of not signing the Covenants was suggested ?

A. They had ordered me to be dismissed.

Q. What was the Answer of the Court in consequengc of that Order?

A. That there was no legal Vacancy in the Court.

Q. How long is it customary in the East Indies to allow Civil Servants resigning the Privilege of the Company’s Duftuck?

A. Twelve Months.

If moll of the Servants, jwho went away upon being ordered, would not have naturally returned to their own Country without such Orders ?

A. I believe they would all have returned.

Q. Who were the Agents you employed in those Concerns you entered ipto &fter your Resignation ?

A. I had above 1 50, and amongst others the Two Armenians who have given Evidence, but these were only employed in collecting outstanding Debts, and disposing of Goods and Contrafts which were on Hand before my Resignation.

Q. What Settlements do you mean that several British Subjects went to, to get that Protection they were refused in their own ?

A. The French, Dutch, Portuguese, and they

employed themselves in Trade.

Q. What are their Names ?

A. One named Duffield, another Burn, another Burslem; and several others whose Names I cannot recollect.

Q^Give an Account of the Nature of Purwannahs, when they ’first took Place; and what Effects they are supposed to produce.

A. Purwannahs of the Nature of that which was

produced

East India A Sairi.

93 6 a 6° Mail. u

|l t *L i

produced to the Committee, were never thought of till Puniflmient as the Council or Comrr 1766. I, as well as all the native Merchants I ever con*- 44 proper to inflid." versed with upon it, considered it as a scandalous Regulation to monopolize Trade, as may be understood from The Committee then read a Licence the very Tenor of it, as it was explained to the Com- Bulwantfing, which was produced by M mittee. proved by Gonyfliamdafs; viz.

Q. Did it exempt from Duties ?

A. I never understood that it did.

Q. What then was the Effect of it ?

A. The Select Committee had made an Order lit Feb 1766, which was renewed in Oftr following, that none should buy or fell without these Purwannahs; and this Purwannah was to give the Committee’s Sandion for trading.

Q. What was the greatest Amount of Duties payable on the Spot, upon Goods in Bulwantfing's

Country? w

A. I know of no Duties but those which are paid «,vinccvof Ghazipore, in the Name of Upon the Transportation of Goods from one Place to Friend Gregore; that is, the Farm of another, either by Land or Water in Bulwantfing's of the said Province, for the Sum of; Country, except on Piece Goods, upon which a Duty «< the Year 1174 fuflully according to t\ or Fee called Cutwally is collected on the Spot; and «c the before-mentioned, having settled, f this Cutwally is no more than the Charge of a Tacka <* in* his Charge, it is necessary that (that is about the 25th Part of a Rupee) which the <« Sum, according to the established P; Cutwal colleds for fixing his Seal to the Corner of the <c Rabuliat, he shall pay into the Tre; Pieces all other Duties are paid upon the Transpor- easy Mind he may employ himself in tation, for which a Duftuck is requisite. " the said Salt petre Farm> please Go<

> . "no Difference in this Agreement:

Your Committee then proceeded to read the following 12QI RUpees for the Year 1174!

Extracts from the Proceedings of the Select Committee Written on the ift Shah a an fuffuih

at Bengal; held under Dates the 22d and 31st 0Bober Entered in the Seah Account Book

1766; viz. the I ft Shaba an fuflully 1174.

"Resolved, " Entered in the Dewan Duster the il

" That tn future the Trade of all Europeans what- fuflully."

" ever be confined to the Articles specified in the

" annexed Lift, and considered as Returns to, or Ex- likewise a Licence from the Cutwal,

" P0rts from, the Presidency and Factor.es; and that no Bulwantfing'% Duties, produced by Mr. < " Trade shall henceforward be earned on from one Farm of the Ophium in Ghazipore, fort " Aurung to another, or from one Part of the interior lj(>h and I?68. proved by Gomjhamdaj

" Country to another, in any of the Articles contained Agreement for the Farms of the

" this Lift, or in any other Articles whatsoever, sinar Ghazipore, that is, since the Farm on Pam of Confiscation of the Goods, to be ap- of the ab0Vesaid Sircar, for the Sum c " propnated at the Pleasure of this Committee, and «< and Three Banaras Rupees, for the v 44 Forfeiture of the Company’s Service, or of free Merchants Indentures, or Licence of the Governor and Council; according as the Trespass shall be committed by Persons in or out of the Company’s Ser- vice.

44 And it being now the Intention of this Committee to fulfil, in the most effectual Manner, the honourable Company’s Instructions respecting the Inland Trade,

44 and to remove all Cause of Disturbance and Op- pression committed in the interior Country, under M Sandion of the English Name,

" Resolved, That in future all Gomaftlhs, whether employed on Account of the Company, or of Indi-u viduals, shall strictly refrain from interfering in any Matters that may tend to interrupt the Collections, u or disturb the Business of the Government.

44 That they shall scrupulously avoid taking Cogni- zance of any Disputes or Differences they may have M with the Country People, or assuming to themselves " any Degree of judicial Authority.

44 That in all such Points of Difference and Dispute,

44 whether with respect to Trade, or otherwise, they shall " appeal first to the nearest Officer of the Government;

" and in case of Delay or llefufal of Redress from him. General Richard Smith being then call<

" they shall then lay their Complaints before Mahomed ing Questions were asked him; viz.

44 Reza Khawn, or the Resident at the Durbar, or the Q. What do you know of the Imprison Council, or Select Committee. Three Armenians, what the Cause of it,

44 That whoever shall be found deviating from the Authority they were confined ?

44 evident Meaning and Intent of this liesolution (a A. I have a Cause depending with the T 44 Copy of which will be sent to the Resident at the and yet I am willing to give the bed Ac<

44 Durbar and to Mahomed Reza Khawn) shall immedi- this Committee.

44 ately forfeit their Employments, and the Company’s Q. Do you know of any general Orde Protection, and likewise be subject to such further tions for restriding the Trade of the En$

6 >

44 Years, from the Beginning of the Yea: 44 to the End of 1176 fuflully, accordi ligation of the favourable Friend having settled and being given, it is the mentioned Sum, according to Year by Year, he shall pay, and with e< 44 to the Business of the Farm of Ophiu there shall be no Difference, and otl shall not buy it.

44 Dated the 12th of the Monti " Year 1174 fuflully."

12 Geo. III. 2o° MaiL o37

Agents, in the Provinces belonging to the King and

Sujah Doivlah ?

A. I do.

Q. Did you at any Time hear any Complaints made -of the Conduiffc of such Agents by the King, Sujah Dowlah, Bulwantfing, or others, and what were such Complaints?

si. I have; and they appear in my Letter to the Select Committee of the 3d January 1768.

The following Extract from the said Letter was then read; vtua.

" The Nabob represented to me the great Inconveni- ences which arise from the Gomaftahs and Dependants of English Gentlemen residing in his Dominions, " particularly at Garrackpoor, and in the

" Zemindary of Benaris and that he was extremely tender in exerting his Authority over any of those who even assumed the English Name, notwithstanding that these People were guilty of many Impositions and Extortions on his Subjects, as well as defrauding him of his Duties; now, as he had received repeated Assurances from the Presidericy that no private Trade should be carried on in his Dominions, so " he requelled that I would not only exert my Power to " free his Country from the Armenians and Natives of " Bengal in the Service of Individuals, but that 1 would " also represent the same to you, so that effectual Means " might be taken for their Expulsion: Sensible of the Justice of this Representation, I did not helitate to allure him, that nothing was further from the Design " or Approbation of the English Serdars; that I had heard " °ur President madeitaPbint, neithertograntDuftucks " uor Purwannahs into his Excellency’s Dominions; — " that no Consideration whatsoever could induce the " English Chiefs to fulFer the Advantages or Emoluments of individuals to be a Means of giving him the most " distant Caule of Uneasiness or Concern — I allured him of my ready Concurrence in every Measure to suppress " is growingEvil, and would represent it in theftrongefi: " Af"anner to the Committee, that effectual Measures might be taken to remove it — desired he'would apprehend all those who were guilty of any Impositions on " ovar Name, which, so far from giving Umbrage to the " English Serdars, would be esteemed a Favour conferred

"ora us. I further added, that to convince his Excellency how delirous I was to strike at the Root of this " &vil, on my Return to , it should be my

Oare that the Purwannah, he himself had granted to T/mael Beg (one of his own Subjects, for the exclusive privilege of making Saltpetre upon account of English Gentlemen, and upon Condition that hefurnished the «« Nabob With whatever Qantity he wanted at Prime Cost) should be returned, that he might be convinced " no private Advantages whatsoever could weigh with " an Englishmen, which might in the remotest Degree * assess the Public. The Nabob said, in Answer, that " he esteemed this as a fresh instance of Attention and " Regard.

" As I have been informed of these Circumstances, " not only from the Nabob, but as Rajah Bulwantjing " has also represented the late Frequency of English Duftucks and English Purwannahs, it is but too apparent, notwithstanding the Resolutions at the Prclidency, that there is an Abuse in this Matter; I do therefore moll earnestly recommend to the Committee, " that they will enter upon the most vigorous Measures " for entirely abolishing a System so fraught with pernicious Consequences, and which very System had so " lately proved almost fatal to the Company’s Welfare " in Bengal. 1 have the Honour to subscribe myself, " with great Respect,

" Gentlemen,

M Your most obedient,

" Head Quarters, near " humble Servant,

" Kterabad, the 3d Jan. 1768." " Richard Smith "

VOL.33.

Q. Do you know whether such Agents were made East Jodi© acquainted with such Orders for restraining Trade, 4^'s*

did they pay Obedience thereto ? .1 -

A. There was a' general Publication of those Orders*

I believe some Timein 1768, long after my Letter, and which will appear upon the Company’s Books. — I think the Publication was after my Return to, the Board at Calcutta in April.

Q. Did you know of CojantauI,an ,or other

Armenians, Agents for Mr. Bqlts, redding in those Distriris ? /

A. It was impossible for me to know any Gomaftahs — I don’t recoiled; I knew him particularly — there were 500 Gomaftahs.

<2- Did this Measure of restridive Orders proceed principally from the Governor and Council on Complaint of the Princes ?:

A. I may say. it originated from the Substance of my Letter abovementioned.

Q. When Sujah Dowlah desired you to inform the

Governor and Council of those Irregularities, what Answer did the Governor give ?

General Smith then read the following Extract of a Letter which he received from Mr. Vereljt; viz.

" Fort Will, 31st JanJ 1768.

"SIR* .

" I have received your Letters of the 10th and 20th " Decern?, with Returns of the Army for the Month of " November, and' of the 6th and 9th Instant, with the " Draughts of Three Surveys made in the Subah of Oud\

" as soon as the other Two you mentioned are copied, I " shall be obliged to you for them.

" It is with lbme Astonishment, as well as Concern,

" that I observe the Representations you have been " pleased to make to the Committee, in your Letter to " them of the 3d Instant, respecting the private Trade " carried on by English Gomaftahs in the Circars of " Gauzypur and Mizzapur, and other Parts of the Na-" bob Sujah al Dowlah'% Dominions; I therefore have " taken this Method to acquaint you with my Sentiments " thereon; for, notwithstanding I any at ail Times determined to preserve and support my Prerogative in " its due Extent, and to endeavour at conducting all f‘ Affairs of a public Nature to the best of my Abilities*

" upon what I esteem the most Heady, uniform, and " solid Plan, yet no Difference of Opinion, in those " Points, shall have any Sway with me, when Matters of " private Concern arc under my Consideration.

" The Orders of the Company, and the Resolutions " of the Committee are positive, that no private Trade " shall be carried on without these Provinces, and the " Penalty to those who shall disobey them, no less than Dismission from the Service; yet, it appears by your " Letter, that they arc dil'obeyed, and that too, in l'uch " a Manner, as to oblige the Nabob Sujah al Dowlah to " complain to you of the Oppressions and Extortions " of English Gomaftahs; the Truth of which was con-

u firmed by Bulwantjing.

" You have expressed your Apprehensions of Fatality " to the Company’s Possessions, unless the moll vigorous " Measures be pursued by the Committee, to annihilate " these Complaints, so fraught with' pernicious Confesequences; and informed the Committee of your " having allured Sujah al Dowlah how delirous you are " to strike at the Root of this Evil, and that it should " be your Care that the Purwannah for an exclusive Privilege to make Saltpetre on Account of the " granted to Ismael Beg, should be returned.

" Called upon, as the Committee are, in this public " Manner, were they to content themselves with only " recording your Letter upon the Face of their Proceedings, the Court of Directors might very possibly " conceive an Idea of your attentive and faithful Services at their Expence, or perhaps fee Caule to suspect " their Difinterestednels and Integrity; if, on the contrary, they second your Remonstrance with that Dc-

26° M.

fcaff India <« grec of Vigour you tell then! it should, by resolving Affairs. and punish every Aggressor, may not your

<c Name happen to (land recorded at the Head of the- Lift ? — You have particularized Ismael Bcg% should 5C they esquire by whom he has been employed, will it " not be found that he was employed by you ? — Em- " ployed, not only in carrying on a Trade prohibited by " the Company, but even to raise that Trade into a u Monopoly throughout the greatest Part of the Domi-c nions of our Friend and Ally.

" You say in your Public Letter, you have heard I c< made it a Point neither to grant Duftucks nor Pur-lt wannahs into Sujah al Dowlah's Doiminions; I " imagined you had known it was a Point established " with me, and invariably adhered to — however, Sujah al Dowlak having repeatedly written to me on this 4€ Subject, on reading your Letter I had my Answers recorded on the Committee Proceedings, as well as my " Assurance of never having granted either Duftuck or u Purvvannah beyond the Provinces since my coming lc to the Government, except for the Baggage of Officer's " going to Camp.

" However hardly you may have conceived of my <£ Conduct towards you on any Public Account, it ifc " very far from me to with you an Injury, and on the " present Occasion I am sorry you have acted in so un-<£ guarded a Manner. If any English Gentlemen have " been led to extend their Trade beyond the Provinces, ,£ and their Gomaftahs been culpable in their Conduct; *£ a Representation thereof to me should immediately " have removed every Cause of Complaint, and a private Reprchension eorre&ed the Indiscretion of the f* Offenders; but your Accusation being public and €C general, those who have transgressed, mud abide by the Consequences. -> - ' ’ — - -

" Being sensible that the Emoluments of your Office *£ are inadequate to your Station, you fft&y remember I " recommended your entering into Trade, which you " might engage some of your Friends to manage fot " you; how far you have declared your Concern herein " I know not, but it has been Matter of general Com-u plaint, that the Attention of most of the Officers of u the Army has, of late, been taken up with commercial " Matters more than is confident with their Duty; and " when represended upon this Head, they have not w scrupled to quote the Example of the commanding " Officer. As th6 very Being of the Company, in th£ " present Posture of Affairs, depends in great Measure IC upon the State of our Army, 1 with to fee a Stop put £C to a Practice which may be productive, if differed to u go on, of such dangerous Consequences* I would " very gladly promote the Interest of the Army by all " proper and reasonable Means, but not at the Expence " of the Service.

" It is probable you may suppose I have expressed " myself with a Degree of Freedom in some Parts of

this Letter; but as it is obvious that my Intentions " are altogether friendly, I hope you will do me the " Justice to believe me with great Regard.

(Signed)

" H. Verelji."

Read — alfd the following ExtraCls from a Letter written by Colonel Richard Smith, in Answer to the President Mr. VerclJl^ as produced by the Colonel; dated Head Quarters, at Meer Abfell's Gardens near Patna, the 8 Feb* 1768} viz.

" S I R,

u I have this Day received your Letter of the 31st u/t. u The Freedom with which you have expressed your " Sentiments, may be very readily admitted, since you cc profess your Intentions to be altogether friendly; I " hope you will, in my Turn, indulge me with the same " Liberty, since I shall deliver my Thoughts with an fC equal Degree of Sincerity.

" Marvel not, Sir. at my Representations to the Select

" Committee concerning the Prefect " Trade in Sujah Dowlah's Dominions " is high Time to remedy thefeGrievan " plaints of Oppression had been ma< " insufferable; had I been treated by ] " due to my Rank and Character, you 1 " particularly advised of this and eve u Circumstance that came tp my Kno " cumftanced as I have been, it became 48 to confine my Correspondence to th< c< will account for my not writing you " on this Subject.

of I am concerned you should expr< C£ fition, 4 That should the Committ( 44 selves with only recording my Lette <£ their Proceedings* the Court of Dire< 44 conceive an Idea of my attentive an< " at the Expence of the Committee, p:fentations fee Cause to suspect their and Integrity.'

I £onld wish Mr. V\ref/h and all te lieve that I am abovje aiming at Ap 44 pence of other Men; for I thipk Conduct will secure to me that Sha; " it may hereafter appear to have deli the Committee so strenuously, from they would enter into such effectua f£ eradicate this growing Evil, and he " convinced! have not painted thisGi 44 Colours than the Occasion require* 44 You are pleased to write me*/ I 44 of general Complaint, that the At " the Officers of the Army has of k 44 with commercial Matters more tha: 44 their Duty, and when represend they have not scrupled to quote tl commanding Officer/ I could w 44 from whence these general Com made: A general Accusation will unsupported.by Proofs; the Condi <£ of that Part of the Army, which 1immediate Inspection* does not cRefledlion. and the excellent State the bed Proof of my Assertion; an £< which I have lately made of my I 44 few Sepoys remaining here of the { 44 clearly appears to me that there h2 <£ Diligence in the commanding Offi< " tion in those of an inferior Station u cers on the Purgunnah Establishmenthey conduct themselves: They r £< military Superior whatsoever. Th £< of the Company depends in greatState of the Army, is most certain \ " the present State of it will hereaft* £< mean time, if you will be pleased <£ who have neglected their Duty fro t( commercial Affairs, or even those " anywise concerned in a mercantile t£ sure you of my bed Endeavours toPractice, which I by no Means apHow far, and by what Inducem of Commerce I will now relate — Yo when 1 was sworn a Member of <c Duftuck Oath was tendered to me £C mult remember I then declined taJ £ cause I never had, nor ever intend £< commercial Schemes, as I consider< " incompatible with my Profeftion; < " also remember that soon after this £f served to me (and I will suppose w f£ Intention) that you thought I wtup the greatest, and indeed only /new Appointment: I observed, thlee any Commerce whatsoever car £< cers of the Army; and, although 1 1

V

jra Geo. III. A6 Maitf 93#

Privilege of a Duftuck, yet I did not chuse to set the Example; you replied, that General had been

concerned in Trade, which was carried on by yourself " (I-think you mentioned, butam not certain) or others on his Account, and that you advised me to be con-« cerned with Mr. Russell, who would transiud these " Affairs for me.

" I thanked you for your Advice, and laid I "would consider of it; v I reflected that my Predecessorhad " received large Emoluments from his Station, perhaps £.30,000. for Two Years, that the Company’s Orders had taken away the only Emolument which I could " expert to receive in their Service, and thereby reduced " all nay Appointments to the scanty Pittance of 700l.

" per dnmmxbcfides defraying, my. Field Expepces;

‘f that neither the Company at Home, nor Lord Clive Abroad, had made the least Provision for the Copi-V. ittander in Chief of the Forces. Thys situated, I thought I might endeavour^ with some Degree of <£ Propriety, to encrease my Capital by a'cotntpercial 7 System; carried on fiy a Friend, who was a Member " of the Board, and who was fo" obliging as to take that;

" Trouble for me: Of this you was informed* fknd loon after I took the Duftuck Oath;t here-the^ is 7 explained the Causes and Motives. which induced me to pngage in Commerce; and now, you nre to be jp-a " formed how far I have engaged in it.. — Our first Essay.

®* was in the Purchase of your Share of the Cargoes of " Cotton from Surat, at an Advance of Fifty thou land " Rupees upon the Prime Cost, by whrch furebafe you *r will do me the Justice to say I have not gaiped any v Advantage. My second Adventure was of sundry " Articles exported by the Company, and bought at 7 their Sa|es, for which your Duftuck was grafted to 4‘ the Limits of the Provinces; these Articles were fold " ill any Months since, but not before 1 discovered that " this commercial System, ifpurfued, would ingross too " much of my Time from more important Occupations;

" I therefore dropped all Thoughts of prosecuting. the " F*lan; and, as 1 had several Gentlemen of my Family who liad merited well, both from the Public and from me. Gentlemen whom I wished to serve, but wanted 7 ztny other Means erf doing it} amongst them I divided the Profits of this Adventure, as Ipurpose doing'by " whatever Emolument may arise from the Advance of 3.5,000 Rupees made on my Account at the Aurungs in Bengal.

* It only remains for me to treat of my third and, *« 1 aft Attempt, the Saltpetre Concern — You must re-« member that this Article of Commerce was mentioned to you, both by Mr. Ru and me, when I was at Calcutta; you so far approved the Scheme, that at the Desire of Mr. RuJJ'ell you wrote a Letter to Sujah " Dow/a/t, to request he would grant that Gentleman’s

" Gomaftah the exclusive Privilege of purchasing Salt-« petre in his Dominions. — This Letter' Mr. RuJJ'ell inclosed to me; I received it at , when on

« my Journey to Allahabad j and when the Nabob paid " me a Yilit on my Arrival there, I delivered to hfin your Letter, and seconded your Request; at that Time nothing was settled, but the Nabob desired " Ismael Beg to attend him to , for the Ad-

justment of this Matter. Some time after a Pur-wannah was granred to him, for an exclusive Privilege of making Saltpetre throughout the Nabob’s " Dominions, upon Condition that he supplied the «« Nabob with whatever Quantity he required at Prime Cofi.; and as IJ'mael Beg was recommended to this " Employment by me, you may suppose that Mr.

" Russell and myself would have had the Refusal of " 'Whatever Quantity was made, above that which the " Nabob should require for his own Use, and this to be " delivered at the CarumnaJJak.

"In consequence of this Purwannah, Ismael Beg began to make his Engagements for the manufacturing of Saltpetre after the Rains should have lubfided, Vol. 33.

" but in the Interjrp arose those Suspicions of the Du- , East India " plicityof SiyahDowla/Js Cpndud: The bare Ppffibilit-y Affairs, " of his meditating Hostilities gave me the Alarpi for " being, convinced fiow faithfully, we liad fulfilled our " Engagements, to him,.^nd refleding, fhaf qs he could " have no just Ground to alledge for a Rupture with us,

" he mufttherefore seek a Pretext to give fotpe Colour.

" ing to his own Corafod,. and it was not impossible but " that; fqch a Man might represent to the World, this " Purwannah, whiefi was his own free Grant, ft) have " been obtained from him by improper Solicitation; no " fboner did this Spggeftion strike me, but I {lefired " Ismael Beg to fofpepft the Commencement of his " Manufodure , and wbqn T visited the Nabob, you " already know that: a^finfj. Stop was put so this Affair*

<c I have only to add; that I do not know of any Saltpetre having been made, under the Sand.ion of this " Purwannah, and I can,; affirm, that not a fingie Par-

7 tide* has been received — Here, Sir, iadbe History of if]lfthae( Beg, and the.Saltpetre Purwanqafi..

; And now, fiir, I cannot avoid testifying my extreqie .^urprize at your Query — ‘ If, on the contrary,

" they fecopd your Remonstrance with that Degree of <c Vigour you tell them it should, by resolvirg to detect ‘‘ and punish every Aggressor, may not your Name " happen to, stand recorded at the Head of the Lift ?’

" Upon what Part of ray Conduct, Sir, can you foundsuch a Question ? Wherein have I acted differently tf from you-? Could I conceive the purchasing of Saltpetre inf Sujah DowlaK'% Dominions to be funda*

" mentally wrong, when you yourself wrote to Stjak ‘‘ Dowlak, in favour of Mr. RuJJ'ell'% Gomaftah? Could " I conceive it to be a prohibited Commerce, when you " yourself encouraged it ? Could I imagine it contrary to the Regulation of the Select Committee, when ‘f you, who presided in that Committee, made use of " your Influence to introduce it ? (

"I little expected that you. Sir, would have been the " Person to- suggest that Ismael Beg was employed, torail'e the Saltpetre Trade into a Monopoly throughout the greatest Part of the Nabob’s Dominions; had-7 Ismael Beg, in consequence of the Nabob’s Grant,

" been the only; Manufacturer of Saltpetre in his" Territories, fie -would liqye enjoyed that Privilege,

" by the Permission of him, who alone had the Right " to'grant it.

" That you never granted Duftucks into the Nabob’s " Dominions I most sincerely believe, but I cannot " conceive how it could remain unknown to you that " they were granted by others; for I think there is an " express Order of the Committee, that all Duftucks or 7 Purwannahs shall be registered, and Monthly Returns " made from the several Factories to the Custom House " at Calcutta; and the smallest Reference to those

" Records would Lave shewn you, that Duftucks had " been frequently granted from Patna and Muxadavad,

" for every Species of Merchandize into the Nabob " SujahDozvlah'% Country.

" Sensible that my Representations to the Board of " the 3d ultimo was made upon the most mature De*

" liberation, and confident that no one Action of mine " stands in need p£ Concealment, however friendly may " be your Expresslons of Concern upon a Supposition ‘‘ that I have ailed in an unguarded Manner, I cannot

" admit of their Prooriety, since I fee no Cause" fof " their Application. And in regard to your Declaration, that no Difference of Opinion in public Affairs " should have any Sway, with you when Matters of a " private Concern are. under your Consideration,’ I can " only say, that it is a worthy Sentiment, but it cannot have the lmalleft Reference to ir.e, as it is impossible " for you, as Governor of this Settlement, with Propriety, to countenance, or for me, as Commander in " Chief, with Consistency, to be connected in any " Transaction which requires Privacy on my Part, or " Connivance on yours.

" How

94o

26° Mail.

Kail India . Affairs.

ft

*' I-Jbw far I have ever engaged in mercantile Affairs you* have been fully informed; and as I am above w palliating an Error in Judgment, I will frankly con-,c fess to you that it is the only Part of my Conduct which I canhot approve upon Reflection; not that " I had any Cause whatsoever to judge this Transaction " deserving of Cenlure in kself, but for an Example it " displays to others, who might not reflect, that my c being a Member of the Council' admitted me to Privileges no other Military Mail could enjoy. — It is " now Sixteen Years since I bore a Military Commission u in this Service, and where is the Man Who Can say u I ever had a commercial Concern, until it was fug-cc gefted to me by you ? I was, however, soon con-<c vinced of my Error, and as soon I renounced all " Thoughts of increasing my fortune on mercantile " Principles; and Sir, I dare appeal to you, and to " the whole World, whether I have manifested the least t% Avidity for Wealth j but, on the contrary, the Oppor- tunities I have bad of acquiring a very large Fortune " arc notoriously known: It is equally known, that I " have not availed myself in the smallest Degree of those " Opportunities, but have preferred Mediocrity and an " unblemished Reputation.

The Time is now approaching when you will be " fully informed what Opinion I have conceived of your Conduct towards me*1 — My Letter of Yesterday’s " Date to the Sclect Committee, requested their Per-u million for me to return to the Presidency, that I 4< might prepare for my Embarkation to Europe. — " When cool Reflection shall banish hasty Prejudice, " when Jealousies and Suspicions can no longer be entertained, then perhaps it may appear that you have judged of me and my Actions through a false " Medium, and conducted vourself accordingly. How Ai much I endeavoured to obtain your Confidence I will " freely acknowledge, and it was because I could foresee u that the Welfare of the Company was very nearly in-u terested in a good Understanding between the Gover-14 nor and Commander in Chief; and the Events of the " last Year have justified my Opinion. How well you " have adhered to the Declarations you made to me in <c Person, will appear hereafter; in the mean time I " have an Honour to profess myself, with great Respect,

(Signed) " Rd Smith."

Q. Did Sujah Dozvlah issue the Orders for the Re^* moval of the Armenian Gomaftahs itl general from his Dominions ?

A. The Orders were issued by the Select Committee; but some Months prior to those Orders Sujah Dowlah had applied for a Guard to take up some People at Banaras, as appears by a Letter from Capt" Harper of the 6th ‘January 1768; as follows:

" To Col. Richard Smith, Commander in Chief of " the Forces.

"Sir,

" The Nabob Snjali Dozvlah has applied to me for a " Guard to apprehend some People at Banaras, who, " under Pretence of being Servants to English Gentlemen, are committing all Manner of Disturbances. I " have not complied with his Excellency’s Request, and " wait your Orders to know whether I may fend the tC Guard he desires, or not. I have the Honour to be, *c with great Respefl,

" Sir,

" Your most obedient,

of Camp near Fyfabad, u Humble Servant,

" the 6 January 1768." (Signed)

" Gabriel Harper"

Q. Who were those Gentlemen ?

A. There were so many I cannot particularize them.

Q. Did Sujah Dowlah make any Re you against the Gomaflahs of the E January 1768 ?

A. I think that is the first: Representt Dowlah made to me in Person, but nc Bulwantfing made.

Q. What was the Date of Bulwantfi fentafion to you ?

A. I cannot charge tny Memory Date — they were made in Person, and but not in Writing.

r m L/ |

Q. Did you acquaimt the Governor an those Representations of Bulwantfing >

A. I endeavoured to remedy them mander in Chief of that Province. — I any Representation to the Council pri January.

Q. Do you know of any Mal-pfadlic< Cogee Greg ore or Cogee Rafael?

A. I dort’tf know them personally.

Q. Had you ever any Representatio byr Name ?

A. Many.

Q. Please to state them.

A. Representations from Bulwautfvig: from Sujah Dowlah, that they carried 0 in that Country without any Kind of I no Duties, and without Obedience 1 Government.

Q-. Were the Representations in Wr

A. Not in Writing.

Q. Was Buhvanting’s Representatio and Cogee Gregore by Name ?

A. I cannot particularly recoiled, member the Name of Rafael, but b comprehended in the general Compl , Armenians. — I knew them more by tl Bolts's Gomaftahs than by any other Ni Gomaftahs were particularly Specified.

Q. Do you recollect the Names of a Gomaftahs ?

A. No.

Q. Was this Conversation with £ you went up to Illahabad ?

A. The first Time was in 1767 — t after.

Do you know by whom the Viz Coined, and what was the Alloy ?

A. I never had any thing to do with

Q. In what Coin was the Mogul’s 5

A. I will answer that when the Ma the Committee.

Q. Did you ever receive a Letter f son, Resident at the Durbar, particula Armenians ?

A. I never had any Correspondenc he was Resident.

Q. Did you know Mr. Gentil f

A. I did — he was a Frenchman, > Subsistence from Sujah Dowlah — I app there to acquire Intelligence of the ments; he was much in his Favour, 1 no oltenfible Office.

Q. Do you know of a Letter from ' Gentil, which you transmitted to tb Calcutta ?

A. A Copy of it was Sent to me, an< so extraordinary a Nature, that I look indispensable Duty to transmit it to t afterwards I obtained the Original, \* mitted to the Committee.

Q. Do you know of any Renunciat Article of the Treaty with Sujah Dou Freedom in Trade ?

A. I believe I do — I understood ths

rs Geo. III. 26°

Clive gave it up to Sujah Dowlah — I have it only from Hearsay.

Mercurii, 13® die 1772.

Col. Burgoyne in the Chjur; Present,

Nr. Johnfione., Sir Turner, Nr. Fuller, Mr.

Tvlr. Strachey, Mr. Sutton,

Tvlr. Rice, Mr. Ongley,

Sir fVm. Meredith, Mr. Cornwall.

Mr. Bolts produced Nine Purwannahs granted him by SujahXlvmlah, relative to Salt Petre, which were-

proved t>y Gonyjhamdafs, who laid they were exactly the faaie in Subllance, only directed to different People.

lft, To Futteh Ally Khawn.

2d, — Rajah Buhvantjing.

3d, — Go/aum Hufon Khawn.

4th, — Roy Deendayal.

5th, — - Rajah Bowanyjing.

6th, — Noor Mahomed Beg Khawn Bahadr.

7 th, — Heydarbeg Khan Bahadr.

8th, — Ray Kerpada)al.

9th, — A ly Beg Khan Bahadr.

1 he Purport of the Purwannahs was translated and read as follows:

" To the High in Dignity, beloved and powerful " Meer Futteh Ally Khawn Bahadr, be he protected. " Upon the Arrival of this Purwannah, the Sum of " 3000 Rupees, from yourself having given to the " Salt Petre Makers, and having got the Salt Petre made ready and delivered to the Gomaftah

" of Mr. Bolls, and having taken a Receipt from him, " fend it to my Presence. Next Time the said Sum,' " according to the Receipt, and this Purwannah shall ‘ be credited in the Account of your Farm.

" Written on the 28 of the Month Zilkaad, 1180th " Tear of the Higerak. (Decent 1767.)

(Signed)

" Bayer.’* The Nabob’s Seal. (Signed)

" It is seen."

JjTohannes Padre Rafael being then questioned, declared — that he never was in the Territories of Jin^ a Gomaftah — that he had not fold anything in the Year 1767 for Mr. Bolts at Fyfabad, where he was a Servant to Sujah Dozvlah, and had 3600 Rupees a "Y ear.

GregoreCojamaul likewise being questioned, declared, he never was at Sujah Court — never was

aV>ove Banaras; and that is 120 Miles from

Fyfabad.

General Smith.

Q From your Knowledge of the Country, are you of Opinion that the general Orders for recalling the Gomaftahs of the EngliJJ) were proper or necessary ?

A. The Representation that I made to the Council upon the 3d January 1768, is very strong, and very pointed to that Purpose — 1 thought it absolutely ne-celfary to rcca! them.

Q. Was Capt" Harper one of those among whom you said you distributed your Profits of Trade i

A. Capt" Harper had served me as an Aid de Camp and Secretary for Two Years, and he was one of those to whom the Distribution was made.

The Committee then read Part of the Proceedings of the Governor and Council at Bengal, at a Confutation held the 3d May 1 764; as follows:

The Board drew up the following general Opinion.

" Every Method has been tried fer carrying on the " Inland Trade upon such a Footing as to prevent " Disputes between our Agents and the Country Government, or between one Agent and another; and " for deciding, in a just and reasonable Manner, such VOL. 33.

Mail. 941

f‘ as might unavoidably happen. Having experienced East India " the Obstructions to which that Trade would be liable A " if the Officers of the Country Government were admitted to any Authority over the Agents, it

was refblved in Consultation the 5th March 1763,.

" that the Chief of the nearest English Factory should kt finally determine all such Disputes, and as the Rungpore, Dinagepore, and adjacent Districts, where a very " considerable Part of this Inland Trade centers, appeared to be too far removed from any of our Fasto-.

" ries to admit of such Enquiry being made in a satis-.,

" fadlory and accurate Manner; for this Reason,

" principally, it was agreed, that a Senior Servant " should be appointed to reside at Rungpore, who " should have Power to hear and determine all Disputes.

" No sooner is this Resolution carried into Practice,

" than some of the En%lish Agents complain as loudly " of Injuries suffered from the Authority of the English)

Resident, as they did before of the Nabob’s Government.

" Shall there then be no Government, no Restraint " upon those Excesses, which either Ignorance, Passion,

" or Self-interest, may lead an English Agent to com- '

" mit in the Country ? This is really the same at present; and although it is very certain that some of the Gentlemen employed are of unexceptionable Character, and whose good Behaviour might be depended " on, yet many there are of a contrary Disposition,

" but there need not many Arguments to prove, that " both the good and the bad should be under foine " Law; yet if We examine the same of the English Agents " up the Country, we shall find they are under none.

" Our Charter does not authorize our Courts to take " Cognizance of any Crimes they might commit in *e these Parts; and it has been laid down as a fundamental Principle, that the Country Government shall " have no Power of them.

" We need not look further for the Root of that " Licentioufhefs which has produced such innumerable " Complaints from the Country Government, and the " Inhabitants in those Parts where European Agents " have been sent: It can now no longer be doubted,

" that many of those Complaints have been wellgrounded, particularly in the Article of felling " Goods by Force for more than the current Market " Price: A Practice called in this Country Barja, or " Guchavut.

" All the Power we can give the Chiefs of our " Factories over these Agents will be very insufficient " to remedy this Disorder, since we have in Reality " none ourselves; and therefore, disagreeable as it is to " deprive so many of our Nation of the Benefits they

now receive, by being employed as Agents in the " Country, yet it seems an unavoidable Necessity, and " for the fake of the public Tranquillity and Welfare " must be adopted, and the Trade carried on for the " future by Black. Gomaftahs, who may be tried and " punished by our Court of Zemindary, if they commit anyExcelfes or A&soflnjustice; and that Power " delegated, as far as shall appear necessary, to the " Chiefs of the Subordinate Factories.

" It will be objected by those concerned in the Inland " Trade, that Gomaftahs will be liable to be oppressed " by the Country Government, who have taken, and " will take, every Opportunity of restraining us from " that Trade which they regard as an Innovation; this " Objection we believe is very just, and we shall expect that many Difficulties will be found in the Beginning in carrying on this Trade by Gomaftahs, but " these we think may be lurmounted by proper Application to the Nabob and his Officers; and, upon the " Whole.are of Opinion, that all private Inconveniences " must be submitted to, even the Rilque ot being errtircly deprived of the Trade, rather than suffer the 11 G " Inhabitant

East India Aiftirs.

94

2 6'

Mail.

A

u Inhabitants of thfc Country to be oppressed by an Abuse of the English Name.

44 It is therefore the Opinion of the Board, and re- solved, that all the European, Portugttefe Natives, and Armenian Agents, which are now up the Country,

44 shall have Notice given them to settle their Concerns,

" so as to return to Calcutta by the 30th November next,

44 and that after that Time no European shall be per- mitted to go up the Country under any Pretence whatsoever, or any other Agents be employed in our w Trade but Natives."

The Committee also read the following Paragraphs of a Letter from the Court of Directors to their President and Council in Bengal, dated the 8th February 1764; viz.

Parag. 20. " One grand Source of the Disputes, Mif- understandings, and Difficulties, which have occurred with the Country Government, appears evidently to have taken its Rife from the unwarrantable and li- centious Manner of carrying on the private Trade by the Company’s Servants, their Gomaftahs, Agents,

" and others, to the Prejudice of the Soubah, both with u respect to his Authority and the Revenues justly due to him; the diverting and taking from his natural " Subjects the Trade in the inland Parts of the Country,

44 to which neither we or any Persons whatsoever de- pendant upon us, or under our Protection, have any " Manner of Right, and consequently endangering the Company’s very valuable Privileges. In order there- fore to remedy all these Disorders, we do hereby po- fitively order and direct,"

Parag. 21. 44 That from the Receipt of this Letter,

44 a final and effectual End be forthwith put to the inland Trade in Salt, Beetle-nut, Tobacco, and in all other Articles whatsoever produced and consumed in the Country; and that all European and other Agents or Gomaftahs, who have been concerned in such Trade, be immediately ordered down to Calcutta, 44 and not iuffered to return or be replaced as such by any other Persons."

Parag. 22d. 44 That as our Phirmaund Privileges

44 of being Duty free, are certainly confined to the Company’s Export and Import Trade only, you are to have Recourse to, and keep within, the Liberty there- in stipulated and given, as nearly as possibly can be done; but as by the Connivance of the Bengal Government and constant Usage, the Company’s Co- venant Servants have had the same Benefit as the Company, with respect to their Export and Import Trade, we are willing the y should enjoy the fame, 44 and that Duftucks be granted accordingly; but herein the most effectual Care is to be taken that no Excesses or Abuses are suffered upon any Account whatsoever, nor Duftucks granted to any others than our Covenant Servants as aforesaid. However, notwithstanding any of our former Orders, no Writer is to have the Benefit of a Duftuck until he has served out his full Time of Five Years in that Station; free Merchants and others are not entitled to, or to have the Benefit of, the Company’s Duftucks, but are to pay the usual Duties."

Parag. 23d. 44 As no Agents or Gomaftahs are to

44 reside on Account of private Trade at any of the In- land Parts of the Country, all Business on Account of licensed private Trade, is to be carried on by and through the Means of the Company’s Covenant Ser- vants resident at the several subordinate Factories, as has been usual."

Parag. 24th. 44 We are under the Necessity of giving the before-going Orders, in order to preserve the Tranquillity of the Country, and Harmony with the Nabob, they are rather Outlines than complete Di- regions, which you are to add to, and improve upon, * agreeable to the Spirit of, and our Meaning in them, 44 as may be necessary to answer the desired Purpose®:

, ’ 1 . \

44' And, if any Person or Persons are gu

44 travention of them, be they whomsoc\

44 if our own Servants, they are to be

44 Service; if others, the Company’s Prol

(t withdrawn, and you have the Liberty 0

44 forthwith to England, if you judge the

44 Offence requires it."

Read also the following Paragraphs General Letter from the Court of D East India Company to their President Bengal, dated the 24th December 1765;

Parag. 10th. 44 Your Deliberations

44 Trade have laid open to us a Scene Oppression, which is indeed exhibited the 13th Article of the Nabob’s C01 44 tioned thus in your Confutation of tl 44 1764. 4 The Poor of this Country, w

44 to deal in Salt, Beetle-nut, and Tol deprived.of (heir daily Bread by th< 44 Europeans, whereby no kind of Ad van the Company, and the Government*! 44 greatly injured.’ We shall for the pi you, that every one of our Servant this Trade, has been guilty of a Bn 44 venants, and & Disobedience to our O 44 Confutations of the 3d of May, > 44 the various Extortionate Praticcis, th " dinary one of Buijaut, or forcing the Goods beyond the Market Price, v 44 acknowledge to have been frequently

Parag. nth. 44 In your Resolution 1 44 Practice, you determine to forbid it,

44 Care and Discretion as not to affect Investment, as you do not mean t 44 Right derived to the Company from tl which they have always held over As the Company are known to pu veftiuent by ready Money only, we re planation ho^V this can affect them, 44 Could have been practised in the I 44 Investment, which the latter Part Minute, entered on Consultation the insinuates; for it would almoftjuf that the Goods of our Servants ha to the Weavers, in Part Payment of Investment; therefore we direct yoi Scrutiny into this Affair, that we ma our Servants, or those employed under guilty of such a Breach of Trust, t 44 and all the Circumstances may be k

Parag. 12. 44 We also order you to

44 ticular Instances which have confin Opinion, that the Burjaut has bee we may know whole Agents they wc the Agents who practised it, were cc protected in it by their Masters."

Parag. 13th. 44 Mr. John Jtone's Mil tion the 21st July 1764, cannot eft wherein he fays, 1 The Support of th( 44 Privileges, in their full Extent, aga tion of the late Nabob, engaged us War; and after so many valuable Defence of them, I shall ever be aga them, or hazarding the Loss ot then and better Cause than has yet appea we have found by Experience, that dies arc in vain."

Parag. 14. 44 As the Privileges h<

44 pally relate to the unwarranted Inlan our own Servants have been so gc greatly to the Prejudice of the Comj their Affairs in Distrcffes and Diflic feftly injurious to the Country Govt everyone of you cannot but be f 44 say, we cannot avoid taking Notic

12 Geo. III.

Mail

943

a

" nion, as by it Mr. Johnstone (ecms to persevere in all «< Events to prefer the private Interest of Individuals to the general Good, so far as respects the said Inlanci Trade. — If Mr. Jnhnstone continues in these Sen-u timents, as from the general Tenor of his Conduct we have too much licafon to apprehend, he cannot but be looked upon as a dangerous Servant; therefore, if he, or any other Person shall persist in carrying on a Trade, which, as before observed, has beenat-tended with so many bad Consequences, we would <4 have him or them dismissed the Company’s Ser- vice.*’

Parag. 15. " We shall say nothing further at present on the Inland Trade, til! that important Subject shall have been taken up by Lord Ctive, and the Gentle- men of the.Select Committee -y only to observe, that the Regulation proposed in Consultation 17th October 44 1764, of confining the Trade of our Servants in the " Article of Salt, to the capital Cities of Patnd, Dacca, 44 and Murfnedabad\ on paying the Nabob Two and a <c Halfp^r Cent, is a maniieil Disobedience of our Or-<c ders of' the 8th February, then under your Deiibera- tion, which positively forbid all Trade in Salt, Beetle- nut, and Tobacco; nor does it by any Means obviate the Oblivions arising from the Distress of the Poor* 44 and the Injury to his Revenues; for, if you pay only Two and a Half per Cent, and the Country People Twenty, or perhaps Forty per Cent. it is as much a 44 Monopoly as ever.

Parag. 16. 44 For other licensed Trade, we think it €C necessary to establish, that all Trade to be carried on " within the Provinces where Factories are established, " shall be carried on by our Servants at such Factories, cc and their Agents only, who shall transact the Business of our other Servants, on receiving the established " Commission; and on any Retufal to accept such Comtuifilon, or any Tendency to monopolize, the Ser* " vatits at Calcutta, or other Parts, are at Liberty to " fer»d their own Black Gomaftahs, who are nevertheless " to be accountable for their Conduct to the Com* " pany’s Servants within whose Jurisdiction they reside.

"---- All Districts not comprehended within the Juris*

" d.i<Stion of each Subordinate, shall be considered as " within the Jurisdiction of the Board of Calcutta. — " 'That no Dufluck shall be given but for Articles of Import and Export, as was formerly practised, and «» you axe to fend us a List of whatever falls under this Denomination."

"Read also. Part of the Proceedings of the President and Select Committee at Bengal, of the nth May 1765,

viz.

" The Select Committee, observing with Regret the «« Contempt shewn for the positive and repeated Orders «< of the Governor and Council for recalling free Merchants residing up the Country 1

" Resolve, That the former Orders on that Head be now enforced, and Letters dispatched to the Chiefs " of the several Subordinates, requiring them at the " Expiration of One Month after Notice given, to convey in Safety to Calcutta, all who refute to comply with a Measure so salutary to the Company, and necessary to the Peace and good Order of the Country.

" Being informed also, that a great Number of Europeans. Stragglers from Ships, and others, who have " no Claim from Indentures to any Share of the Company’s Countenance or Protection, are variously employed up the Country, and dispersed all over the " Nabob’s Dominions, to the great Prejudice of the " Company, and Molestation of the Natives;

" Resolved, They be immediately secured and brought to Calcutta.

" The Committee finding some Difficulty in procuring an exact Account of the Names of such Eu~ " ropeans;

VOL. 33.

cc

a

u

u

Agreed, That the Chiefs of the fybordinate Fac-.1^.^^*-tories be made acquainted with the Resolutions of the . a Committee, and required to transmit, without Delays the most accurate Lifts in their Power of ali Europeans not immediately in the Company’s Service, who reside in or about their respective Districts."

Read also the following Resolution of the Governor and Council of Bengal, at a Consultation held the 20th May 1.765, viz.

" Agreed and ordered, in consequence of the Pro-,

ceedings of the Committee laid before the Board Iaft " Council Daj', that public Advertisements be made,

" enforcing our Orders already given for the Return " of the Er.glish, Port'uguefe, and Armenian, Agents*

employed in the different Parts of the Country, tb " the Presidency, and requiring all whoever most ftri^tly " to arrive by the First of August, and their Constituentsto givctJhem due Notice accordingly."

Read also a Letter from the Select Committee of Bengal, dated the 26th July 1765, accompanying an Advertisement as transmitted to Dacca, and the rest 0£ the Subordinates, as tallows; viz.

" To John Cartier, Esquire, Chief at Dacca.

" SI R>

" I am directed by the Right honourable the President and the Members of the Select Committee, to " request that you will order the iccompanying Ad.-.

" vertisement to be circulated among the several free " Merchants and other Europeans, residing in and about " Dacca, as far as the Influence of the Government " and Factory extends, and that you will procure the " most exact Account in your Power of their Names " and Places of Abode, which you will please to (ransmit to the Select Committee before the Expiration of " the Time specified in the Advertisement. I have the " Honour to be,

" SIR,

" Your most obedient humble Servant,

(Signed)

Fort William, " Campbell.

" the 26th July 1765." " S. S. C."

" By Order of the Right honourable the President " and the Members of the Select Committee.

" Public Notice is hereby given, that the Liberty of residing up the Country, lately granted to free Merchants and others, for collecting and finally settling their Concerns, will positively cease, and the Company’s Protection be wholly withdrawn on the 21st Day of October next, it being the absolute Determination of the Select Committee, not to extend their Indulgence beyond that.Period, nor to suffer any Violation of the Company’s repeated Orders for recalling free Merchants, Z£c.

" It is therefore to be hoped that such public and early Advertisement of the Intentions of the Committee will prevent all Persons concerned ftom incurring the evil Consequences that may ensue to them and their Constituents from a Difrcgard to this actual Repeal of the Company’s Protection, or fromare-fradtory Behaviour and positive Act of Disobedience to the honourable Court of Directors.

" Fort William, the 26th July 1765."

Read also a Letter to the Secretary of the Selfedt Committee from Mr. Francis Hare, as follows; viz.

" To Alexander Campbell, Esquire, Secretary to the " Select Committee;

"SIR,

" In Consequence of your Favour of the 26th timo, 1 cauled the Advertisement you enclosed to "'be circulated amongst the free Merchants residing

in

CC

cc

<c

CC

CC

CC

CC

CC

CC

'CC

CC

CC

Cf

CC

944 26° —

i »^ i >

East India in and its Districts, whose Names are as fol-

Affairs. „ 1qw.

" Mefiieurs Bryan Scotney,

Joseph Hare,

Alexander Jephfon,

William Hutchinson,

John Hutchinson,

George Lear,

----- Barrow.

" Mr. P<r/<?r Rare> who is in my Employ at a Place called Boggi, under the Subahdary of Patna, has also received Notice to repair to Calcutta Within the Time " limited by the Committee.

" lam, Sir,

" Your most obedient Servant, (Signed)

x‘ Patna, August 27th 1765." " Francis Hare''

The Committee then read Part of the Proceedings of the Seletft Committee in Bengal, dated the 5th October 1765, as follows:

" Observing that our Orders to the Chiefs of the " Subordinates to fend Lifts to the Committee of all " Europeans redding within their several Districts, who €< are not in the Company’s Service, have been negIcCted;

" Resolved, That we now repeat the above Orders, " requiring them positively not only to fend the most " accurate Lifts in their Power, but the Persons them-<c selves to Calcutta, by the 21st Instant, at which Time " the Company’s Protection will absolutely cease, and " they must stand to all the Consequences of being left

t( entirely in the Power of the Country Government."

Read also the following Letter from A. W. Senior, to the President and Select Committee, dated at CoJJimbu-zar, the 23d 061. 1765, viz.

0 " To the Right honourable Lord Clive, President, is.fc. Members Select Committee.

" My Lord, and Gentlemen,

" I have been favoured with your Letter of the yth Instant, and shall pay due Attention to the Orders <€ therein contained.

" I should have immediately complied with your former Directions by fending down a List of the <£ Europeans and other Merchants under our Protection 4C redding within these Districts, but was not able to " procure an exact one; however I have now enclosed " a List of such as have come to my Knowledge, and <c who have all had timely Notice given of your Or-" ders: Beddes these there are many Europeans, as well <c as Portuguese and Armenians, who redde at the City " of Muxadavad, but I don’t find they have any Em-u ploy at all, and they appear to me to be rather under " the Nabob’s Protection than ours.

" lam,

" My Lord, and Gentlemen,

" Your most obedient,

M Coffimbuzar, u humble servant,

" 23d Ocl. 1765." " A. IV. Senior."

" A Lift of European Agents and others under the English Protection redding at the following Places, " viz.

c< Mr. Hargrave " Mr. Gundejlrope " Dr. Wafmus " Mr. Maultby at Seebgunge.

" Mr. Galloway at Couregong.

<c Caj tB Ivie " Mr. Woodafon u Philip Pollock " D° his Son-in-Law " Demetrufs " Doutie

<c One Writer at Deivangunge 7 In Captain Amyatt's " Two d° at Bagon Barry 3 Service.

1

at Rage gunge.

1

at Chilmarw

30 Junii. A

" N. B. There are several free Merchanl cc come under the Name of Agents, bul " wiih the following Gentlemen at tbt " Clerks, and have not, nor have had, an " ploy.

" Mr. Wm Walker — with Mr. Jthll, at

" Mr. James Dixon — with Mr. Gorii <c colly.

" Mr. Samuel Whitby — with Mr. Wrlg! " sar."

And Your Committee then closed the' the Petition of the said Grcgore Cojamul.

Ordered, That the said Keport do lie blc.

And then the House adjourned Sevennight, the Third Day of Jt the Cfcock in the Morning.

Mercurti,30 die Jun Anno 12° Georgii III"1 Regis.

'it r-' *

Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by 7 Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, i for redeeming One Million Five hi Pounds of the Capital Stocks of T Centum Annuities, in the Manner ar therein mentioned j and for establil without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the B Act for granting a Drawback of Pari upon the Exportation of ’l ea to Irela; Dominions in America; for altering th Foreign Sugars exported from Great 1 for continuing the Bounty on the British) made Cordage; for allowing Rice from the British Plantations Bristol, Liverpool, Lane after, and Whi diate Exportation to Foreign Parts the Chief Magistrate of any Corpor: the Oath, and grant the Certificate upon the Removal of certain Good have been lent into the Country for Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the 1 A Cl for the more effectual preventin Revenues of Excise, with respect t Wines and Spirits; without any . also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bit for the more effectual preventing of 1 Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, without any Amendment: And a\f< The Lords have agreed to the Bi to continue several Laws, relating upon tlje Exportation of British-in the giving further Encouragement of Naval Stores from the British ( to the further encoura, i g the M Sail Cloth, and to the Duties pay Cloth; to the granting a Liberty t Growth, Produce, or Manufact Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directb in Ships built in Great Britain, anc to Law; to the free Importation o and to the regulating the Fees of O and Naval Officers in America j v ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to th*

jz Geo..III.

3P Junii.

£45

Hackney Act tq «-xpdaio and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Coaches. Year of" the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Adk for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in nelpect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other, exciseable Liquors 5 and for explaining and amending several Acts ;of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, Xo for as the same relates to Hackney Coaches; without any Ah* eadment: And also.

Trade The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (Ireland.) for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the Trade carried on between Great Britain and;

without any Amendment: And also,

Manx The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act FKheries. for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery, on the Coasts of the Man; and for obviating a-

Dohbt, which has arilen, with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the White Herring Fishery in

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one; without airy Amendment: And also.

Bankrupt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act L?*5 to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign peing. of j,'IS late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to preventthe committing of Frauds by Bankrupts;" and for making Provision for discharging Bankrupts in certain Cafes from their Imprisonment; without any Amendment: And also,

Lazarets. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the -Reign of His late Majesty Ring George the Second, as relates to the Establifti-tnent of Lazarets; without any Amendment: And a J/o,

Severn Tlvc Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Path"" f maki°g and keeping in Repair a Road, or Passage,

for Llorfcs, on the Banks of the River , between

Betveiley Bridge and Place called The Meadow *t Coalbrookdale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for other Purposes therein men-horxcd; without any Amendment: And also, fekyll’* Debt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to the to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the

rown. Executors of Lady Ann from a Debt duo to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Pay-men t of the same into the Exchequer; without any Amendment: And also,

Richmond TLTie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (Surrey) for vesting in His Majesty certain Hereditaments, at Viuwllium’i Richmond, in the County of Surrey, belonging to

.Estate. vine VII'countess Fit and held by Lease from the Crown; and for veiling the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold Hereditaments, at Richmond aforesaid, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trull for the said Catharine Viscountess , as

a Part of the Compensation for the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, .

Bark The Lc,r^s have 3gteed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Leather-) for encouraging the ivlanufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

'Timber. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually securing a Quantity of Oak Timber for the Use of the Royal Navy; without any Amendment: And also,

CricUhoweTt, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c- for amending, widening, and altering, the Roads lead-Roa s. ing from Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, to Tht Cross Hands, beyond Nezv Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and~R.oJ\, and from a Place called The Lower Cross in the Parish of Saint Maughan’sto the Town of , in the County of

Vol. 33.

Monmouth, and from a Smith's Shop at 'Biatflon, in the Parish of Llanvi/tangel, to Chanel a Fine, in the lame

County, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to Ponttanqft,

in the Parish of Chiddock, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sajnt for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, Sepulchre's w'ithin that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which (Middlesex) is in the county of - Middlesex; and for paving, cleans- Poor*

ing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Coui)t6, Yards, and Open Passages and Places, within the same; and for removing Annoyances therefrom; and for making the Communi- 4

cation, between Charterhouse Square and Saint John

Street, through Charterhouse Lane, more convenient; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sajftt

far paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watch- pancras

ing, the Streets, and other Public Places, within Xuch (Middlesex)

Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Streets-Middlesex, as lies on the West Side of Tottenham Court Road; and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and for obliging tire Trustees for the Care of the said Road to pave, repair, and cleanse, such Part of the said Road as is therein described; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Birmingham for building Two new Chapels, and providing Burial new Places thereto, within the 1 own of Birmingham, in the Churches. County of Warwick; without any Amendment . And also, . v

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cardfagton, for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty- &c.

eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the Roads»

present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge; and for continuing a Road from thenoe to the Great Northern Road, near Temsford »

Bridge, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act sheetbridge, for repairing and widening the Roads from Sheetbridge &c.

to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turn- Roads-

pike Road nt^r Ropley, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act insolvent for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors. Debtors more equal and expeditious; and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Aritftment and Poinding; and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Pro-nuffory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that-Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Badge'* for repealing several Laws therein mentioned, against Forestaller*; Badgers, Engrossers, Forestallers, and Regrators; and *c-for indemnifying lf*ersons against Prosecutions for Offences committed against the said Acts; with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mi eflengers withdrew.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Chaplain. Address of the 15t h Day of May last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor King, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint thb House, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor King, as is de fired.

The Lord North also reported to the House, That Public their Addresses of the 26th Day of May last (that His Records- Majesty would be graciously pleased to give such Dili H reftions

; tj

tin

3° Jumi.

Writ.

rections as His Majesty shall think proper, for the better ton, and several other Lords, to declare an Preservation of the Records in The Rolls Chapel; and to Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that th< allure His Majesty, that whatever extraordinary Expence bishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High ( dial] be incurred for that Puqx>fe, this House will make Great Britain, and the Earl bf Sandwich', good the same; and also to order the further Sum of in the said Commission, did accordingly de Six thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards.defraying tify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; w the Expence bf printing 1,250 Copies of such Parlia- as followeth; viz. mentary and other Records as His Majesty should think An Act for redeeming One Million 1 fit; and to afi’ure His Majesty, that this House will thousand Pounds of the Capital Stocks of make good the fame) had been presented to His Ma- per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and 1 jesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to therein mentioned; and for establishing a acquaint this House, that He will give Directions ac- An Act for granting a Drawback of Pa cordingly. -.toms upon the Exportation of Tea to It

British Dominions in America; for altering Cattle Riling Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to upon Foreign Sugars exported from Great the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for la7\da for continuing the Bounty on the I the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- Brirffh-made Cordage; for allowing the ] Lament for the Borough of Castle Rising, in the County Rice from the British Plantations into the 1 of Norfolk, in the room of Thomas Whateley, Esquire, Liverpool, Lane after, and Whitehaven, deceased. Exportation to Foreign Parts; and to imp

Magistrate of any Corporation to adrriin Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the and grant the Certificate, required by i End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of Removal of certain Goods to London, wl this present Session, with a proper Index thereto, be sent into the Country for Sale: . printed. An Act to explain and amendan Act,

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of venth Year of the Reign of His present the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment, and tuled, An Act for altering the Stamp D under the Direction of "John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of licies of Assurance; and for reducingth< this House. be made in respectof the prompt Paymei

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that exciseable Liquors; and for explaining an no other Person do prelumc to print the fame. vcral Acts of Parliament, relating to Hi

and Chairs, so far as the same relat< Coaches:

An Act for the further Encouragemen Fishery, on the Coasts of the Isle of M

Journal, Sec.

Ditto. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order theoum of Seven Hundred Pounds to be advanced to Joht Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards viating a Doubt, which has ariien, wit! defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this flowing the Bounties upon the British House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament Fishery, in the Year One thousand Sev to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index Seventy-one:

thereto, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as An Act for the more effectual preve have been incurred on Account of the printed Journals in the Revenues of Excise, with relped of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this Low Wines, and Spirits:

House will make good the* fame. An Act to continue several Laws, rel

General Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to lowance upon the Exportation of British Index. His Majesty, That He wiil be graciously pleased to der; to the giving further Encouraged order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pourids, to be portation of Naval Stores from the Br advanced, to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of Anieric'a; to the further encouraging t this Houfq shall authorize to receive the same, towards of British Sail Cloth, and to the Dutie: funher defraying the Expence of making a General reign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Lit Index so the Journals of this House; and to allure His gars, of the Growth, Produce, or Mar Majesty that this House will maka good the fame. of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, dire

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His cording to Law; to the free Importath

Royal Assent

10 Bills.

Majesty's Molt honourable Privy Council.

iJL \ . p X ' -a:

A McffagebySir Francis Alolincux, Gentleman Uflicr of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by Virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His lloyal Assent to several Acts ageeed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Ireland; and to the regulating the Fees Customs, and Naval Officers, in Amen

An Act for the more effectual preven the Stamp Duties upon Vellum, Parch Curds:

An Act for preventing Frauds and I to the Trade carried on between Grea land:

An Act to enable the Lords Commii jesty’s Treasury to order and allow, o

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up arising by the Coinage Duty, a cer

to the i Ioule of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by Virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforejnentioned, had been at the floufe of Peers, wl.efe a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Affdnt to several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Duke of Graf-

mentioned, for the Expences of profc against the Laws relating to the Coin, thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, the Sum yearly allowed for that Servic An Act to explain and amend so 1 made in the Sixth Year of the Reign < King George the Second, as relates to of Lazarets:

An Act for the more effectually fe of Oak Timber, for the Use of the Rc An Act to continue an Act, made i

HI __

uTgmzedDy

1 2 Geo. III.

947

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts;’’ and for making Provision for discharging Bankrupt* in certain Cafes ^rom their' Imprisonment:

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Tenth Year of" the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the further Spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain:

An Act to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage, t>f Gunpowder, within Great Britain-, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes i

An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society, commonly called The Marine Society, and their Successors, to be elected as therein is mentioned; and for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs:

An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark thall exceed a certain Hate, for a limited Time:

An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Car-. riages, and loaded Horses, and for removing Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways, within that Part of Great Britain cedltd Scotland:

j An Act to extinguish the Right of Common upon an Acre of Ground, called White Lion or Hangman's Acre, in Saint George'% Fields, in the County of Surrey:

An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of , and his

Successors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be applied for the repairing, improving, or rebuilding, such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham:

An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Ann Jekyll, from a Debt due to His Majesty for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer:

An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Hereditaments at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, belonging to Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and held by Lease from the Crown; and for vesting the Fieehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold Hereditaments, at Richmond aforesaid, in Trustees, and their Lleirs, in Trufkfqr the said Catharine Viscountess william, as a Part of the Compensation for the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and -watching, the Streets, and other Public Places, within inch Part of the Parish of SaPancras, in the County of Jiliddiefex,-as lies on the West Side of Tottenham Court Hoad-, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and for obliging the Trustees, for the Care of the said Read, to pave, repair, and cleanse, such Part of the said Read as is therein described:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough and Foreign of Kid-fterminster, in the Parish. of Kidderminster, in the County of iVorcester :.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the county of ; and for paving,

cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and Open Railages and Places, within the same; and for removing Annoyances t.vrefrom; and for making the Communication between Chat terhouseSquare and Saint John . Street, through Char terhouse Lane, more convenient:

An Act for building Two new Chapels, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for amending, widening, and altering, the Roads leading from CrickhoxseU, in the County of Brecon, to The Cross Hands, beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Hoad between the City of Hereford and Ross, and from a Place called The Iwwcr Cross in the Parish of Saint Maughan's.,to the iown ot in the County

Vol. 33

of Monmouth, and from a Smith’s Shop in

the Parish of Llanvihangel, to Chapel a Fine, in the tame County, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of to Ponttanajl,

in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Sheet bridge to Portsmouth, and from to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between and

to Great Barford Bridge-, and for continuing a Road from

thence to the Great Northern Road near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Road, or Passage, for Horses, on the Banks of the River , between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for hailing and drawing Vessels

along the said River; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: *

An Act to enable the Most noble William Duke of Devonshire'Xo grant Reversionary Leases of his Leasehold Estate, in the Parish of Saint Westminster, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for discharging divers Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of the Right honourable John Earl Spencer, comprised in, and settled by, the last Will and Testament, and Codicil thereto, of the Most noble Sarah late Ducliefs Dowager of Marlborough, deceased, and by certain Conveyances executed in pursuance thereof, from the Uses and Trulls declared by the said Will, Codicil, and Conveyances; and for settling other Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting the Manor of East Lavant, and divers Messuages and Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Sussex, intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Mary late Countess Dowager of Derby, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled' to the like Uses:

An Act to veil in Trustees, to be sold, certain Estates, in the Counties of York, Westmbr eland, and which belonged to Ann Fenwick, Widow, before her Intermarriage; and [for the Relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned: An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments, in Weeting, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estate of Philip Champion Crejpigny, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to arise by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Premises in Weeting now Hand limited: An Act for vesting certain Estates, belonging to the Drapers Company of the City of , in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, freed and discharged from certain Charities to which the same arq subject: and for vesting other Estates, belonging to the said Governor a.«id Company of ’ the Bank, in the said. Company of Drapers, subject to the before-mentioned Charities:

An Act to veil in Walter Lloyd, Esquire, and others, a ftnall Quantity of Ground, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of Masterdivy, in the County of Pembroke, in Consideration of a certain yearly Rent thereby secured; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, Part of the settled Ellate of John Bullock, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to b# settled to the same Uses:

An

An Act to enable John Rolle, Esquire, and Judith and Waste Grounds within the Manor of , jMaria Walrond, Spinster, to make Settlements on the the County of Westmoreland:

Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their An Act for inclosing, dividing, alloUin respective Minorities: proving, certain Common Woods and H

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Humphry within the Borough and Parish of IVigm Minchin, Esquire, in the County of Tipperary, in the County of Hereford-:

Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to sell the same; and An Act for dividing and inqlofing ce for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase Parcels of Arable and Pasture Grounds, in t] of other Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called Much IVenlock, otherwise /^unlock Magna, otl England, or in the Principality of Wales, to be settled to Wtnlock, in the County of Salop: the same Uses: An Act for dividing and inclosing tlx

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Estates, situate Common Fields, Common Meadows, Comn in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, upon Trull to fell and Common Grounds, Heath, and Wade Gr dispose of the lame, and invest the Monies arising the re- Parish of Moulton, in the County of Nort/iai by in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to such An Act for dividing and allotting tl of the Uses of the Will of William Wall, deceased, as are Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and ( now subsisting: , Lands, in the several Parishes of Letcomb Ba

An Act for Sale of One Undivided Fourth Part of Upper Letcomb, and Childrey/m the Count) the Lands of Innerleith, lying in the County of Edinburgh^ An Act for dividing and inclosing the (

and of One undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of Waste Grounds, and Open and Common I Darnchester, in the County of Berwick, being Parts of the the Townships or Hamlets of Greet and L entailed Estate of Colonel James Cathcart, deceased; and Newbiggin, and Great Blencozv,.in the Baron for purchasing Other Lands and Estates, to be settled, in in the County of Cumberland: lieu thereof, upon the same Persons, and to the like An Act for dividing and inclosing t Uses and Purposes: Common Fields, Common Pastures, Cornrr

An Act for giving further Powers to the Trustees, and Commonable Lands, of and within th named in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Liberties of Charlton, in the Parishes of k Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- King's Sutton, or one of them, in the Cou tituled, An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of ampton:

the late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed An Act for dividing and inclosing certa by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and or Moors, within the Town ship of Rt Grounds, in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of County of Tirk:

Somerset) for the Purpose of making certain Roads and

Ways to and from a free Bridge by them intended to Resolved, Nemine contractcente, That an

be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and dress be presented to His Majesty, Th also to impower the Persons in Possession of the said graciously pleased to order some further B Estate, for the Time being, under the said Will, to be made to John Ley, Esquire, Clerk A

frant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said House, for his faithful Discharge of his lanor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant Service of the House, in such Manner a certain Grounds and Springs of Water, within the said shall judge proper.

Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen and Ordered, That the said Address be pr<

Citizens of Bath; and for extending the jurisdiction of Majesty by such Members of this Hous the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part of Majesty's Most honourable Privy Counci the said Manor of Bathwick; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers of Mr. Gilbert reported from the Comm Leafing given by the said Act to the Persons therein it was referred to consider an Act, made i named; and for other Purposes: Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

An Act for re-investing divers Manors, Messuages, Ad to explain, amend, and reduce int Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and Parliament, the several Statutes now in being in the County of Staffed, late the Estate of Robert Amendment and Preservation of the Publ Barbor, deceased, in the several Persons now in being, this Kingdom; and forother Purposes ther and for such Estates as they are severally intitled under and also another Act, made in the Seven the Will of the said Robert Barbor; and for enabling present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An i James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join in such Convey- amend, and reduce into One Ad of J ances as shall be necessary for those Purposes: general Laws now in being, for regulating

An Act to impower James Batson and Edward Buckley Roads of this Kingdom; and for other I Batson, Esquires, Testamentary Guardians of the Person # mentioned; and to report their Opinio and Estate of Edward Pery Buckley, an Infant, to grant the House, with such Alterations and 1 Leases of the Estate of Pery Buckley, Esquire, deceased: uiay be proper to be made in the said

An Act for vesting a Messuage, called Highfield House, Committee had considered the said Act and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the and had come to several Refbiutions; ' County of Gloucester, the settled Estate of Benjamin Jason directed him to report to the House; ai Perrott, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed Report in his Place; and afterwards c as therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutic arising by such Sale in the Purchase of otjier Lands and niittee were read; and arc as followeth $ Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Lies: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of

An Act for vesting divers Freehold, Copyhoid, and That the said Act for the Amendment Leasehold, Estates, late of Edmund Bunting, Elizabeth of the Public Highways would be bet; Bunting, and Tomlinson Bunting, deceased, in Trustees, executed, if, inllead of appointing Su to be sold, to raiie Money, to be applied, under the Parish, lownship, or Place, in the . Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the directed, the Justices of the Peace were Debts, Incumbrances, and Legacies, charged upon and Sessions for the Highways some Time affecting the fame, and other the Purposes therein men- August next after passing the intended tioned: appoint larger Diilrids for Surveyors t

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons they shall find it necessary, comprehend in

12 Geo. III. 30 Junii. 949

more Parishes, Townships, or Places, lying contiguous, and fix Salaries for such Surveyors, and proportion the Payment thereof amongst the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, conmtuting such District, in such Manner as shall be jull and reasonable, and fix a Day and Place in the Month of September for the Meeting of Land Owners of Twenty Pounds per and Occupiers of Forty Pounds per , within such District;

and notify to them, by Writing under their Hands, the Extent of" such District, and the Salary proposed to be allowed to such Surveyor; which Land Owners and Occupiers should, at such Meeting, return the Names of Two or Three Persons of Skill and Experience in the making and repairing of Roads to the Justices, who should, at their Meeting in appoint one of the

Persons so returned, if any one should appear to them properly qualified for such Office, if not, such other Fer-lon whom they shall think fit, for Surveyor of such District; and that the Inhabitants of any Parish or Place, liable to contribute to such Salary, should have Liberty of appealing to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, against the Quantum or Proportion of such Salary 5 and that the Justices should have Power to appoint any one or more Person or Persons, well qualified, and desirous of taking the Office of Surveyor without Salary, to be Surveyor or Surveyors of any Parish, Township, or Place, which in that same should not be included in such District; and that the Justices should have Power to alter their Districts, at their Annual Meetings in October.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices should hold their Special Sessions, for aPpointing Surveyors, in the Week next after Michaelmas Sessions in every Year; and every Surveyor continue in Office till a new one should be appointed.

Rest/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proportion of the Surveyor’s Salary, which should be allotted by the Justices to be paid, by any Parish, Township, ot Place, should be paid out of the Morvey toarife from Compositions, Penalties, or Levies, to fc»e raised within the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surveyor of every such District should, at the Time of his Appointment, give Bond to some proper Person, in every such Parish, Township, or Place, to be nominated by the Justices, with sufficient Sureties, to account for the Money which should come to his Hands as Surveyor, in such Penalty as the Justices should think fit 5 and that every’ Surveyor should make up separate Accounts, to each Parish, Township, or Place, according to the Directions of the Ad; and produce them at the V eftry, or General Meeting of the Inhabitants, to be held within the same, at least Three Days before the Meeting of the Justices for the appointing new Surveyors, and should pass such Accounts before the Justices, at such Meeting, on Oath; and if such Surveyor should die, or become incapable of doing his Duty, Two Justices should have Power to appoint another for the Remainder of the Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, instead of allowing Two separate Rates or Assessments, not exceeding Six Pence in the Pound for each Rate, according to the present Act; videlicet, One of them for the Purposes of buying Materials, erecting Guide Posts, and making Satisfaction for Damages done to Lands by the making of new Ditches, or Drains, and the other for the Purposes of repairing the Highways, causewavs, and Bridges, where the Statute Duty shall be insufficient, it would be more convenient and effectual to have Power given to Two Justices, acting for the District where the Roads lie, to make an Order, at some Special Sessions, to authorize an Assessment to be made, within any Parish, Township, or Place, to raise Money for those Purposes; anil all'o for the paying the said Proportion of the Surveyor’s Vol. 33.

Salary, in case the Compositions and Penalties should Highway* not be sufficient for the same; but no more than One and such Assessment to be made in the same Year, and not TnfnpiktJ. to exceed Six Pence in the Pound for all those Purposes; and the Money raised thereby to be expended within such Parish, Township, or Place; and Notice to be given of such intended AsselTment, in the Church or Chapel of the Parish or Place requiring the fame, on some Sunday within a Month before such Application shall be made, specifying the Intention of applying for such Assessment, and the Day and Place of Meeting of the Justices to whom such Application is intended to be made; and if such Place be extraparochial, the Surveyor should give Information to the Inhabitants thereof, by fixing a Notice in Writing, to the Eff'ed before-mentioned, upon some conspicuous Place there, a Week before such Meeting of the Justices; and that the Person or Persons applying for an Order for such Assessment should be at Liberty, either to apply to the Justices at their Special Sessions, or to the General Quarter Sessions, as he or they should think fit; but if the Order be made at the Special Sessions, any Person liable to contribute to such Assessment, who should think himself aggrieved thereby, ought to have an Appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace against such Order, on giving Notice of such Appeal within Seven Days after such Order should be made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in order to make the Statute Duty more effectual, and to obviate Doubts which have arisen in the Construdtkm of the said Act, every Person who shall keep a Waggon, Cart, Wain, or Tumbrel, and Three or more Horses or Beasts of Draught used to draw therein, should be deemed to keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, within the Meaning of the said Act, and be liable to perform Statute Duty with the fame; and every Person, who shall not keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, but shall keep One or more Cart or Carts, and One or Two Horses or Beasts of Draught only, used to draw in each of such Carts upon the Highways, should be obliged to perform his Statute Duty with such Cart or Carts, and Horse or Horses, or Beasts of Draught, and One Labourer to attend each Cart, or to pay, according to the Directions of the Act, for the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which he shall occupy, at the Option of the Surveyor; but if the Surveyor should make his Election to have the Duty performed in Kind, the Person liable to perform the same should have Liberty to compound, by paying for each Day’s Duty One Shilling and Six Pence for a Cart and One Horse or Beast of Draught, and Two Shillings and Six Pence for a Cart and Two Horses or Beasts of Draught; and every Person, who shall keep a Coach, Post Chaise, Chair, or other Wheel Carriage, and not keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, nor occupy Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, should be liable to pay One Shilling, in respect of every Day’s Statute Duty, for every Horse which he shall draw in such Carriage, or pay according to the Value of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which he shall occupy, as the said Act directs, at the Option of the Surveyor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Statute Duty ought to be performed, or compounded for, in the Parish or Place where the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lit, in respect whereof such Duty is required; and if any Person, who shall keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, and not occupy Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, in the Parish or Place where he relides, and shall occupy Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in any other Parish or Place, such Person ought to perform his Statute Duty in the following Manner; viz.One Day’s Duty in the Parish or

(i 1 Place

Highways

and

Turnpikes.

950

Place where he so refutes, and One other Day’s Duty for every Ten Pounds per Annum which he shall occupy in such Pari Hi or Place, and One Day’s Duty for every Ten Pounds pei Annum which he shall occupy in any other Parish or Place, provided the same should be sufficient to take his full Six Days Duty, if not, the Remainder to be performed in the Parish or Place where he shall so reside; and if he shall occupy Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Two or more Parishes or Places besides that wherein he shall reside, which shall in the Whole amount to more than Fifty Pounds per Annum, then such Team Duty ought to be performed in such of them as lie nearest to the Parish or Place wherein he shall so reside.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Notice, required by the Act for compounding Statute Duty, ought to be given on the First or Second Sunday in November, instead of January; and that no Composition ought to be permitted, if not made, and the Money paid, on the Day fixed by such Notice; and that Power should be given to the Justices, at their Special Sessions for appointing Surveyors, to order the Team Duty to be performed in Kind, within any Parish or Place, when it shall appear, from the Complaint of the Surveyor thereof, that he has Difficulties in hiring Teams at reasonable Rates, for the Repair of the Roads within the same, occasioned by the Compositions made for such Teams.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Hedges on each Side the Highway, ought to be so cut and pruned every Year, within the Time limited by the Act, that no Part of them, when cut, should be more than Four Feet above the Ditch Bank, where there shall be a Ditch, nor more than Five Feet above the Ground where there shall be no Ditch; and that Surveyors ought to be restrained from cutting down, or lopping, any Timber Tree, or Trees, used for Timber, in the Country where the Road lies, except Pollards, until the same shall have been viewed by Two Justices of the Peace, and certified to be proper to be pruned or fallen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Surveyor ought to be permitted to go into private Lands or Grounds, to dig Materials, without the Permission of the Owner or Occupier thereof in Writing, until an Order shall be made for that Purpose, by Two Justices of the Peace, at a Special Sessions, after having received Evidence, upon Oath, that Materials could not be found on the Wastes, Rivers, or Brooks (where they are allowed to be got by the Act) convenient for the Purposes for which they are wanted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of Horses allowed to draw upon all Highways, not Turnpike, ought to be as follows: To every Waggon, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Eight Horses; to every Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the same Breadth, Five Horses; to every Waggon, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling on each Side a Surface of Nine Inches, Seven Horses; to the like Waggons, rolling a Surface of Six Inches only, Six Horses; to every Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, Four Horses; to every Waggon, having the Fellies of the Wheels of lets Breadth than Six Inches, Five Horses; to every Cart, with the like Fellies, Three Horses; and that Two Oxen ought, in all Carriages, to be considered as One Horle.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Provision in the General Turnpike Act, allowing additional Horses in deep Snow or Ice, ought to be extended to the Highways in general.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That where the Turnpike Road or Roads, leading

through any Parish, Township, or Place, ft into good and substantial Repair, and the the Tolls arising from such Turnpike shall sufficient to pay the Interest of the Money thereupon, and to keep the same in Repair to defray the necessary Expences attending 1 pike; and where the other Highways, Parish, Township, or Place, Hand in Ne Statute Duty which used to be applied to 1 pike Road; Power should be given to Two the Peace, at any Special Sessions, to order f Duty, or any Part thereof, which they may per, to be employed in the Repair of the < ways, in such Parish, Township, or Place, wl Turnpike, with Liberty of Appeal to the n( Quarter Sessions, for any Person or Persons a such Order.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this That where any public Highway may b( and made more commodious to the Publi ing and turning the fame. Power should the Justices of the Peace, at their Gen Sessions, upon a Certificate thereof, sign Justices of the Peace, and upon Fourteen 1 thereof given to the Surveyor of the Hij Constable or Head borough of the Parish or Place, where such Road shall lie, an Owner and Occupier of the Lands into; which such Road is intended to be carri such Road to be diverted and turned, in f by such Means, and with such Powers, Highways may be widened and enlarged. General Highway Act, provided such nev be ordered and made, shall not exceed 1 Yards in Length; with Liberty to fell t towards defraying the Expence of purchasi and making and fencing such new Road; that no Assessment for the fame, and for any Highway within such Parish, Townft shall exceed Six Pence in the Pound Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of th That if Forms of Convictions for the fe against the Highway Laws were to be new intended Act, it would relieve Justio from any Difficulties, and tend to enforce tion of those Laws.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of th That, in order to improve and preserve Roads, the Trustees of the several Tu be obliged to cause Weighing Engines at or near every Turnpike Gate where lested at such Gate shall have amounted t< or upwards, for the Year preceding; Gates on any great Road, leading to a; City or Town, where the Trustees shall Carriages passing upon it may be conver at another Gate upon the same Road, b above Twenty Miles on any such great Weighing Engine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of t That the Tolls will be increased, by ditional Number of Horses where fuc be erected and uled as hereafter mentio: der to compensate for the Increase of E be occasioned by the erecting of such gines, and to strengthe-n the Securitie who have advanced, or shall advance the Credit of the said Turnpike 'Tolls, be an additional Term of Five Years Turnpike Act where such Engines shal used, after passing the intended Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion o tee. That every Gate Keeper havii such Weighing Engine, shall keep tli

12 Geo. III. 3 Ju951:

Weights belonging to it, in good Condition, and shall fairly and justly weigh all such Waggons and Carts which he shall have Reason to suspect will exceed the Weights allowed by the Act, or which he shall be required to weigh by any adting Trustee, Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer, of such Turnpike Road (except Carriages with Wheels that roll a Surface of Sixteen Inches on, each Side) and that Power should be given to the Trustees to encourage such Gate Keeper to do his Duty, by giving him some Gratuity out of the Forfeitures arising at fucix Gates from Carriages passing with Overweight. ' Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Number of Horses, drawing in Carriages, through any Toll Gate where such Engine shall be erected, may pals in such Carriages, the same Day, upon any Part of that Turnpike Road; but where the Carriages travelling upon any Turnpike Road shall not pals through any such Gate, they should be restrained to the Number of Horses allowed upon Highways which are not Turnpike; that, in order to detect Frauds in taking off or putting on Horses, to avoid the Payment of Tolls, every Gate Keeper should give Tickets, specifying the Number of Horses which passed through his Gate; and every Attempt to evade the Tolls by such Means ought to be punished by a Forfeiture of Ten Pounds, to be paid by the Owner or Driver of such Carriage, at the Option of the Prosecutor.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Carriages ought to be restrained to the following Weights; viz. Waggons having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches to Five Tons Ten Hundred, between the 5th Day of April and the 10th Day of October, and to Five Tons between the 10th Day of October and the 5th Day of; Carts having the like Wheels to Three Tons, between the 5*h of April and the 10th of October, and to Two Tons Fifteen Hundred, between the 10th of October and the 5H1 of April; Waggons having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling on each Side a Surface of Nine Inches, to Four Tons Fifteen Hundred, between the 5th of April and the 10th of October, an.ci to Four Tons Eight Hundred, between the 10th of October and the cth of April-, Waggons having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, constructed in the common Manner, to Four Tons Five Hundred, between the 5th of April and the 10th of October, and to Three Tons Fifteen Hundred, between the 10th of October and the 5th of April; Carts having the Fellies of the like Breadth to Two Tons Twelve Hundred, between the 5 th of April and the 10th of October, and to Two Tons Seven Hundred, between the 10th of October and the 5th of April; Waggons having the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches to Three Tons, between the 5th of April and the 10th of October, and to Two Tons Ten Hundred, between the icth of October and the 5th of April; Carts having the Wheels of the like Breadth to One Ton Ten Hundred, between the 5th of April and the 10th of October, and to One Ton Five Hundred, between the xoth of October and the 5th of April, in every Year; each Carriage to be"included in the above Weights, and every Hundred to consist of Five Score and Twelve Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Waggons and Carts, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, or upwards, ought to have the Privilege of Exemptions and Compositions which are allowed by the particular Turnpike Acts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, or upwards, ought to pay no higher Tolls than those fixed by the particular Turnpike Acts; but that all Waggons and Carts, having the Fellies of the Wheels of Ids Breadth than Six Inches, ought to pay the Tolls allowed by those particular Acts,. and One Half more, and to be excluded from all the Privileges of Compositions and Exemptions; and that

Vol. 33. 1

Two Oxen ought, in all Carriages* to be cortfidered as Highway* One Horse. 1 "Ike,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, rop That the Tolls upon Turnpike Roads would be much increased, if the Trustees were to farm them out to the best Bidders, on a Day and Place to be appointed, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, with Liberty for either Party to vacate such Con trad at the End of each Year, upon giving Three Months Notice; proper Advertisements for that Purpose being first fixed upon the several Toll Gates, upon the Market Crosses in the neighbouring Market Towns, and inserted in some Journal or Newspaper circulated in that Part of the Country where such Roads respectively lie, specifying the Sum which such Tolls amounted to in the preceding Year, and that no less was to be offered; and if every Bidder' was to make his Proposal by a Ticket sealed up-and delivered to the Clerk in the Presence of the Trustees, and the best Bidder was to give Security for the Performance of his Contract; and that Power should be given to all Trustees to farm out the Tolls, who are not authorized to do it by the particular Turnpike Acts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That much Trouble would be saved to the Trustees, much Expence to the Public, and many Frauds prevented, if every Turnpike Road was to be made and kept in Repair by Contract, instead of Wages; for which Purpose, it should be divided into convenient Districts, specifying each Part of the Road so intended to be made or kept in Repair, by separate Allotments, and notified in Writing in Manner aforesaid; and, to prevent Impositions in such Contracts, the Road in each Allotment should be previously viewed, and each intended Contract estimated by a skilful Surveyor; and the Undertakers should be allowed to call in such Statute Duty from the adjacent Places, as should be agreed upon, to be employed in performing such Contract.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, when any Turnpike Road shall be indicted or presented, the Expence attending the fame, and also the Fine to be set by the Court for the repairing of such Road, should be proportioned between the Persons liable to repair the same and the Treasurer of such Turnpike Road, in such Manner and Proportions as the Court, in which such Indictment or Presentment shall be preferred, shall order; and that the Treasurer should pay the Sum so ordered, out of the First Money which shall come to his Hands, and be allowed the same in his Accounts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, where any ancient Road shall be turned, by Virtue of any Turnpike Ad, and the old Road shall be (hut up, the Parish, Township, or Place, which was liable to repair such old Road, should be and continue, in like Manner, liable to repair the new Road, after the same shall have been put in sufficient Repair by the Trustees of such Turnpike Ad, and be so certified by Two Justices of the Peace, so that the same do not exceed the Length of the old Road; if it Fhould, then so much as lies nearest to such Parish or Place, equal in Length to such old Road; and that no old Road ought to be (hut up, till such new Road shall be so repaired and certified.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Bill, for making any new Turnpike Road, ought to be presented to the House, until an Estimate of the Expence of making the same shall have been made, and proved to the Committee to whom the Petition for such Bill shall have been referred, and Three-fourths of the Money contained in such Estimate subscribed; and that no Toll Gate ought to be erected, nor any of the Laws relating to Turnpike Roads enforced, upon any Part of such Turnpike Road, until Two-thirds, at least, of the Money so subscribed, shall have been expended in the Repairs thereof.

Resolved,

1

Highways

and

Turnpikes.

RuflelTs

Estate.

952

3° Jun

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Side Gate ought to be erected, under the general Powers contained in any Turnpike Act, unlei's ordered by the Trustees, at their First Meeting after obtaining such Act, or at (bme subsequent Meeting, of which Fourteen Days public Notice should be given, by Writing affixed upon the several Toll Gates upon such Turnpike Road, specifying the Intention of setting up such Gate; and that no Person should be obliged to pay Toll at any Gate erected, or to be erected, across any Turnpike Road, or on the Side thereof, for any Carriage, Horse, or bead, which merely crolles the fame, or does not pass above One Hundred Yards thereon, except over some Bridge erected within that Distance at the Expence of such Turnpike.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Carriage, liable to be weighed, should pass upon any Turnpike Road, or public Highway, un-leis the same shall be made and constructed in such Manner, that no Pair of Wheels shall be wider than Four Feet Six Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground; and that the Distance from the Centre of the Fore Wheels to the Centre of the Hind Wheels of all such Waggons, or Four-wheeled Carriages (^not being used for the Carriage of Timber only) shall not be more than Nine Feet, to be mea-l'ured from the Centre of the Axle-trees at the Ends thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Carriages, having the Rollers or Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, shall be permitted to draw any Number of Horses upon any Road, and not be restrained to any Weight, and ought to pals through all Turnpikes Toll-free for Three Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, after the intended Act shall be patted into a Law, there ought to be a Standing Order of the House, that no Turnpike Bill should pass without a Clause in it, that nothing therein contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to vary or alter any Regulations contained in that Act.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in William RufJ'ell, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, dil'charged from the Uses of the said Settlement; and for settling other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, of the said William Russell, in the County of Warwick, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Vidv the Borough of Dorchester, in the County o was presented to the House, and read; Con of the Hardship's the Petitioners alledge the under, from the present Mode of quartering and Horses upon them; and praying the $ take the Matter of their Petition into Coni and grant them such Relief or Redress therein House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Table.

" ’ K-7rM* .<

The House proceeded to take into Confidi Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, An Act for rendering the Payment of the C Insolvent Debtors more equal and txpedi for regulating the Diligence of the Law, by, and Poinding; and for extending the P Bills to Promissory Notes; and for limiti upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that P: Britain called Scotland.

And the said Amendments were read; followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 17. Leave out from the’ timating" in Line fert cc Public Paper cc pointed, as is " mentioned," inst of.

Pr. 7# 1. 19. Leave out from "

" ment to

rec

Line 23; and inf u herein after ment (lead thereof.

Pr. 9. 1. I. Leave cut from 1 w ment" to " e Line c; and ini

r *

" herein after men (lead thereof.

Pr. 10. 1. 21. Leave out from "

" and" in the nen insert " hereinafte instead thereof.

Pr. 11. 1. 8. Leave out €t aforesaid

" herein after [me (lead thereof.

Pr. 13. 1. 29. Leave out from

" ment" to "

31-

Pr. 14. 1. 22. Leave out u befc

and insert " her u tioned" instead

L 29. Leave out before insert " hereinaftc instead thereof.

Pr. 22. 1. 3. Leave out cc befc

and insert " he " tioned" instead

Pr. 23| 1. 38. Leave out from

" ment" to " \ 43; and insert

<c after ment ionec of.

1. 44. Leave out from €€

" ty" in Press 2.

jpr. 24. 1. 3. Leave out " conta

fert " contain of.

1. 26. After ‘c appointed’ " A."

Clause A. " And be it (

" That, for t

" carrying this " tually into

V

r 3.Geo. III. 3' Junii. 953

" Court of Session shall be, " and hereby is authorized and " required, to appoint, from " Time to Time, One Public " Paper, printed at Edinburgh, " wherein may and shall be " inserted, all such Advertisements as are hereinbefore directed to be published."

The Paid Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord* ships.

Badgers, The House proceeded to take into Consideration the F° &c^'erS* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws therein mentioned, against Badgers, Engrossers, Forestallers, and Regrators; and" for indemnifying Persons against Prosecutions for Offences committed against the said Acts.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth i- vix.

Pr. 2. 1. 10. Leave out " as relates to the " buying and selling of Cattle " in and elsewhere,

" by Butchers."

1. 14. Leave out " Ten Miles of."

1. 1 j. After " " insert " or

" within Ten Miles thereof."

1 15. 7Leave out "which said Acts and 16. } " Part of an Act."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-fLiips.

Westminster Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Nightly to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Watch. T^ightly Watch, and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had <dire<sted him to report to the House; and he read the He port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, and

Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Sinking The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Fund. Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ^and8* -A ft for better Regulation of Buildings and Party Party Walls. Walls, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, Vol. 33.

and Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bon and Paddington, Saint Pan-

eras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places; and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act; And for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Corn _ Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments °* the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Game. Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " better Preservation of the Game within that Part of " Great Britain, called England;" with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords d.efire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Corn Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Importation, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of *« Com.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 29.

Pr. 3* £

Pr. 4. 1. 22.

1. 24. Pr. 12. 1. 2.

1. 22. 1. 22.

1. 23.

* 34-

Pr. 13. 1.

1. 23.

Pr. 14. 1. x. 1- 5-

1. 6.

1. 26.

Leave out " for the Purpose of " charging any Duties payable " on such Corn and Grain," and insert " imported" instead thereof.

Leave out " or" and insert " and" instead thereof.

After "Malt" insert "ground or " uoground Bear, Big, or Oatmeal, or Malt made of Wheat." After " mentioned" insert " any " Law to the contrary in any- wise notwithstanding."

After " notwithstanding" insert " Provided also, That no Bounty " shall be payable in any of the " Cafes wherein Exportation is " hereby permitted as aforesaid, " any Law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding."

Leave out the first " and" and insert " or" instead thereof. After " Malt" insert " ground or " unground Bear, Big, or Oatmeal, or Malt made of Wheat." Leave out " of such Wheat, " Wheat Meal, and Wheat " Flour, Rye, Barley, and " Malt," and insert " thereof" instead thereof.

Leave out " of Wheat, Rye, " Barley, and Malt," and m-fert " thereof" instead thereof. After " always" insert " And be it " further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,"

Leave out " begun to flu'p," and insert " shipped" instead thereof. Leave out " for and upon."

Leave out " and which shall," and insert " may within the Space * of Three Months" instead thereof.

Leave out from thereout" to the first " and" in Line 20.

Leave out from " cancelled" to the End of the Bill.

11 K

And

954

3° Junii.

jA*

Pr. i. 1- 3-1. 4*

Pr. 3. 1. l8.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendments be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente. Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be rejected.

Game. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better Preservation of the Game within that " Part of Great Britain, called England."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out cc the.*

Leave outcc in" and insert" within" instead thereeof.

After " paid" insert " Clause A." (Clause A.) And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Complaint shall be made, upon Oath, agilinft any Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences against this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Complaint shall be made, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, to V apprehend the Person or Persons

against whom such Complaint shall be made, and to cause such Person or Persons to be brought before him or them* to answer such Complaint; and such Person or Persons shall be proceeded against in such Manner as is hereinbefore directed.

Pr. 6. 1. 37. Leave out from " whatsoever" to

" and" in Press 7, line 30.

Pr. 8. 1. 8. After " Ad" insert " for killing

" Game in the Night."

1. 13. After " Ad" insert " and with the " like Power of Appeal to the " Quarter Sessions as is hereinbefore allowed by this Act."

1. 14. Leave out " all the Provisions of," and insert " from and after the " said Twenty-fourth Day of " June One thousand Seven " hundred and Seventy-two." instead thereof.

I. 15. Leave out " not hereby altered, " amended, or explained," and insert of the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty" instead thereof.

1. 17. Leave out "are" and insert "is" instead thereof; and leave out " declared to be."

Pr. 9. 1. 2. Leave out " One" and insert " Six"

instead thereof; and leave out " Month" and insert " Months" instead thereof.

1. 4. At the End of the Bill add " Clause " B "

(Clause B.) And whereas, by an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

a

4'

r#T r*-< 0

i ,\r

01

certain Restrictions, w to the Times of killin commonly called lh have been found ine: answer the good Purs by intended; Therefo to render the said A fedual, Be it Enact Authority aforesaid, and after the said Tw Day of June One Seven hundred and S no Person or Per upon any Pretence take, kill, destroy, can or have, in his, h< Possession or Use, a commonly called llec tween the First Day her and the Twenti Augujly in any Yea of incurring such F01 Penalties, to be re such Ways and M< be applied to such I by the said before-i of the Second Year of His present Ma reded, with regard t and Penalties for Off the fame,

In the Title of the Bill. Leave out c< explain; and insert " repeal" i of; and,

After " England' in( " make other Pi " (lead thereof; ai " and amend an i " the Second Yeai " sent Majesty, i " Act for the bel " tion of the Gam< " Part of Great J " England."

And a Motion being made, and the Q put. That the said Amendments be rc Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That with the Amendments, be rejected.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the C whom the Bill for regulating the Settlemc Children, was committed; That the C< gone through the Bill, and made several thereunto, which they had directed him t House; and he read the Report in his Pk wards delivered the Bill, with the Amen the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report w;

Ordered, That such a Number of Co\ Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, ficient for the Use of the Members of tht

, . " l € + ‘

And then the House adjourned til ing next, Ten of the Clock.

OJ 1 [/£ .! ~.UQ

_ f

t

: -.A vrws -

r,' c' !- SV3

Salta(h

tlc£tion.

,o <y *> § juniu

i 2 Geo. IIL

Veneris, 50 Junii \

Anno 120 Georgii III1" Regis, 1772* .

P R AY ERS.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Confederation the Petition of Thomas Esquire,

complaining of an -undue Election and Return for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, palfed in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returt\s of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned -,

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and hi Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, his Counsel and Agents, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar — The Clerk of the Select Committees of Elections attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table, and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Outside of the Box, ligned by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That " the said Box was, on the 3d Day of June 1772, made " up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Ad, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attelfation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members " were by him, in the Presence of the Sjteaker, put " into the said Box, on the 3d Day of June 1772," was read.

And the said Names, written on diflind Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be, of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were by the Clerk taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers, into Six Uhdfes, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glafl'es, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr.

Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Ten Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Thomas , Baronet,

being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his having, in this Session of Parliament, served on the Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of George Prescott, Esquire, complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the Borough of Port, in the County of Some; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Six other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Vol. 33.

955

And the Name of William Ewer, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his having, in tins Session of Parliament, served on the Select Committee appointed to tty* the Merits of the Petition of George Prescott, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Milborne Porty in the County of Somerset; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of Archibald Douglas, Esquire* being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being 60 Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the Cause of such Requisition upon Oath, hd was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Cleveland, Esquire, being drawn, he informed the House that he had given his Vote at the Election complained of by the Petition now taken into Consideration; and his Name was thereupon set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House.

And the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of James Wallace, Esquire, being drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioner declared, that the said Mr. Wallace was intended to be nominated by the said Petitioner; and the said Mr. Wallace having in his Place contented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select: Committee as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Name of the Lord Clare being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being 6b Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the Cause of such Requisition upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Robert Harley, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being 60 Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the T'able verified the Cause of such Requisition upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Themes Harley being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for rnot serving on the said Select Committee, that he was one of the Aldermen of the City of London, now on the Rota, attending the Session of general Ga d Delivery at the Old Bailey, and that his Absence from that Duty would be. attended with great Inconvenience in carrying on the Business of fthe said Session; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, in Manner before mentioned, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Gath — the Opinion of the House was taken therein, Mr. Speaker putting the Question to the House, That the said Member (in respect of what he has now so alledged and verified) be excused from serving on the said Select Committee — Which being agreed to by the House, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Harry Burrard, Baronet, being drawn, he required to be exculed from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being 60 Years of Age, or upwards; ^nd having at the Table verified the Cause of such Requisition upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, (o

drawn

9$6

5° — 8° — 90 Junii.

A,

drawn and not excused or set aside, being complete, the dition, of the East India Company, and < Counsel for the Sitting Member was called upon by Mr. Affairs in the East Indies, be re-deliveret Speaker to nominate One, from amongst the Members India Company, then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot to serve on the said Scledt Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named William Baker,

Esquire, who was not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Petitioner,'with the Count'd and AgentsonbothSides, together with , --R C//, from the Se]ea Cor

the Clerk appointed to attend the Select Committees of J\1 were appointed to try and determi

And then the House adjourned till Mo> next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 8° die Junii Anno 12* Georgii IIItn Regis, i

Prayers.

of the Petition of Thomas Bradshaw, Esqui ing of an undue Election and Return foi of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, House, that the said Select Committe< mined.

Elections, immediately withdrew.

And being, after some Time, again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk attending the said Committees of Elections, informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had

£" hiS, P,re^nCelbe|i^ning Mr °i the Pet'tionCr’ That Thomas Bradshaw, Esquire, the Pei

alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names, hayc been returnc^ a Burgess to serve i

conta.ned in the said Life, until the Number was re- par|iament for the Borough Saltash, in

duced to llurteen; and he delivered in to the House r Jf &

the Lifts so ftmek, together with a new Lift of the And a,f that the said Committee hav Names or the llurteen Members then remaining un-

n . i i n. i i -n -XA That the said Thomas Bradshaw, Efi

struck; which last mentioned Lift was read by Mr. cfcacd a Bu fs to serve in th£ present

hpeaker, and is as follows: the Borough of Saltash.

mil, am Edward's, Esquire, George Durant, Esquire, And said D"termlnations were

the honourable Charles Dillon, Charles Crowle, Esquire, Noel Hill, Esquire, John Purling, Esquire, George Jennings, Esquire, Charles Wolf ran Cornwall, Esquire, Har court Powell, Esquire, John Cator, Esquire, Lord Belafyfe, Joseph Martin, Esquire, Henry Fletcher, Esquire.

entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of i attend this House, immediately', with the Borough of Saltash, in the County of

_And the Names of the said JamesIVallace, Esquire, and Nam'd

mil, am Baker, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being ;nfwd thereof

added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over, and being come to the 1 able they were acquainted by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee appointed to tiy the Merits of the Petition of Thomas Bradshaw, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall: And they were then lworn by the Clerk, as follows:

You, and each of you, shall well and truly try the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Bradshaw,

Esquire, referred to you, and a true Judgment

shaw, Esquire, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Cro according to Order, amended the said I

ingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bri repealing the several Laws now in being tion of the Game in this Kingdom j a other Provisions, for the same Purposes, And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir Charle. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

give, according to the Evidence.

So help you God.

And the Petitioner, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides* were then directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till To-ing, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 9* die Junii

Militia Mr. Sutton presented to the House, pursuant to the Anno 120 Georgii IIP11 Regis,

Returns. Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Copies of the Annual Returns of the Militia, at the Time of Annual Exercise, in the Year 1771: And P r a y e r s.

alto, ______

Such Copies of the Qualifications of the Deputy fT^HE Lord North reported to the H Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, for the Year X Address of Hednesday last (th 1771, as have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Prin- would be graciously pleated to order so cipal Secretaries of State. compence to be made to John Ley,

Together with Lists of the said Papers. Assistant of this House, for his faithfu

And the said Lifts were read. his Duty in the Service of the House,

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, His Majesty shall judge proper) had to be perused by the Members of the House. to His Majesty s and that His Majesty I

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other him to acquaint this House, that ITe v

Papers of this Session. tions as desired by the said Address.

The Lord North also reported to t East India Or acred. That the several original Books and Papers, their Addresses of Wednesday last (th Affairs, which have been produced to the Committee, who were would be graciously pleased to order tY appointed to inquire into the Nature, State, and Con- hundred Pounds to be advanced to fjohn

i2 Geo. III.

9° JmiL

m

Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part bf Great Bri* Printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the tain called

last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been incurred on Account of the printed Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; and allb, a Sum, not exceeding Five hunded Pounds, to be advanced, to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to

An Act for repealing several Laws therein mentioned, against Badgers, Engrossers, Forestallers, and Regra-tors; and for indemnifying Persons against Prosecutions for Offences committed against the said Acts:

An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, within the Cities of and

Jler, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes,' Precincts, and Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality; the Parishes of Saint and Padding-

ton, Saint Paucras, and Saint Luke at Cheifta, in the

allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing of

Lyme Regis Election.

fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

Mischiefs by Fire, within the said Cities, Liberties* Parishes, Precincts, and Places; and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act; and for other Purposes: ——

An Act for vesting in William Russell, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester; comprised in

the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- his Marriage Settlement, discharged from the Uses of ment for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of the said Settlement; and for settling other Messuages, Dorset, in the Room of the honourable Henry Fane, who, Lands, and Hereditaments, of the said William Russell,

Jlobinfon’s

Bill.

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads, Gates, and Bridges, and Condudlor or Guide of His Royal Person in all the Royal Progrefies.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inrolling in the Court of Chancery in Great Britain,

in the County of Warwick, of greater Value, in lieu thereof ;* and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for inrolling in the Court of Chancery in Great Britain, an Exemplification of the Will of Ckrijiopher Robinfony late of the Colony of Virginia, in America, deceased, to be made under the Provincial Scat of the said Colony; and for making Copies of such Inrolment Evidence in Great Britain; for enfranchising certain Copyhold Estates, late the Property of the said

an Exemplification of the Will of Ckrijiopher Robinson, Ckrijiopher Robinson, in the County of York; and for late of the Colony of Virginia in America, deceased, to making Satisfaction to the Prebendary oi'Dunington for be made under the Provincial Seal of the said Colony; the fame; and for other Purposes.

Game.

and for making Copies of such Inrolment Evidence in Great Britain-, for enfranchising certain Copyhold Estates, late the Property of the said Ckrijiopher Robinson, in the County of York; and for making Satisfaction to the Prebendary of Dunington for the lame; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the several Laws now in being, for Preservation of the Game in this Kingdom; and for enacting other Provisions, for the same Purpose, in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followed!; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I cannot put an End to this Session of Parliament* without expressing the Satisfaction I have felt in ob-» serving the Temper and the Prudence, which have governed all your Deliberations, during the Course of it; and Without returning you My particular Thanks for the fresh Proof you have given of your affectionate Attachment to Me, in the additional Security you have provided for the Welfare and Honour of My Family.

I can, with great Pleasure, acquaint you. That the of the Powers of Europe give Me the

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

Disposition of the Powers of Europe give strongest Reason to believe, that this Nation will not be A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Mo!y~ disturbed in the Enjoyment of the Blessings of Peac?. neux. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed:

An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious; and for regulating the Diligence of the Law' by Arrestment and Poinding; and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes; and for limiting Actions upon VuL. 33.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you heartily for the Supplies, which you have granted with so much Chearfulness and Dispatch; and for the ample Provision you have made for every Branch of the Public Service: And I fee, with Pleasure and Approbation, that you have, at the same Time, been able, by a proper Disposition of the Public Money, to make a further Progress in reducing the National Debt.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I make no Doubt but that you will carry, into your respective Counties, the same Principles, and the same Zeal, for the Public Good which 1 have experienced from you in Parliament; and that you will continue to exert your best Endeavours, to cultivate and improve a Spirit of Harmony, and Confidence, amongst all Ranks of my faithful Subjects. Let it be your conllant Care to convince them. That, without a due Reverence for the Laws, and a chearful Obedience to just Authority, neither their Civil nor Religious Rights, and Liberties, I1 L can

Prorogatiofls.

958 90 Junii. — 110 Augujli — 290 Sept, — 170 AW. . 1772

can be enjoyed in Comfort or Security: And to afiure them, That I consider their Interest as inseparably connected with My own; and that I am, and have ever been persuaded, That the Prosperity and Glory of my # Reign mud depend upon My possessing the Affection, and maintaining the Happiness, of My People.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, laid.

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Titefday the Eleventh Day of August next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday y the Eleventh Day of August next.

Mart is, ii° die;

Anno 12* Georgii IIIt!! Regis, 1772.

THEHouse being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Coxe, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 29th Day of September next \ and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 29th Day of September next.

Martisy 2 90 die Septembris;

Anno 12° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in {lie Country; A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarmey Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until "Tuesday the 17th Day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 17th Day of November next.

Martisy 17® die Novembris;

Anno 13* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 26th Day of this Instant November; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 26th Day of this Instant November.

index;

INDEX

4

TO THE

THIRTY-THIRD VOLUME.

ii* Geo. III. Pari. 13. SeJJ. 4. A. 1770 £5? 1771. sfB ING D ON, Petition from, 22 Jan. Vide Ba~

/Hr fin git ok t.

Accounts, Estimates, See.

Account of Services incurred and not provided for, ordered, 19 Nov. Presented, i8Feb. Referred to Committee of Supply,27« — of Surplusses of Aggregate, South Sea, and General Funds, ordered 19 Nov. Presented, 7 Dec. Referred to Committee of Ways and Means, 10 April; to Committee of Supply, 12. — of Debt on the Civil List, upon 5 April 1762, 5 April 1763, 5 July 1765, and 5 July 1766. Presented, 19 Nov. — of Prices of Wheat, Rye, &c., transmitted to the Treasury, ordered, 21 Nov. Presented 22. Referred to Committee upon Bill for continuing the Prohibition of the Exportation of Com, ibid. — of prohibited East India Goods, and Naval Stores imported from Russia; presented, 22 Nov. — of Ships employed in the Whale Fiftiery; of Grain, &c. exported under Provisions of Act of last heflion, prohibiting the Exportation, presented, 22 Nov. 22 Jan. — State of Proceedings of Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, and their Treasurers Accounts, presented, 26 Nov. Referred to Committee of Supply, 25 Jan. — of Whalebone and Oil imported and exported from I Jan. 1768, ordered, 29 Nov. Presented, 4 Dec. 22 Jan. — of Beef, Pork, &c. imported from Ireland and America, from 1 Jan. 1769, ordered, 3 Dec. Presented, 6 Dec. 22 Jan. — Lift of Commissioned Officers in the Militia, with their Ranks, ordered, 5 Dec. Presented, 5 Mar. — of Number of Cattle imported from Ireland since 10 Oft. 1766; of Tallow imported and exported from I Jan. 1769; ordered, 5 Dec. Presented, 10 Dec. 22 Jan. — of Number of Buftes cleared out for the White Herring Fiftiery in Scotland, from 5 Jan. 1770; the like in England; of Monies certified to be due and in Arrear, as the Bounty on D# in Scotland; of Monies produced out of the Customs in Scotland, applicable to the Payment of the Bounty on D°; the like in England; of Amount of the Bounties

said out of the Customs in England on D#; ordered, 7 Dec.

resented, 22, 23 Jan. Referred, 31. Vide Herring Fishery. — of Monies remaining unapplied on the Heads of the particular Services voted last Session, ordered, 7 Dec. Presented, 10. — of Men raised for Land Service for the East India Company, from Jan. 1763 to Dec. 1770, ordered, 10 Dec. Presented, 13. Referred, 12 April. Vide India. — Copy ofProceedings of Commissioners of Westminster Paving, and their Treasurers and Receivers Accounts, presented, 12 Dec. Referred to Committee on Westminster Paving Bill, 18 Feb. Vide Westminster Paving. — of Surplus of Orphans Fund in London; of Money received and paid on Account of Black Fryars Bridge; for rebuilding Newgate; for repairing the Royal Exchange; for embanking the Thames; forcleanf-ing, £2U. the City of London; presented, 19 Dec. — of Forfeited Estates in Scotland, presented, 22 Jan. — of Values of Imports and Exports to and from Scotland, from 1767 to 1769, presented, 22 Jan. — Copies of the King of Spain's Vot. 33. — 1770 1771.

Declaration, relating to Fort Egmont, and the Acceptance thereof by Lord Rochford, presented, 25 Jan. Vide Spain. — Copies and ExtractsofLetters from the Secretary of State's Office and Admiralty, relating to Falkland's Blands, presented, 4 Feb. Vide Spain. — African annual Paper, presented, 6 Feb. Referred, 7 Mar. Vide Africa. — of Monies received and paid, &c. on Account of Foundling Hospital, ordered, 13 Feb. Presented, 18. Referred to Committee of Supply, 12 April. — State of Land Forces in India, &c., ordered, 18 Feb. Presented, 22. Referred, 12 April. Vide India.* — State and Condition of African Forts and Settlements, presented, 26 Feb. Referred, 7 Mar. Vide Africa. — of Amount of Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to Act of last Session, ordered, 27 Feb. Presented, 1 March 5 Referred to Committee of Supply, 6. — of Raw and Thrown Silk, and other Silk unmanufactured, imported from 1760 to 1771, ordered, 27 Feb. Presented, 8 Mar. Referred, ibid. Vide Silks; withdrawn, and another ordered, 14. Presented, and referred, 20; from Scotland, 12 April. Referred, ibid. Vide Silks. — of Wrought Silk, and Raw and otherSilk exported in same Time, ordered, 27 Feb. Presented, 8 Mar. Referred, ibid.; from Scotland, i2 April. Referred, ibid. VideSilks. — of Receipts and Distntrfements of the Free British Fiftiery, presented, 27 Feb. — of Recruits raised for the Regiments quartered in Great Britain, from 1764 to 1769, ordered, 1 Mar. Presented, 4. Referred, 12 April. Vide India. — Copy of the King of Spain’s Orders, signified by the Balio Fray, Don Julian deArriaga to DonPhilipRuizPuente, and Translation, presented, 1 Mar.; Translation read again, 5. Vide j^ueftions Neg. — of the Mercers Company, presented, 5 Mar. — Copies of Returns and Qualifications of Militia, presented, 5 Mar. — of British Wrought Silks, exported to the Westlndies and America, from 1760 to 1771* ordered, 8 Mar. Presented, 14. Referred, ibid.; from Scotland, 12 April. Referred, ibid. Vide Silks. — of Recruits raised for Dragoons and marching Regiments in Great Britain, from Dec. 1770 to March 1771, presented, 22 Mar. — of Seizures made of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, from 1760 to 1771, ordered, i2 Mar. Presented from Scotland, 12 April. Referred, ibid.; from England, 15. Referred, ibid. VideSi/ij. — of Disposition of last Year’s Grants, presented, 9 April. Referred to Committee of Ways and Means, 10. — of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets imported, with the Duttes, from Jan. 1760, ordered, 20 Mar. Presented from Scotland, and referred, 12 April; from England, presented, and referred, ibid. Vide Silks. — offorcign Linens, imported from Christmas 1769 toChristmas 1770, with the Duties and the Rates, as valued at the Custom House > of Foreign Linens exported in the same Time with the Drawbacks; ordered, 22 Mar. Presented from Scotland, 12 April; from England, ibid. — of British and Irish Linens, exported upon Bounty in the same Time; the same without Bounty for Five Years preceding Christmas 1770; ordered, 22 Klar. Presented, 12 April; from Scotland, 30. — of Culm exported in the same Time, with the Duties, ordered, 22 Mar. Presented from Scotland, A j-a April.

